{"topic": "economy_fiscal", "news": [["20251001", "The US government has acquired a 5% equity stake in Canadian mining firm Lithium Americas, a key producer of lithium for EVs and batteries. This comes as part of an agreement where the US Department of Energy will provide the first $435 million of a $2.26 billion loan to develop Lithium Americas' Thacker Pass facility. The move aims to reduce US reliance on China for lithium and strengthen the domestic supply chain."], ["20251001", "Akanda Corp. and its subsidiary First Towers & Fiber Corp. (FTF) are playing a role in Alt\u00e1n Redes' $7 billion Red Compartida project in Mexico. This initiative aims to close the digital divide by building a wholesale LTE/4G (and eventually 5G-ready) network to reach 92.2% of Mexico's population, including underserved areas. FTF, as a preferred contractor, expands network coverage by building towers, thereby increasing its cash flow."], ["20251001", "U.S. cannabis stocks saw a significant rally following renewed policy signals from President Donald Trump, who advocated for including hemp-derived CBD in Medicare coverage and hinted at federal reclassification of cannabis. Major producers like Tilray Brands, Aurora Cannabis, Canopy Growth, and Cronos Group experienced sharp increases. Despite high market volatility and federal illegality, the U.S. cannabis market is projected to grow substantially, with thematic ETFs recommended for diversified investment."], ["20251001", "The Fort Worth City Council has approved up to $6 million in incentives for Alcon Laboratories Inc. to potentially expand its local operations. The expansion involves relocating two manufacturing lines from Europe, representing a $186 million investment and creating 241 new jobs. This move could also help Alcon mitigate tariff costs, as the company projects a significant impact from new U.S. tariffs."], ["20251001", "Pfizer Inc. (PFE) shares jumped significantly after the company was exempted from a 100 percent tariff on pharmaceutical imports imposed by the US government. The company also announced a landmark agreement with the US government to lower prescription drug costs for American patients, including offering significant discounts on many of its medicines through a direct purchasing platform. This agreement ensures comparable drug prices to other developed countries and exempts Pfizer from impending tariffs."], ["20250930", "Nova Minerals' subsidiary, Alaska Range Resources LLC (ARR), has been awarded US$43.4 million from the US Department of War (DoW) to establish a domestic supply chain for antimony trisulfide in Alaska. This funding, under the Defense Production Act, will accelerate the development of antimony production at the Estelle Gold and Critical Minerals Project. The initiative aims to reduce US reliance on foreign sources for this strategic material used in defense and other industries."], ["20250930", "The bipartisan special property reassessment committee held its first of four planned meetings in Dover to investigate Delaware's first statewide property reassessment in 40 years. The meeting focused on Tyler Technologies, the organization responsible for the reassessment, and its methodology. Various government officials and representatives from Tyler Technologies participated in the discussions."], ["20250930", "As US markets rebound amidst potential government shutdown concerns, this article highlights three small-cap companies with strong fundamentals. Value Line (VALU), G. Willi-Food International (WILC), and Core Laboratories (CLB) are presented as \"undiscovered gems\" based on their financial performance, debt-free status or improved balance sheets, and growth potential in their respective sectors. The analysis suggests these companies could navigate market fluctuations effectively due to their solid financial health and strategic positioning."], ["20250930", "Kirby McInerney LLP is reminding investors of RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: RICK) about a class action lawsuit filed against the company. This follows an indictment by New York's Office of the Attorney General against RCI executives for allegedly bribing an auditor to evade over $8 million in sales taxes. Investors who suffered losses on their RCI investments have until November 20, 2025, to request lead plaintiff appointment."], ["20250930", "Lamb Weston Holdings, a leading frozen potato product supplier, released its Q1 2026 fiscal year results, showing strong 6% volume growth globally but flat net sales at US$1.66 billion due to a 7% decline in price/mix. The company experienced significant profit margin pressure, with operating income down 26% and net income down 50%, largely impacted by a higher effective tax rate. In response, Lamb Weston is implementing a \"Focus to Win\" strategy and a cost-saving program aiming for US$250 million in annualized savings by FY 2028, while reaffirming its full-year 2026 guidance."], ["20250930", "Eduardo Elsztain's company, Irsa, reported record profits of nearly $196 billion, leading to a shareholders' meeting on October 30 to discuss the distribution of dividends, potentially up to $164 billion. Elsztain, known to be close to President Javier Milei, also oversees significant remunerations for the board, totaling $18.192 billion, exceeding legal limits. This event brings scrutiny to the influential real estate investment firm and its impact on the market."], ["20250930", "Argentine technology company Globant expressed confidence in its recovery despite a nearly 70% stock drop in the past year, attributing it to a period of adjustment, macroeconomic weakness, and the rise of generative AI. CEO Mart\u00edn Migoya highlighted a record sales pipeline and strategic initiatives, including a new AI platform called InOrbit and a 10-year agreement with AWS, as key drivers for future growth. The company sees AI as a significant business opportunity despite implementation challenges."], ["20250930", "Shares of Shift4, OneMain, Enova, Encore Capital Group, and American Express fell due to economic uncertainty caused by a potential U.S. government shutdown and a surprising drop in U.S. consumer confidence to a five-month low. The prospect of a government shutdown created a \"risk-off\" mood, while declining consumer confidence indicated growing pessimism about inflation and the job market, suggesting consumers might reduce discretionary spending. Enova's shares, despite recent volatility, showed the market viewed the news as significant but not fundamentally altering its business perception."], ["20250930", "Shares of Masimo, Integra LifeSciences, CONMED, IQVIA, and Charles River Laboratories jumped following reports of a potential drug-pricing agreement between the White House and the pharmaceutical industry. The agreement, possibly involving Pfizer, seeks to lower prescription drug costs through the \"Most Favored Nation\" initiative. While pricing controls can be a headwind, the market reacted positively, interpreting the voluntary agreement as a resolution to regulatory uncertainty, providing a clearer path for the industry."], ["20250930", "The SEC has approved the TXSE's application to launch a new stock exchange, paving the way for the Dallas-based Texas Stock Exchange to begin trading by early 2026. Backed by major investment firms, the TXSE aims to attract listings from high-growth sectors by promoting a business-friendly environment and reducing the burden of going public. This move marks a challenge to the dominance of existing national exchanges, which are also responding with new regional initiatives."], ["20250930", "The SEC has approved the application for the Dallas-based Texas Stock Exchange (TXSE), allowing it to begin trading by early 2026. Backed by major investment firms like BlackRock and Citadel Securities, TXSE aims to attract listings from high-growth sectors by reducing the burden of going public and leveraging Texas's business-friendly environment. This move is intended to challenge the dominance of existing national stock exchanges and reverse the trend of declining publicly traded companies in the U.S."], ["20250930", "The SEC has approved the application for the Dallas-based Texas Stock Exchange (TXSE), clearing the way for it to begin trading stocks and exchange-traded products by early 2026. Backed by major investment firms like BlackRock and Citadel Securities, TXSE aims to attract listings from high-growth sectors by reducing the burden of going public and capitalizing on Texas's business-friendly environment. The new exchange hopes to reverse the trend of declining publicly traded companies in the U.S., while existing exchanges like NYSE and Nasdaq are also bolstering their presence in Texas."], ["20250930", "President Donald Trump announced a deal with drugmaker Pfizer for them to lower drug costs and invest $70 billion in U.S. manufacturing. Pfizer will charge most-favored-nation pricing to Medicaid, matching the lowest price offered in other developed nations, and guarantee that pricing on newly launched drugs. Trump indicated that similar deals with other drugmakers are expected soon."], ["20250930", "Chile's environmental regulator, SMA, has fined Albemarle nearly $340,000 for violating water extraction limits and failing to follow environmental safeguards at its lithium operations in the Atacama salt flat. The company exceeded approved water abstraction between October 2019 and September 2020 and did not report an indicator activation or reduce brine extraction as required in early 2021. This action highlights ongoing tensions between regulators and lithium producers in the environmentally sensitive Salar de Atacama."], ["20250930", "Interactive Brokers has launched the Investeringssparkonto (ISK) in Sweden, offering a tax-advantaged investment account for individual investors. This account enables Swedish investors to access a wide range of international assets with a simplified tax structure and no capital gains tax on transactions. The ISK is part of Interactive Brokers' strategy to expand its European presence, providing low-cost access to global markets and supporting local investors' savings goals."], ["20250930", "Pfizer shares surged 6.83% after President Trump announced a deal where the drugmaker will offer drugs at reduced prices on a new direct-to-consumer website and introduce new drugs to the U.S. market. In exchange, Pfizer will receive a three-year exemption from national-security-related tariffs, provided it invests in domestic manufacturing. This gain was the stock's largest percentage increase since November 2021, and other pharmaceutical stocks also saw advances."], ["20250930", "Pfizer Inc. announced a landmark agreement with the U.S. government to lower prescription drug costs for American patients and strengthen the U.S. biopharmaceutical ecosystem. This voluntary agreement addresses the President's requests by ensuring comparable drug prices, establishing a direct purchasing platform offering significant discounts, and providing certainty on tariffs and pricing in exchange for increased U.S. investment in innovation and manufacturing. Pfizer commits to an additional $70 billion in U.S. research, development, and capital projects, aiming to deliver next-generation cures in key therapeutic areas."], ["20250930", "Darling Ingredients Inc. has announced an agreement to sell approximately $125 million in production tax credits. This move comes as other companies in the renewable fuels sector are also making significant announcements regarding production and development, including XCF Global, PBF Energy, CVR Energy, Plug Power, and Neste. The sale highlights activity in the renewable energy market."], ["20250929", "Cohen & Steers Total Return Realty Fund, Inc. (RFI) announced the sources of its distribution payable on September 30, 2025, and cumulative distributions for the fiscal year-to-date. The fund operates under a managed distribution policy, aiming to deliver long-term total return through regular monthly distributions, which may include net investment income, capital gains, and/or return of capital. Shareholders are advised that the reported amounts are estimates and the final tax characteristics will be provided on Form 1099-DIV after the calendar year."], ["20250929", "The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) has prematurely ended consent orders against Washington Federal (WaFd) related to Home Mortgage Disclosure Act violations from 2013 and 2020. WaFd had paid penalties of $34,000 and $200,000 respectively and implemented compliance plans. This action follows similar early terminations for U.S. Bank and Apple, indicating a trend of the CFPB concluding enforcement actions once banks fulfill their obligations and pay penalties."], ["20250929", "U.S. Antimony Company's facility near Thompson Falls, the nation's only operating antimony smelter, is undergoing a $15 million expansion to significantly boost production of the critical mineral. This expansion, expected to increase output by 400% and create 25 jobs, aims to secure domestic supply chains, reducing reliance on foreign sources like China. The company also secured a $245 million contract from the U.S. Department of Defense to supply antimony metal for the National Defense Stockpile, highlighting the strategic importance of this mineral for industrial and military applications."], ["20250929", "Sony Financial Group Inc. saw a strong debut in Tokyo after being spun off by Sony Group Corp., with shares opening at \u00a5205 and closing at \u00a5173.8, valuing the unit at \u00a51.2 trillion ($8.1 billion). This rare direct listing, the first in over two decades in Japan, is seen as a test for companies to enhance valuations through spinoffs, aligning with government and Tokyo stock exchange reforms. While the stock may face selling pressure due to Nikkei 225 index methodology changes and vulnerability to rising interest rates, analysts expect potential for significant growth due to strong top-line performance and integration within Sony Group's ecosystem."], ["20250929", "LUMA Energy is making significant progress in modernizing Puerto Rico\u2019s electric grid through FEMA-funded projects, despite facing bureaucratic delays and financial hurdles. LUMA's CEO, Duke Austin, highlighted the achievements, including completing or starting 187 out of over 500 projects, but also stressed the need for greater cooperation from local agencies and faster reimbursements from FEMA to overcome obstacles. The company aims to deliver a more reliable and resilient energy future for Puerto Rico through continued collaborative efforts."], ["20250929", "Shares of furniture and home-goods retailers fell on Monday after President Trump announced new tariffs on kitchen cabinets, upholstered furniture, and bathroom vanities. Williams-Sonoma saw a 4.7% drop, with other retailers like RH, Arhaus, and Haverty Furniture also experiencing declines. These tariffs, scheduled to begin on Wednesday, include 50% duties on kitchen cabinets and 30% on upholstered furniture."], ["20250929", "Henrico County's Roseshire Gaming Parlor is set to open on Monday despite significant opposition from residents and officials. This opening marks the last casino-like venue able to bypass a more rigorous vetting process, stemming from a loophole that Churchill Downs exploited before it could be closed. The $35 million investment by Churchill Downs includes 175 slot-like historical horse racing machines, a restaurant, and live entertainment."], ["20250929", "NRG Energy Inc. secured a $562 million loan from the Texas Energy Fund to construct the Cedar Bayou 5 plant near Baytown, a new facility expected to add 721 megawatts of natural gas power generation capacity. The plant, projected to cost $936 million in total, is scheduled to be operational by 2028. This investment is crucial for supporting Texas's goal of ensuring affordable and reliable electricity."], ["20250929", "Defense contractors Anduril and RTX have introduced ground-launched versions of their existing munitions, Barracuda-500 and StormBreaker respectively, responding to a growing market demand driven by recent global conflicts and the Pentagon's focus on bridging its munitions gap. The Senate Armed Services Committee has already lauded Anduril's offering, pledging a dedicated military program and $25 million in funding to accelerate development. Both companies anticipate significant demand from both the US government and international customers, with RTX highlighting the StormBreaker's adaptability for GPS-contested areas and Anduril preparing for mass production to address projected needs."], ["20250929", "A federal court ruled that Altria Group Inc.'s pro rata share of income from certain foreign subsidiaries of Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV (ABI) was properly includable in its 2017 federal taxable income. The court granted the United States' motion for judgment on the pleadings, stating that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act's repeal of \u00a7958(b)(4) unambiguously requires Altria to include this income, and that this interpretation does not lead to an absurd outcome or violate Altria's Fifth Amendment Due Process rights. The decision emphasizes that subpart F's rules determining Controlled Foreign Corporation (CFC) status and U.S. shareholder attribution are objective and mathematical, rejecting Altria's argument for an additional \"control\" requirement."], ["20250929", "INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION (IBM) received a $77 million payment from the Social Security Administration for \"ORDER FOR Z17 CLINS OFF THE IBM CONTRACT\". This payment contributes to over $1.29 billion in government contract awards for IBM in the last year. The article also details recent Congressional trading activity in IBM stock and institutional investor movements."], ["20250929", "RTX Corporation's stock surged in premarket trading following the announcement of a $1.7 billion defense contract with the U.S. Army and Poland for advanced radar systems. This deal, secured through the Raytheon division, positions RTX as a key supplier of cutting-edge defense technology and marks Poland as the first international customer for the LTAMDS radar system. The contract underscores RTX's strong competitive position in the global defense market and its ability to capitalize on increasing defense spending worldwide."], ["20250929", "Shamis & Gentile P.A. is investigating potential securities fraud claims against CarMax, Inc. (KMX) for investors who purchased securities between December 19, 2024, and September 24, 2025, and suffered losses. The investigation centers on whether CarMax made misleading statements or omitted material information regarding the true drivers of its sales growth, potentially attributing demand to internal strategies instead of external factors like tariff fears. Investors with losses during this period are encouraged to join the investigation to explore compensation claims."], ["20250928", "Governor Greg Abbott announced a $562 million Texas Energy Fund loan for NRG Energy's new 721-megawatt natural gas power plant under construction in Baytown, Texas. This facility, with a total estimated cost of $936 million, is expected to begin generating power by summer 2028 and aims to meet the increasing energy demand in Texas, despite the state also being a leader in renewable energy. This is the third such loan from the state, highlighting continued investment in fossil fuels to ensure grid reliability amidst population growth and the expansion of data centers."], ["20250928", "Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. announced strong financial results for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2025, with a 21.6% increase in revenue to $41.3 million and a 36.6% increase in net income to $5.1 million. The company reported significant improvements in gross profit and operating income, driven by increased production and demand for military products. Despite a slight decrease in new orders and potential impacts from government funding delays, Optex is investing in capacity expansion and new product development, while also announcing a change in its CEO, with Chad George succeeding Danny Schoening."], ["20250927", "FedEx Corp has announced the immediate implementation of collecting applicable duties and taxes (D&T) for US inbound shipments. Additionally, PIRC advises FedEx shareholders to support a resolution for an independent chair. This could impact corporate governance discussions among investors."], ["20250927", "The U.S. Army has awarded Northrop Grumman Systems Corp. a $19 million contract for the production of M136 Vehicle Launched Anti-Tank Scatterable ammunition canisters, essential for the Volcano mine-laying system. This contract, funded through fiscal 2024 Building Partner Capacity accounts, aims to support the rapid deployment of minefields for defense. The M136 Volcano system is crucial for creating barriers against enemy forces and enhancing battlefield mobility and security."], ["20250926", "The author, Frank Holmes, revisits his 2020 prediction of $4,000 gold, which is now nearing realization. Citing historical context from the \"Nixon Shock\" in 1971 and current exploding global debt, he argues that gold serves as the ultimate hedge against monetary mismanagement. Holmes now projects gold could reach $7,000 per ounce, driven by fiscal imbalances, constrained monetary policy, continuous central bank buying, and robust retail demand, and recommends a 10% portfolio allocation to gold."], ["20250926", "A new report from the Sierra Club, \"Dirty Truth,\" claims that Wisconsin's largest utilities, We Energies and WEC Energy Group, are failing to meet their clean energy commitments. The report assigned both companies \"F\" grades for their slow progress in reducing fossil fuel reliance, delaying coal plant retirements, and proposing new gas plants. Despite claims by We Energies about significant investments in renewable energy, the Sierra Club states that the utilities are not demonstrating leadership in the transition to clean energy, which they argue is now more affordable."], ["20250926", "Sanofi is expanding its $35-per-month insulin price cap to all its insulin products in the U.S., regardless of insurance status, effective the start of next year. This move follows similar price reductions for its popular insulin Lantus and aligns with actions taken by other major insulin producers like Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly. The decision comes amidst growing pressure to lower insulin costs, the introduction of biosimilars, and governmental efforts, including the Inflation Reduction Act, to make essential diabetes medication more affordable."], ["20250926", "CACI International's subsidiary has been awarded a potential five-year, $983 million blanket purchase agreement by the Department of Homeland Security for IT support services. This DSS 3.0 BPA will provide critical services including systems and network support, hardware and software support, and AI support for the DHS Office of the Chief Information Officer. The contract aims to foster innovation, improve customer experience, and enhance remote support capabilities through a continual service improvement approach."], ["20250926", "BWXT plans to expand its Nuclear Fuel Services, Inc. facility in Erwin, Tennessee, investing $122 million and creating 198 new jobs. This expansion supports national defense needs by manufacturing nuclear fuel material for naval reactors and will bring BWXT's Unicoi County workforce to over 1,000 employees. The project is supported by Tennessee's Nuclear Energy Fund, aiming to strengthen the state's nuclear ecosystem."], ["20250926", "Banco Sabadell states that Grifols will not be negatively impacted by Donald Trump's new 100% tariffs on brand-name pharmaceutical imports, which are set to begin on October 1st. This is because Grifols has extensive integration in the U.S., with 70% of its plasma collection and 65% of its production capacity located there, making it the only company in the hemoderivatives sector with total vertical integration in the country. The report also notes minimal impact on Almirall and Rovi due to their limited direct exposure to the U.S. market."], ["20250926", "Shares of U.S. chip manufacturers rose on Friday following reports that the Trump administration is proposing a new plan to boost domestic chip production. The plan would require U.S. companies to manufacture the same amount of chips domestically as they import from abroad, with tariffs imposed for non-compliance. This initiative aims to further bolster the U.S. chip manufacturing industry."], ["20250926", "Paccar Inc. is expected to benefit significantly from President Donald Trump's recently announced 25% tariff on heavy trucks manufactured outside the U.S. This tariff is seen as a competitive advantage for Paccar, the parent company of Peterbilt and Kenworth, which has previously noted how tariff uncertainties impacted the North American truck market. The article also mentions that foreign-owned U.S. truck manufacturers are protected, suggesting broader implications beyond just domestically owned companies."], ["20250926", "Southern Copper announced that its T\u00eda Mar\u00eda copper project in Peru is projected to boost regional revenues in Arequipa by 40% through royalties once production begins in 2027. The project, which has faced delays due to local opposition and environmental concerns, will also create approximately 3,500 direct jobs during construction and 764 permanent jobs once operational. The budget for the project has been raised to $1.8 billion, and it is expected to produce 120,000 tonnes of copper annually."], ["20250926", "Williams-Sonoma, Inc. shares fell 3.04% in premarket trading after President Donald Trump announced new tariffs on furniture imports, including a 50% tariff on kitchen cabinets and bathroom vanities and a 30% levy on upholstered furniture. These tariffs, aimed at imports from China, Vietnam, and other Southeast Asian countries, directly impact Williams-Sonoma's core business segments and triggered a broader selloff among furniture retailers. Despite strong long-term performance, the new tariffs pose a significant threat to the profitability of import-reliant companies like Williams-Sonoma, with analysts awaiting upcoming earnings for insights into the company's strategy."], ["20250926", "Clean Harbors Inc. has released study results showing its high-temperature RCRA-permitted incineration facilities can safely and effectively destroy multiple forms of PFAS. The study, conducted with the EPA and U.S. Department of Defense, demonstrated that most PFAS were completely destroyed with emissions significantly lower than state or federal limitations, surpassing the EPA's strictest new testing standards. This validation reinforces the company's confidence in thermal destruction as a viable solution for eliminating \"forever chemicals.\""], ["20250926", "Northrop Grumman has opened a new 113,000-square-foot Missile Integration Facility in Mineral County, West Virginia, to expand the production and assembly of advanced strike missiles. This expansion, part of over $1 billion invested since 2018, aims to deliver up to 300 strike missiles annually and strengthen U.S. security while boosting West Virginia's economy. The facility consolidates production, assembly, testing, and shipping, using digital manufacturing technologies."], ["20250926", "Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Co. has been awarded a $610 million modification to an existing contract (N0001925C0070) by the U.S. Navy. This modification enables the procurement of economic order quantity materials, parts, and components for Lots 20-22 F-35 production aircraft, benefiting F-35 cooperative program partners and Foreign Military Sales (FMS) customers. The contract work, which will be performed across various locations, is expected to be completed by December 2030, with funds from FMS customers and cooperative program partners obligated at the time of award."], ["20250926", "The U.S. Department of War has signed a $271.4 million contract with RTX for the continued production and delivery of TOW 2B anti-tank guided missiles, with completion scheduled for February 2028. This order aims to replenish U.S. military stockpiles, which have been impacted by significant deliveries to Ukraine, and support ongoing international exports of the missile system. RTX has produced over 700,000 TOW missiles, with 11,000 used in combat, and has a production capacity of 10,000 missiles per year."], ["20250925", "China's Ministry of Commerce (MOFCOM) has announced export controls on three US companies (Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc, Planate Management Group, and Global Dimensions LLC) and added three others (Saronic Technologies Inc, Aerkomm Inc, and Oceaneering International Inc) to its unreliable entities list. These actions are justified by China to safeguard national security, defend against activities undermining its interests, and fulfill international obligations. An expert stated that these moves are within Chinese law and international norms, particularly those relating to non-proliferation and sovereignty, while MOFCOM reaffirms commitment to a stable business environment for compliant foreign firms."], ["20250925", "President Donald Trump announced new tariffs on furniture and furnishing products, effective October 1st, including a 50% tariff on kitchen cabinets and bathroom vanities and a 30% tariff on upholstered furniture. This announcement caused the stocks of major U.S. home furnishing companies like Williams-Sonoma, RH, and Wayfair to fall in after-hours trading, as these retailers largely depend on imports from Asian countries. Conversely, shares of La-Z-Boy, which primarily manufactures in the U.S. and Mexico, rose following the news."], ["20250925", "Governor Greg Gianforte celebrated the groundbreaking of an expansion project at the United States Antimony Corporation (USAC) facility in Thompson Falls, Montana. This expansion aims to increase antimony production by 400%, creating 25 new jobs and bolstering the domestic supply of this critical mineral for national defense and various industries. The project, backed by a $245 million Department of Defense contract, seeks to reduce U.S. reliance on foreign sources like China."], ["20250925", "Bristol Myers Squibb is launching a new direct-to-patient online platform called BMS Patient Connect in January, offering its plaque psoriasis drug Sotyktu at a significant discount to eligible cash-pay patients. Sotyktu will be available for $950 for a 30-day supply, an 86% discount from its $6,868 list price. This initiative follows similar moves by other pharma companies and aligns with calls for lower drug prices, potentially allowing BMS to circumvent pharmacy benefit managers and offer future medications through this model."], ["20250925", "Centrus Energy Corp. announced a multi-billion-dollar expansion of its uranium enrichment facility in Piketon, Ohio, aiming to create 1,000 construction jobs and 300 new permanent positions, while retaining 127 current jobs. This project will increase U.S. production of Low-Enriched Uranium (LEU) and High-Assay, Low-Enriched Uranium (HALEU), reducing reliance on foreign suppliers. The expansion depends on funding from the U.S. Department of Energy and is supported by state and federal leaders, highlighting its significance for economic development and national security."], ["20250925", "General Dynamics has secured a $1.5 billion information technology contract to support the U.S. Strategic Command (STRATCOM). The contract, awarded in May, covers a one-year base period and six option years, aiming to reduce costs and boost efficiency through the integration of artificial intelligence. STRATCOM is responsible for overseeing the U.S. nuclear weapons arsenal."], ["20250925", "Glaukos Corporation has broken ground on a new 200,000 square-foot research, development, and manufacturing facility in Huntsville, Alabama, with a planned investment exceeding $80 million. This expansion reinforces the company's commitment to U.S. manufacturing, aims to create over 150 full-time jobs, and supports its long-term growth in novel ophthalmic therapies. Huntsville was chosen for its talent base and business climate, with the facility expected to be completed by 2030."], ["20250925", "CEOs of major mining companies in Peru, including Buenaventura, Hochschild Mining, Cerro Verde, and Minsur, highlighted key challenges facing the industry at PERUMIN 37. Issues discussed include informality, illegal mining, institutional instability, slow permitting processes, and a lack of infrastructure. They emphasized that improving predictability and infrastructure development, potentially funded by mining tax revenues, are crucial for Peru's competitiveness and its aspiration to be a top copper producer."], ["20250925", "Hayden-based XCraft Enterprises Inc. has secured a $1 million purchase order from Best Buy, a significant win that could re-establish its presence in the consumer drone market as Best Buy phases out Chinese-made drones. The company is also actively pursuing opportunities in the entertainment and defense sectors, including drone light shows and demonstrations for the U.S. Navy SEALs, aiming to position the Inland Northwest as a leading drone manufacturing region. This comes as the U.S. government increases restrictions on foreign-made drones, creating a favorable environment for domestic manufacturers."], ["20250925", "Shares of Lithium Americas Inc. surged after President Trump announced a U.S. government stake, highlighting the growing focus on rare earth metals and consolidation efforts. This move has sparked interest in other companies in the sector, such as Albemarle Corp. and Uranium Energy Corp., as potential acquisition targets or beneficiaries of increased governmental and investor attention in critical materials for EVs, AI, and clean energy. The article suggests these companies offer strong risk-to-reward ratios or fundamental tailwinds that could lead to significant upside."], ["20250925", "HealthEquity, Inc. announced the appointment of Mukund Ramachandran as Chief Marketing Officer and Garett Kitch as Senior Vice President of Client Sales & Relationship Management to accelerate its strategic vision and capitalize on expanding market opportunities. These appointments come amidst significant HSA eligibility expansion following recent federal legislation and HealthEquity's continued focus on AI-powered solutions. The new executives will report to Chief Commercial Officer Michael Fiore, strengthening the company's go-to-market capabilities as it targets new consumer segments."], ["20250925", "Arq, Inc. has released its 2024 Sustainability Report, highlighting a transformative year with strong financial performance and advancements in ESG. The report emphasizes the company's leadership in environmental technology, including progress at its Red River and Corbin facilities, and its strategic position to meet the growing demand for activated carbon solutions, especially for PFAS contamination. CEO Bob Rasmus underscored Arq's commitment to transparency, innovation, and sustainable value creation while achieving significant revenue and positive adjusted EBITDA growth in 2024."], ["20250925", "The Economic and Financial Affairs Council of the EU (ECOFIN) adopted a revised EU list of non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes on October 6, 2020. This update added Anguilla and Barbados to the blacklist while removing the Cayman Islands and Oman. The EU blacklist now comprises twelve jurisdictions, and the grey list has also seen changes, with extensions granted due to the COVID-19 pandemic for certain commitments."], ["20250925", "Centrus Energy plans a significant expansion of its uranium enrichment plant in Piketon, Ohio, expecting to add at least 300 new operations jobs and 1,000 construction jobs. This multi-billion-dollar investment, contingent on federal funding, aims to boost domestic production of Low-Enriched Uranium (LEU) and High-Assay, Low-Enriched Uranium (HALEU), reducing reliance on foreign sources. The expansion emphasizes American technology and workers, with manufacturing operations spanning several U.S. states."], ["20250925", "Campbell's is struggling to fully offset the impact of steel and aluminum tariffs due to a lack of domestic tinplate capacity for its canned goods. While the company expects to mitigate 60% of tariff costs in fiscal 2026, over half of its exposure is tied to Section 232 duties, leading to potential price increases and financial strain. Campbell's is exploring alternative sourcing but faces challenges in maintaining product quality during transitions."], ["20250924", "This article identifies 10 industrial stocks poised for significant growth due to global infrastructure spending initiatives focused on modernizing transportation, utilities, and clean energy. It highlights how these companies benefit from substantial government investments, offering a blend of cyclical upside and defensive appeal. The piece specifically spotlights Quanta Services, Fluor, and MasTec, detailing their strategic positioning and backlogs that align with key infrastructure priorities like grid modernization, clean energy, and communication networks."], ["20250924", "JBG SMITH has donated land in Potomac Yard for Wesley Housing to develop an 88-unit affordable rental apartment building. The project aims to provide housing for middle-income professionals, such as teachers and firefighters, earning between 30% and 80% of the area median income, with average rents targeting families at 60% of AMI. This development near the Potomac Yard Metro station supports Alexandria's Housing 2040 Master Plan and will offer transit access in a rapidly growing neighborhood."], ["20250924", "Bank stocks could experience a rally during Federal Reserve rate-cutting cycles, especially when no recession occurs, according to a Wells Fargo analysis. Many of these banks also offer dividends, which become more attractive as other yields decline. The article highlights several dividend-paying bank stocks favored by Wall Street analysts, such as Huntington Bancshares, Citizens Financial Group, Citigroup, and Bank of America, which are expected to benefit from increased business activity and potential deregulation."], ["20250924", "Meyer Turku and Royal Caribbean Group have signed a long-term agreement extending until 2036 for shipbuilding at the Turku shipyard. This agreement includes an order for Icon 5, scheduled for delivery in 2028, and options for Icon 6 and Icon 7, further strengthening their partnership and generating significant employment and economic impact for Finland. The deal was lauded by Finnish officials for recognizing the country's shipbuilding expertise and boosting its economy."], ["20250924", "The Trump administration is reportedly seeking a 10% stake in Lithium Americas' (LAC) Thacker Pass lithium mine in Nevada, moving to amend the terms of a previously issued loan. This move caused LAC's stock to surge by 80% in after-hours trading and is part of the administration's pattern of taking direct stakes in companies, justified by \"national security.\" Critics are questioning the market-moving announcements, comparing them to insider trading."], ["20250923", "The SPDR S&P Metals & Mining ETF (XME) has surged to $91.50, nearing its all-time high, driven by a 59.68% year-to-date rally fueled by strong performance in uranium, gold, and other metals. The article highlights the ETF's holdings, macroeconomic catalysts like tariffs, and its outperformance compared to benchmarks over the past five years. Despite higher volatility, XME is considered a \"Buy\" due to commodity price momentum, solid fundamentals, and tariff tailwinds, with potential upside to $96-$100."], ["20250923", "United States Antimony Corporation (UAMY.US) has secured a significant \"sole-source\" contract with the U.S. Department of Defense, valued at up to $245 million, for the delivery of metallic antimony to the U.S. National Defense Stockpile over five years. This agreement immediately caused UAMY's stock price to rise by approximately 17 percent, highlighting the company's critical role as the exclusive North American processor of antimony and its efforts to develop domestic mining resources in Alaska and Montana. The contract is part of a broader U.S. government initiative to rebuild domestic supply chains for critical materials and reduce dependence on foreign sources, particularly China, for strategic minerals essential for national defense and advanced technologies."], ["20250923", "Shares of BRBI BR Partners S.A. plummeted over 27% following an announcement by U.S. President Donald Trump threatening \"major tariffs\" on Brazil. This dramatic decline, despite a generally positive broader market, highlights the significant impact of geopolitical tensions on emerging market equities. The article discusses the potential ripple effects on Brazilian companies and the broader economy, emphasizing the new era of uncertainty this creates for investors."], ["20250923", "Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) has recommended that shareholders of Cushman & Wakefield (CWK) vote in favor of the company's plan to redomicile from England and Wales to Bermuda. The real estate services firm expects to save $3 million annually in administrative, accounting, tax, and legal costs through this move, which it emphasizes is not tax-driven. The redomiciliation will not affect the company's operations, NYSE trading status, or commitment to its UK and European presence."], ["20250923", "UBS has agreed to pay nearly $1 billion to settle a long-running French tax evasion case related to cross-border business activities between 2004 and 2012. The Swiss bank will pay a fine of 730 million euros and 105 million euros in civil damages to the French state. This resolution follows a 2023 French Supreme Court decision that upheld UBS's guilt for unlawful client solicitation and aggravated money laundering, referring the financial penalties for reassessment."], ["20250923", "United States Antimony Corporation (NYSE: UAMY) saw its stock jump 17.8% after securing a five-year contract worth up to $245 million from the US Defense Logistics Agency (DLA). The contract is for the supply of antimony metal ingots for the national defense stockpile, highlighting the company's unique position as the only fully integrated antimony operation outside China, especially given the US has not produced the critical mineral domestically since 2016. US Antimony's CEO Gary Evans noted this contract is a significant milestone, valued at nearly 17 times the company's 2024 revenue."], ["20250923", "Eli Lilly and Company announced plans to build a new $6.5 billion manufacturing facility at Generation Park in Houston, Texas, to produce active pharmaceutical ingredients for its small molecule medicines, including orforglipron. This facility, Lilly's eighth new U.S. manufacturing site since 2020, is expected to create 615 high-wage jobs and 4,000 construction jobs, significantly boosting the local economy and expanding Lilly's domestic production capabilities. The site will utilize state-of-the-art technologies like AI and machine learning to ensure efficient and high-quality medicine production."], ["20250922", "KinderCare Learning Companies announced its strong support for the bipartisan Child Care Modernization Act, introduced by Senators Deb Fischer and Kirsten Gillibrand. The legislation aims to expand access to affordable, high-quality childcare for working families by updating the Child Care and Development Block Grant. KinderCare emphasizes that this act will help parents remain in the workforce and provide crucial early childhood education, benefiting both today's economy and future generations."], ["20250922", "A proposed class-action lawsuit alleges that global biotechnology conglomerate Danaher Corp. maintains a DEI policy that systematically discriminates against qualified White men. The lawsuit claims Danaher's policy sets quotas for women and people of color in interview pools, modifies job requirements for these groups, and ties manager compensation to DEI objectives. The plaintiffs, two White male engineers over 40, allege they were denied promotions due to these policies, in violation of Title VII and the Age Discrimination in Employment Act."], ["20250922", "Centene's subsidiary, Ambetter from Home State Health, is required to pay nearly $90 million in customer rebates due to federal Affordable Care Act rules. This mandate comes after the company failed to meet the ACA's medical care spending requirements. The rebates will be distributed to Missourians and represent one of the largest such payouts in the state since 2012."], ["20250922", "The U.S. Senate has announced $7.4 million in grant funding from the U.S. Forest Service\u2019s Hazardous Fuels Transportation Assistance Program to aid timber transport and wildfire risk reduction efforts across Oregon. Of this, Boise Cascade and Heartwood Biomass will receive over $1.1 million for projects specifically within the Wallowa-Whitman National Forest. These projects involve transporting sawlogs and biomass for lumber production, as well as creating other wood products to reduce wildfire hazards."], ["20250922", "The article announces the start of the road and sidewalk improvement project in the El Porvenir sector of Pacasmayo, Peru. Funded by Cementos Pacasmayo SAA under the \"Obras Por Impuestos\" modality, the S/44 million project is expected to take 15 months to complete. Local authorities, including Mayor Ricardo Guanilo Ayala, highlighted the positive impact on urban infrastructure and emphasized that the funding comes from the regional government's budget rather than municipal taxes."], ["20250922", "KEPCO is expected to freeze the adjusted fuel cost for the fourth quarter, maintaining it at 5 won per kilowatt-hour, a decision influenced by the government to support the company's financial stability. Despite this, overall electricity rates might still increase due to other factors and the government's push for renewable energy. This stabilization of the fuel cost component aims to help KEPCO improve its financial soundness."], ["20250922", "Federal regulators and seven state attorneys general have filed a lawsuit against Live Nation Entertainment and its ticketing arm, Ticketmaster. They allege that the company inflates prices, fails to control scalpers, and uses \"bait-and-switch\" pricing tactics, with hidden fees constituting up to 44% of the total cost. The lawsuit follows years of criticism regarding Ticketmaster's market dominance, which became particularly prominent during Taylor Swift's 2022 Eras Tour."], ["20250922", "Newmont Corporation announced the first gold pour at its Ahafo North Project in Ghana on September 19, 2025, a significant step toward commercial production in Q4 2025. This project is expected to yield 275,000 to 325,000 ounces of gold annually over a 13-year mine life, creating numerous jobs and contributing substantially to Ghana's economy. Ahafo North solidifies Newmont's presence in Ghana and is a key part of its long-term growth strategy."], ["20250922", "Procter & Gamble plans a $150 million expansion of its Oral-B facility in Iowa City, creating 100 new jobs. The project includes a new 150,000-square-foot production line and new equipment, supported by $5.25 million in state tax benefits and local tax assistance from Iowa City. Construction is tentatively scheduled to begin in fall 2026."], ["20250921", "The IRS offers several tax breaks to encourage energy-efficient and greener lifestyles through credits and deductions. These incentives often cover renewable home energy systems, alternative fuel vehicles, and donations of electronics to qualifying nonprofits. While some tax breaks, particularly for certain products or years, have expired or are phasing out, options still exist for taxpayers to reduce their overall tax bill by adopting green practices."], ["20250920", "A class action lawsuit has been filed against Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ: CHTR) and its executives for alleged federal securities law violations. The lawsuit claims Charter misled investors about the impact of the Affordable Connectivity Program's (ACP) termination, attributing customer declines and revenue losses to its end despite previous assurances that the impact was \"behind us.\" Following the announcement of significant internet customer decreases and a related 18.4% stock drop, investors are encouraged to join the lawsuit by October 14, 2025."], ["20250920", "The Invesco Aerospace & Defense ETF (PPA) has surged 32% year-to-date, fueled by a global increase in defense spending surpassing $2.5 trillion and significant backlogs at key holdings like Boeing, RTX, GE, and Lockheed Martin. With its diversified portfolio and consistent outperformance against competitors, the ETF is considered a strong buy for investors seeking exposure to the expanding defense sector. Geopolitical tensions continue to drive capital into defense equities, supporting sustained upward momentum for PPA."], ["20250920", "The BlackRock MuniVest Fund (MVF) offers a tax-free income stream for high-rate taxpayers, with an adjusted yield of about 5.5%. Its discount to NAV has reduced due to a discount management program and decreased reliance on return of capital in distributions. Despite a 0.5% management fee, MVF's active management, use of tender option bonds, and willingness to invest in long maturities make it a worthwhile buy for income-seeking investors compared to standard index muni funds."], ["20250919", "Mexico's government is accused of repeatedly expropriating U.S. companies by seizing assets, canceling contracts, and using regulation to unfairly drive out American competition. These actions, exemplified by cases like L1BRE and Vulcan Materials, violate Mexico's USMCA treaty obligations and create an opening for Chinese state-backed corporations. The article calls on Secretary Rubio to make restitution for American firms and a commitment to the rule of law a top priority in upcoming USMCA renegotiations."], ["20250919", "Patterson-UTI Energy has congratulated Leslie Beyer on her confirmation by the U.S. Senate as Assistant Secretary for Land and Minerals Management at the U.S. Department of the Interior. As a result of this confirmation, Ms. Beyer has resigned from her position on Patterson-UTI's Board of Directors, a role she had held since September 2023. Andy Hendricks, Patterson-UTI's President and CEO, praised Ms. Beyer's contributions to the energy industry and expressed confidence in her new governmental role."], ["20250919", "State Departments of Transportation (DOTs) and Metropolitan Planning Organizations (MPOs) can maximize their return on investment in transportation projects by using performance-based prioritization methods. This approach involves four key strategies: clearly defining goals, implementing project prioritization techniques, establishing a feedback loop for continuous improvement, and engaging stakeholders throughout the process to ensure transparency and community buy-in. These methods help agencies make informed investment decisions that align with community needs and achieve desired outcomes."], ["20250919", "The U.S. Department of Customs and Border Protection (CBP) has initiated an investigation into Greenbrier Companies (GBX) for alleged evasion of antidumping duties on freight rail couplers (FRC). CBP suspects GBX misclassified FRC imports as \"instruments of international traffic\" to avoid tariffs and has implemented interim measures, including requiring proper documentation and duties upfront. If confirmed, GBX could face significant penalties and be liable for unpaid duties retroactively to July 2024."], ["20250919", "FedEx has cut its transpacific freighter capacity by 25% due to reduced demand caused by US tariffs on e-commerce shipments from China. The company has redirected capacity to the Asia-Europe lane and is working with customers to navigate the new tariff environment. Despite challenges, FedEx reported positive fiscal first-quarter results with increased revenues and operating income, partly offset by cost-cutting measures."], ["20250919", "FedEx expects a $1 billion hit this year due to trade volatility, primarily from reduced shipments from China to the U.S. and increased customs costs caused by President Trump's tariffs. Despite these challenges, the company reinstated its profit and sales forecast, showing revenue growth and adjusted earnings per share that are mostly in line with analyst expectations. FedEx also plans share buybacks and cost-cutting initiatives while expressing cautious optimism for the upcoming holiday season."], ["20250919", "Franco-Nevada Corporation's stock has surged by 5.46% due to favorable precious metals market trends, a successful tax dispute resolution with the Canada Revenue Agency, and strong Q2 2025 financial results. RBC has raised its price target for the company, which also achieved a new 52-week record high. The article highlights Franco-Nevada's robust operational model, sustainable margins, and 18-year dividend history as key drivers of its growth and investor confidence."], ["20250919", "Paducah is set to get its first solar facility, a 60-megawatt project by AES Corporation and Community Energy in McCracken County, with construction starting in 2027. The $130 million facility will power 10,000 homes annually and is expected to create 150 construction jobs and generate $7 million in tax revenue. The project, called McCracken Solar, will sell power to Big Rivers Electric Corp. and has a decommissioning plan to return the 615-acre site to pre-project conditions after its operational lifespan."], ["20250919", "Procter and Gamble (P&G) is set for a $150 million expansion in Iowa City, creating 100 new jobs with an average wage of $31.85 per hour. This project involves building a 150,000 square foot facility to produce items currently made overseas, with production slated to begin in 2027. The Iowa Economic Development Authority has awarded P&G $5.2 million in tax credits for this expansion, in addition to local property tax incentives."], ["20250919", "Moderna has announced the delivery of the first mRNA vaccines fully manufactured in Canada to provinces and territories, marking a significant milestone in Canada's domestic vaccine production capacity and health security. The vaccines, Spikevax\u00ae targeting the SARS-CoV-2 LP.8.1 variant, were produced at a facility in Laval, Quebec, with fill-and-finish completed in Cambridge, Ontario. This achievement underscores collaboration between science, industry, and government to ensure timely access to mRNA medicines for Canadians."], ["20250919", "America's largest lithium project, Thacker Pass in Nevada, faces uncertainty over a crucial $2.3-billion loan from the Biden administration. A top Energy Department official, Gregory Beard, questioned the project's ability to compete with China's subsidized lithium prices, proposing a \"take or pay\" clause for lead investor General Motors. This has led to an impasse between Lithium Americas, General Motors, and the Department of Energy, jeopardizing a project vital for U.S. energy and national security."], ["20250919", "The Fidelity MSCI Energy Index ETF (FENY) is presented as a stable, income-producing investment due to its significant holdings in major oil companies like Exxon, Chevron, and ConocoPhillips, which contribute to a 3.11% dividend yield. The ETF benefits from macroeconomic tailwinds such as inflation, fiscal expansion, and underinvestment in the energy sector, which create tight supply and support higher crude oil prices. Despite lagging the broader market, FENY outperforms energy peers and offers a hedge against inflation for income-focused investors."], ["20250919", "Moderna has announced the delivery of the first mRNA vaccines fully manufactured in Canada to Canadian provinces and territories, marking a significant milestone in national health security and domestic vaccine production capacity. These vaccines are Moderna's updated COVID-19 vaccine targeting the SARS-CoV-2 LP.8.1 variant, approved by Health Canada on August 21, 2025. This achievement reflects a strong partnership between science, industry, and government to ensure Canadians have timely access to advanced mRNA medicines."], ["20250918", "The American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) has elected Geoff G. Gilmore, President and CEO of Worthington Steel, to its Board of Directors and welcomed Worthington Steel as a new member company. This move is expected to bolster AISI's efforts in advancing policy issues for the industry, aligning with the shared mission to navigate challenges and achieve member objectives. Both Lourenco Goncalves, AISI Chairman, and Kevin Dempsey, AISI President and CEO, expressed enthusiasm for Gilmore's expertise and Worthington Steel's contribution."], ["20250918", "SolarEdge Technologies, a global leader in smart energy, has announced the first international shipments of its U.S.-manufactured residential solar technology to Australia. This initiative is a key step in expanding the reach of American-made solar products globally, with further exports for residential, commercial, and industrial segments planned for Q4 2025. This strategy also helps U.S. customers qualify for clean energy tax credits by using domestically produced, non-PFE technology."], ["20250918", "Redwire Corporation, through its subsidiary Edge Autonomy, has secured a contract with an undisclosed European NATO country to supply its Stalker Group 2 fixed-wing uncrewed aerial systems (UAS). These UAS will be used for long-range reconnaissance and intelligence gathering, including aircraft systems, spares, and training. This agreement highlights the growing adoption of Edge Autonomy's Stalker UAS by allied forces for critical missions."], ["20250918", "The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and seven states have filed a lawsuit against Ticketmaster and its parent company, Live Nation Entertainment, alleging violations of the FTC Act and the Better Online Ticket Sales Act. The lawsuit claims that the concert giant knowingly collaborated with secondary market brokers to inflate ticket prices by allowing them to circumvent ticket limits using sophisticated software and by turning a blind eye to mass scalping. This action follows a previous lawsuit by the U.S. Justice Department against Live Nation for alleged monopoly practices in the concert market, and has been met with support from industry groups advocating for fairer ticketing practices."], ["20250918", "FedEx has reinstated its full-year profit outlook, forecasting adjusted earnings of $17.20 to $19 per share for fiscal 2026 and revenue growth of up to 6%. This decision follows strong first-quarter results and signals increased clarity for the company despite ongoing tariff pressures and changes to trade policies. The company's stock rose significantly after the announcement, contrasting with rivals like UPS, which has abandoned its guidance."], ["20250918", "The closure of two International Paper mills in Coastal Georgia is expected to severely impact the state's economy, especially the timber industry and associated businesses, leading to significant job losses. State officials and industry leaders are exploring short-term solutions like job fairs and a manufacturing job platform, as well as long-term strategies such as promoting biomass conversion from wood. This comes after an earlier mill shutdown by Georgia-Pacific, highlighting a declining trend in the number of paper mills in the state."], ["20250918", "ServiceTitan executives Michele O'Connor, Chief Accounting Officer, and Sherry David, Chief Financial Officer, sold shares of Class A Common Stock to cover tax obligations from vesting restricted stock units. O'Connor sold 5,188 shares for $602,050, while David sold 11,745 shares for $1,362,889. These transactions took place on September 17, 2025."], ["20250918", "Amentum plans to create 3,000 new jobs over the next four years in the UK, driven by growth in the nuclear power and defense sectors. This expansion follows commitments from both the UK and U.S. governments to invest in these industries, supporting Amentum's work on new nuclear power stations and national defense projects. The company's CEO, John Heller, highlighted that the job creation is a direct result of strong UK-U.S. partnership and shared efforts to drive economic growth and energy resilience."], ["20250918", "The article highlights an interview with Asbury Automotive Group Inc. CEO David Hult and mentions Nissan's decision to drop the Ariya EV in the U.S. It also includes sections on recent automotive news, such as the U.S. Supreme Court striking down some Trump tariffs, the impact of tariffs on new-vehicle prices, dealership buy-sell updates, and Jeffrey Epstein's interest in Carlos Ghosn\u2019s arrest. The main image shows David Hult speaking at the 2025 Automotive News Congress."], ["20250918", "The FTC and seven states have sued Live Nation Entertainment Inc. and its Ticketmaster subsidiary, alleging they failed to prevent automated ticketing bots and large-scale resale operations. The lawsuit claims Ticketmaster systematically ignored ticket brokers circumventing purchase limits because it profits from resales, charging fees that average 24% to 44% on first sales and earning from both buyers and sellers on resales. This conduct is deemed to injure fans by forcing them to pay inflated prices for high-demand tickets and is alleged to violate the FTC Act and the BOTS Act."], ["20250918", "Virginia's Attorney General Jason Miyares has joined seven other states and the Federal Trade Commission in a lawsuit against Live Nation Entertainment Inc. and Ticketmaster LLC. The lawsuit alleges that Ticketmaster violated consumer protection laws by allowing brokers to bypass security, create fake accounts, and resell tickets at inflated prices through its secondary marketplace. The action seeks a preliminary injunction and other consumer relief to enforce the Better Online Tickets Sales (BOTS) Act and ensure Virginians can purchase tickets at reasonable prices."], ["20250918", "The Federal Trade Commission has sued Ticketmaster and its parent company, Live Nation, alleging \"illegal\" ticket resale tactics. The lawsuit, joined by seven states, claims the companies \"tacitly worked\" with scalpers to increase profits and used a \"bait and switch\" approach to ticket pricing. The FTC also alleges that Ticketmaster engages in \"triple dipping\" by collecting fees from brokers and consumers on both primary and secondary markets, stating the company made $3.7 billion from resold tickets between 2019 and 2024."], ["20250918", "Top executives of RCI Hospitality Holdings Inc., which operates strip clubs and the Bombshells Restaurant & Bar chain, have been indicted on tax fraud and bribery charges in New York. The indictment alleges that RCI executives bribed an auditor with free trips and cash for private dances to avoid paying over $8 million in sales taxes between 2010 and 2024. RCI's attorney has denied the allegations, calling them baseless, and stated the company plans to defend itself against the charges."], ["20250918", "Wrap Technologies, Inc. announced that Virginia Governor Glenn Youngkin plans to attend the ribbon-cutting ceremony for its new manufacturing headquarters in Norton, Virginia, on September 19, 2025. This $4.1 million project, supported by various Virginia economic development agencies, is expected to create over 120 new jobs and expand Made-in-America production of BolaWrap devices and new anti-drone technology. The facility will serve as an innovation hub for public safety and counter-drone solutions, aligning with federal defense and homeland security priorities."], ["20250918", "Campbell\u2019s Soup Company has admitted to over 5,400 violations of the Clean Water Act, dumping pollutants like phosphorus, ammonia, E. Coli, oil, and grease into Ohio's Maumee River. This revelation highlights a broader pattern of corporate pollution where companies treat fines as a cost of doing business, contrasting with efforts to hold farmers accountable for agricultural runoff. The public ultimately bears the health and financial burden of this pollution, with the full extent of penalties still unclear."], ["20250918", "Bloom Energy executives, including COO Satish Chitoori and Officer Kurzymski Maciej, sold company shares to fulfill tax withholding obligations tied to restricted stock units. Chitoori sold 400 shares for $28,464, while Maciej sold 2,474 shares for $174,342, both transactions occurring on September 16, 2025. Following these sales, they retain significant direct ownership in Bloom Energy Corp."], ["20250918", "Several Sprinklr executives sold Class A Common Stock on September 16, 2025, to meet tax withholding obligations from restricted stock unit vesting. The sales, executed at $7.75 per share, involved key figures such as Director Thomas Ragy, CFO Manish Sarin, CMO Pattabhiraman Arun, General Counsel Scott Jacob, and CTO Amitabh Misra, with each transaction detailed by share count and total value. Following these sales, all executives retain significant direct ownership in the company."], ["20250918", "The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and seven states have sued Ticketmaster and Live Nation, alleging they enabled illegal ticket resales at inflated prices. The lawsuit claims Ticketmaster engaged in deceptive pricing tactics and allowed brokers to exceed ticket limits, costing consumers billions in higher costs and fees. Live Nation's shares were down over 2.5% following the announcement."], ["20250917", "Woodward, Inc., a global leader in energy control solutions, announced a nearly $200 million investment to establish a new manufacturing operation in Spartanburg County, South Carolina, creating approximately 275 jobs. The company plans to build a 300,000-square-foot facility to produce servo-hydraulic actuation systems for aircraft flight control, with operations expected to begin in 2027. This move supports Woodward's commitment to delivering leading control solutions and expanding its expertise in hydraulic flight control for various aircraft manufacturers."], ["20250917", "Eli Lilly has announced Goochland County, Virginia, as the location for its first new $5 billion drug manufacturing plant, which will be dedicated to API and drug product facilities for bioconjugate and monoclonal antibody platforms. This is part of a larger plan to invest $50 billion in four new US manufacturing sites by 2020, creating 3,000 jobs and strengthening domestic pharmaceutical production. Other major pharmaceutical companies like AstraZeneca, Johnson & Johnson, Roche, and GSK are also making significant investments in US manufacturing and R&D."], ["20250917", "Despite a significant gap in IPO volumes between the US and UK in 2025, with the US having over 20 times more listings, the UK market shows promising potential for future IPOs. Favorable market conditions and changes to listing rules could drive more activity, though tax uncertainty remains a headwind. Several well-known companies like Boots, SumUp, and Princes Food are rumored to be considering UK listings, suggesting an interesting pipeline for investors."], ["20250917", "DTCC and CME Group are actively preparing for the upcoming US Treasury clearing mandate, with DTCC launching new tri-party repo product enhancements and seeking approval to extend its cross-margining service with CME to end-clients. CME Group is developing its own proprietary clearing service, emphasizing a \"done-away\" model to enhance capacity and operational resilience. Citadel welcomes this increased competition among clearinghouses, highlighting the significant growth of the US Treasuries market and the need for robust infrastructure."], ["20250917", "The federal tax credit of up to $7,500 for electric vehicles (EVs) and plug-in hybrids (PHEVs) ended on September 30, 2025. Buyers who placed a deposit before this date can still claim the credit upon delivery. The article lists eligible vehicles and explains the complex rules for the credit, including income limits and changes under a new budget bill."], ["20250917", "An ICSID Tribunal has ordered Argentina to pay AES USD 715.9 million in compensation for breaches of the 1991 United States-Argentina bilateral investment treaty. The award stems from measures Argentina adopted in its electricity sector during the 2001-2002 economic crisis, rejecting Argentina's defenses of waiver, essential security interests, and state of necessity. This decision aligns with previous ICSID rulings against Argentina and marks one of the final cases from this period, largely closing a significant chapter in international investment arbitration history."], ["20250917", "Hagens Berman has initiated an investigation into RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. (RICK) following a nearly 16% stock decline after the New York Attorney General indicted the company, its CEO, CFO, and others on charges including criminal tax fraud, bribery, and conspiracy. The firm is examining whether RCI misled investors regarding its adherence to laws, internal controls, and accounting rules, urging investors with significant losses to come forward. The indictment alleges a scheme to bribe a tax auditor to avoid sales tax assessments for three RCI-owned strip clubs in New York."], ["20250917", "PG&E will issue a $58.23 electric bill credit to residential households and eligible small businesses in October, matching a credit received in the spring. This is part of the California Climate Credit, with total residential credits in 2025 reaching $183.49 for those receiving both gas and electric service. The utility encourages customers to explore programs to further reduce energy costs."], ["20250917", "Melco Resorts & Entertainment announced plans to open a private hospital focused on imaging and diagnostic medical services at its Studio City integrated resort in Macau. This initiative fulfills part of Melco's commitment to invest in non-gaming attractions as stipulated by their 10-year gaming concession signed in 2022. The hospital, iRad Imaging and Diagnostic Medical Center, will operate under an agreement with an associate of Melco Chairman and CEO Lawrence Ho, and will provide healthcare services and discounted check-up packages to hotel customers and employees."], ["20250917", "Defense ETFs are outperforming Wall Street expectations following a NATO incident where Russian drones intruded on Polish airspace, leading to increased military spending commitments. The Select STOXX Europe Aerospace & Defense ETF (EUAD) saw a significant jump, reflecting Europe's amplified defense spending, while the Global X Defense Tech ETF (SHLD) and other U.S.-focused funds also recorded strong gains. This rally suggests a shift towards defense as a structural allocation rather than a speculative trade, driven by NATO's increased spending targets."], ["20250916", "Sanofi is the latest pharmaceutical company to suspend investments in the U.K., citing an unfriendly business environment and a need for greater recognition of innovation's value. This decision follows similar pullbacks from Merck, Eli Lilly, and AstraZeneca, spurred by a significant increase in a mandatory levy for drugmakers whose sales to the National Health Service exceed a certain cap. The Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry has highlighted that this 23.5% levy makes the U.K. an outlier in Europe, prompting many companies to reduce R&D investments."], ["20250916", "Eli Lilly and Company announced plans to construct a $5 billion manufacturing facility in Goochland County, Virginia, to produce active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) for its bioconjugate platform and monoclonal antibody portfolio. This new site, the first of four planned U.S. manufacturing facilities, will create 650 high-paying jobs and 1,800 construction jobs, contributing significantly to the local economy. The investment is part of Lilly's $50 billion commitment to U.S. capital expansion since 2020, aiming to bolster domestic medicine production and strengthen the supply chain."], ["20250916", "Conduent is integrating generative AI and other advanced AI technologies into its solutions for state and federal agencies to enhance government benefit disbursement, improve citizen experiences, and strengthen fraud prevention for programs like Medicaid and SNAP. A successful pilot with Microsoft has significantly boosted fraud detection capacity for open-loop payment card programs, and Conduent plans to expand these AI methodologies to other programs, including Medicaid and EBT cards. The company is also deploying AI in contact centers to improve customer support for public benefit recipients by providing agents with instant access to program-specific information."], ["20250916", "This article summarizes a bullish thesis on Knife River Corporation (KNF), a vertically integrated building materials company, forecasting over 40% upside with a price target of $115/share. Despite recent underperformance due to external factors, the company demonstrates strong fundamentals, including margin improvements, strategic acquisitions, and pricing power in localized markets. Catalysts such as upcoming earnings, infrastructure funding, and M&A optionality are expected to drive growth and shareholder value."], ["20250916", "Conduent is integrating generative AI and other advanced AI technologies into its solutions for state and federal agencies to modernize government payments, combat fraud, and improve beneficiary experiences. A successful AI pilot with Microsoft has significantly boosted fraud detection in open-loop payment card programs, with plans to expand to Medicaid and SNAP benefits. Conduent is also using AI to enhance customer support for public benefit recipients by providing agents with instant, accurate information, thereby reducing call handling times."], ["20250916", "Envirotech Vehicles, Inc. and its subsidiary Maddox Industries have delivered over 5 million isolation gowns to the U.S. government, fulfilling a portion of a 35 million gown contract. This American-made effort supports federal infrastructure needs, creates jobs, and reduces reliance on foreign production, demonstrating the companies' commitment to U.S. manufacturing in addition to their work in drones and electric vehicles. The company anticipates an extension of the contract, further strengthening supply chain security."], ["20250916", "Envirotech Vehicles, Inc. (NASDAQ: EVTV) and its subsidiary, Maddox Industries, have delivered over 5 million isolation gowns to the U.S. government, fulfilling part of a 35 million gown contract. This milestone, achieved with 19 months remaining on the contract, highlights the strength of U.S. manufacturing in meeting federal infrastructure needs and the company's commitment to reshoring production and creating American jobs. Envirotech Vehicles aims to continue expanding its U.S. production capacity, also serving government and defense sectors with electric vehicles and drones."], ["20250916", "J.M. Smucker plans to raise coffee prices for a third time this year, projecting an overall hike of over 20% due to rising sourcing costs and U.S. tariffs on imported beans from Brazil and Vietnam. This move is expected to dampen coffee sales volume, but the company anticipates an additional $100 million in revenue. Smucker believes the coffee category will remain resilient despite inflationary pressures, given consumer habits and at-home consumption."], ["20250916", "The Overland Park Police Department is set to receive a $22.4 million technology overhaul from Axon Enterprise, including new body cameras, drones, tasers, and an integrated data platform. This 10-year agreement will replace multiple independent programs with a unified system for evidence management, data storage, and other functions, aiming for increased efficiency and transparency. The purchase also includes an entry into Axon's AI Era Leaders Plan, allowing the department to test future AI tools and will lead to new policies regarding drones and AI usage."], ["20250915", "Becton Dickinson and Company (BDX) disclosed $557,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, covering issues such as medical technology regulation, supply chains, sterilization, and taxation. The article also details recent congressional stock trading, insider trading activity, significant institutional investor moves, and analyst ratings with price targets for BDX."], ["20250915", "Whirlpool Corporation is asking the Trump administration to investigate its allegations that competitors are evading tariffs by underreporting the value of their imports. The company claims that competitors in Thailand, South Korea, and Vietnam started decreasing the customs value of numerous appliances back in June as tariffs loomed. Whirlpool has shared its concerns with the administration and directly with foreign competitors like Samsung and LG, emphasizing that trade policies only level the playing field if all companies adhere to the rules."], ["20250915", "Chinese EV manufacturer Xpeng has initiated its first European production line through a collaboration with Magna Steyr in Austria, aiming to begin serial production of its smart EVs in Q3 2025. This strategic move allows Xpeng to bypass EU tariffs on China-made EVs by manufacturing locally. The partnership involves producing Xpeng's G6 and G9 SUVs at Magna's plant and includes the development of new models at Xpeng's R&D center in Munich, despite a recent recall of some P7+ models due to a steering issue."], ["20250915", "FTI Consulting offers comprehensive tax services to guide businesses through complex tax regulations, ensuring optimal outcomes and mitigating risks in areas like growth, restructuring, and transactions. Their global team provides strategic advisory and structuring solutions across various industries, including business tax, transaction tax, restructuring tax, real estate tax, transfer pricing, indirect tax, cross-border tax, tax operations and transformation, and employment tax. FTI Consulting emphasizes industry-specific expertise, senior-level involvement, and an unbiased, solution-oriented approach to maximize client benefits."], ["20250915", "Chegg has agreed to pay $7.5 million and will be subject to a permanent injunction to settle FTC allegations regarding unlawful subscription cancellation practices. The FTC accused the ed-tech firm of deliberately obstructing consumers' attempts to cancel subscriptions, violating both the FTC Act and ROSCA. This case highlights the FTC's increasing enforcement against \"dark patterns\" in subscription services, signaling a broader crackdown on difficult cancellation processes across the recurring revenue economy."], ["20250915", "Congresswoman Valerie Foushee (NC-04) has sent a letter to Oshkosh Defense, demanding answers regarding significant production delays in the delivery of Next Generation Electric Delivery Vehicles for the USPS. The contract, intended to electrify a major portion of the USPS fleet, has faced scrutiny following reports of only 93 trucks delivered by November 2024, far short of the initially expected 3,000. Rep. Foushee is seeking clarification on delivery numbers, timelines, and the manufacturing challenges contributing to these delays, emphasizing the importance of this project for cost reduction, American manufacturing, and environmental benefits."], ["20250915", "The for-profit company GEO Group, which operates Pennsylvania's largest immigration detention center, has seen a significant increase in monthly revenues due to President Trump's immigration enforcement campaign. Monthly fees for the Moshannon Valley Processing Center have jumped by hundreds of thousands of dollars, reflecting a growing detainee population and increased fixed costs. This surge in payments has sparked outrage among activists, while clearfield County officials note concerns about the facility and the broader immigration system, but acknowledge they may lack the power to close the center."], ["20250914", "The VOO ETF has shown an 18% return in the past year and trades at a P/E ratio of 9.4x, suggesting undervaluation with a fair value near $949 per share. While the ETF benefits from potential Fed rate cuts and fiscal stimulus, it faces vulnerability from inflation, particularly a 2.9% year-over-year CPI, and tariff-driven shocks affecting its heavily weighted technology and consumer sectors. Despite these risks and stretched valuations (S&P 500 P/B of 5.3x), VOO is rated a Buy due to its diversification, low expense ratio, and long-term compounding benefits."], ["20250914", "A lawsuit has been filed against Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ: CHTR) and its executives for alleged federal securities law violations. The lawsuit claims Charter misled investors about the impact of the Affordable Connectivity Program's (ACP) termination on its customer base and earnings. Investors are urged to contact Bleichmar Fonti & Auld LLP by October 14, 2025, if they suffered losses, as the company's stock declined significantly when the true impact of the ACP's end was revealed."], ["20250912", "Hudson Technologies Inc. has partnered with the DC Sustainable Energy Utility (DCSEU) to launch a pioneering refrigerant recovery and reclamation pilot program in Washington, D.C. This initiative aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by incentivizing HVAC contractors to recover refrigerants instead of venting them, offering training, logistics support, and financial rewards. The program aligns with DCSEU\u2019s focus on total GHG reductions and supports a circular refrigerant economy while benefiting local businesses and the environment."], ["20250912", "Gevo, Inc. submitted comprehensive recommendations to the Treasury and IRS regarding the implementation of the Section 45Z Clean Fuel Production Credit, as amended by the \"One Big Beautiful Bill Act\" (OBBBA). The company emphasizes the importance of incorporating USDA's technical guidelines for biofuel feedstocks to credit farmers' emission reductions, using \"gallon equivalent\" for ATJ SAF based on energy density, and allowing emissions rates less than zero for fuels derived from animal manure feedstocks. Gevo also pushed for changes in how distinct manure types are accounted for, the removal of indirect land use change (iLUC) emissions from calculations, and clarity on qualified sales through intermediaries."], ["20250912", "Franco-Nevada Corporation has reached a settlement with the Canada Revenue Agency regarding tax disputes from 2013-2019, eliminating Canadian tax on foreign earnings for those years, adjusting service fees, and reversing penalties. This resolution provides financial certainty for Franco-Nevada's global growth, allowing the company to focus on portfolio expansion. Analysts currently rate the stock as a Hold with a C$215.00 price target, while TipRanks' AI Analyst Spark gives it an \"Outperform\" rating, citing strong financial health and a favorable outlook despite high valuation metrics."], ["20250912", "Electra Battery Materials is closer to opening North America's first cobalt refinery in northern Ontario, thanks to a $17.5 million pledge from the province. This funding will support the development of this significant project. The refinery is expected to play a crucial role in the cobalt supply chain."], ["20250912", "Capital One has filed a lawsuit against the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. (FDIC) challenging a $474.1 million special assessment fee. The bank claims the FDIC incorrectly included a $56 billion intercompany position as uninsured deposits, arguing the correct assessment should be $325 million. This fee was imposed by the FDIC to replenish its Deposit Insurance Fund after the 2023 failures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank."], ["20250912", "Jim Vena, CEO of Union Pacific, discussed an $85 billion rail merger with President Trump, and during this meeting, Vena's comments about crime in Memphis prompted Trump to deploy military power to the city. Vena also mentioned the proposed merger would create an \"American transcontinental railroad\" and was well-received by the administration, despite opposition from unions and energy companies."], ["20250912", "Australia's first and largest LNG plant, Woodside's North West Shelf project, has received final approval to operate until 2070, following a nearly seven-year process. The approval comes with 48 conditions aimed at reducing gas emissions and mitigating environmental impact, particularly on local Aboriginal rock art. This decision secures energy supplies but faces criticism from environmentalists and Pacific neighbors concerned about climate change and the site's pollution levels."], ["20250911", "The article highlights the T. Rowe Price Intermediate Municipal Income ETF (TAXE) as a notable option for investors seeking tax-exempt income. It emphasizes TAXE's active management approach, which leverages T. Rowe Price's research capabilities to select intermediate-maturity municipal bonds, including high-yield munis. This active strategy has reportedly led to outperformance compared to its passive peers and offers a competitive yield, making it an attractive choice for tax-conscious investors."], ["20250911", "Vince Holding reported a 1.3% decrease in total net sales for Q2 FY25, reaching $73.2 million, primarily due to a reduction in wholesale revenue. Despite the sales drop, the company saw an improvement in gross profit margin and a significant increase in net income and adjusted EBITDA. For Q3 FY25, Vince anticipates flat to 3% net sales growth."], ["20250911", "The Pentagon has awarded a $181.1 million contract to Tutor Perini Corp. and its Guam subsidiary to construct a self-powered missile defense site on Guam. This project is part of a larger $8 billion Enhanced Integrated Air and Missile Defense system designed to counter missile threats from China and North Korea. The defense system will comprise 16 sites across Naval Base Guam, Andersen Air Force Base, and Marine Corps Base Camp Blaz, falling under the Pacific Deterrence initiative to counter China's military buildup."], ["20250911", "Amy B. Mansue has been unanimously elected to the Board of Directors of New Jersey Resources, effective November 1, 2025. Mansue, currently president and CEO of Inspira Health Network, brings extensive experience from both the healthcare sector and public service, including roles in state government. Her appointment is expected to strengthen the board and provide valuable insights for the company's strategic positioning."], ["20250911", "MPLX LP has announced that its 2024 Schedule K-3 tax packages are now available online via its website. These documents are crucial for foreign unitholders, investors calculating foreign tax credits, and certain corporate and partnership unitholders for their specific international tax reporting needs. The company will not mail physical K-3 packages but offers electronic access online or by phone request."], ["20250911", "This article introduces a timeline chart detailing the tax credits and benefits under the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA), emphasizing its impact on the energy sector. It highlights the need for utilities to understand changes and deadlines for clean energy tax credits to plan effectively for the future. The accompanying paper outlines five actions utilities can take to navigate this new policy landscape successfully."], ["20250911", "Bank of America has downgraded its recommendation for Cibest (formerly Bancolombia) shares from \"neutral\" to \"underperform,\" setting a target price of $52,290 against a current trading price of $59,880. This decision is primarily based on Colombia's \"changing economic and political landscape,\" including potential impacts from US Federal rate cuts, fiscal concerns exceeding government targets, and market uncertainty due to a proposal by President Gustavo Petro regarding pension fund international investments."], ["20250911", "TOYO reported a modest 0.7% revenue increase in H1 2025, reaching $139 million, driven by strong output from its new Ethiopian solar cell factory, which is set to double capacity to 4 GW by October 2025. Despite a decline in gross profit margin due to higher raw material costs, the company is optimistic about its prospects, with confirmed orders for its Ethiopian factory covering 4 GW of production through H1 2026. TOYO has also strategically acquired the VSUN brand and is redirecting Vietnam production to non-US markets to mitigate tariff risks, expecting higher solar cell shipments and revenues for 2025."], ["20250911", "Immigrant detainees have started arriving at the West Tennessee Detention Facility, operated by CoreCivic Inc., in Mason, Tennessee, despite strong objections from residents and activists. The facility, a former prison, was reopened after President Donald Trump reversed an order by President Joe Biden to stop renewing contracts with certain detention centers. While local officials and CoreCivic highlight the potential for new jobs and economic development in the struggling town, critics from the ACLU and others raise concerns about potential detainee mistreatment, citing CoreCivic's history of fines and lawsuits."], ["20250911", "Emergent BioSolutions Inc. announced a $56 million contract modification to supply its ACAM2000\u00ae vaccine for smallpox and mpox to the U.S. government. Deliveries are expected to begin in September 2025, bringing the total projected sales for ACAM2000\u00ae this year to over $120 million. The vaccine, approved by the FDA for smallpox in 2007 and mpox in August 2024, aims to strengthen public health preparedness."], ["20250911", "Representative Tim Moore from North Carolina has placed a significant bet on a stock market downturn by purchasing up to $150,000 worth of Direxion Daily Small Cap Bear 3X Shares (TZA), a leveraged ETF designed to profit from declines in small-cap stocks. This action has reignited debates about stricter limits on personal investments for lawmakers and raised concerns about potential conflicts of interest, despite similar trading by other public figures not leading to substantiated insider trading accusations. The timing coincides with broader economic concerns like trade wars and slower job growth, intensifying public distrust in politicians' financial activities."], ["20250911", "Michigan utility customers experienced the nation's longest power outages in 2023, averaging 12 hours to restore power, according to a report by the Citizens Utility Board of Michigan (CUB). The CUB report highlights DTE Energy and Consumers Energy as primary contributors to this poor performance, which significantly worsened when \"major event days\" were included. While the Michigan Public Service Commission (MPSC) states reliability improved when excluding major events, CUB argues this presents a \"rosier picture\" that doesn't reflect actual customer experience, criticizing the utilities for high rates and executive bonuses despite poor service."], ["20250911", "Travelers has launched a new multi-year initiative called Risk. Regulation. Resilience. Responsibility. under its Travelers Institute. This program aims to address challenges in insurance availability and affordability by engaging various stakeholders, including policymakers, agents, and consumers, through educational events and resources. The initiative seeks to develop solutions for a marketplace facing issues due to environmental, economic, and societal changes, and will begin with an in-person event on September 16 in St. Paul, Minnesota, with additional events scheduled in October and December."], ["20250910", "International Paper's decision to close four pulp and paper mills in Coastal Georgia has sent shockwaves through the local economy, particularly impacting the timber industry. The closures, which include facilities in Savannah and Riceboro, are expected to lead to significant job losses, a drastic reduction in timber prices, and far-reaching economic consequences for businesses and communities in Southeast Georgia. State officials are actively seeking solutions and examining the impacts to support affected workers and strengthen the region's forestry industry."], ["20250910", "A class-action lawsuit filed in Arkansas alleges that Globe Life routinely cancels small \"burial\" life insurance policies when claims are submitted, by conducting extensive reviews to find pretexts for denial. The lawsuit claims this practice is illegal in Arkansas since 2011, as the state law requires a causal relationship between undisclosed health conditions and the cause of death for policy rescission. The suit highlights the case of Donna Hartley, whose death claim was denied after Globe Life cited undisclosed health conditions not causally linked to her death."], ["20250910", "Cigna's COO, Brian Evanko, stated that its PBM, Express Scripts, is prepared for upcoming reforms in the pharmacy benefit management industry. Evanko believes their business model will remain durable due to their focus on affordability and clinical programs. He emphasized that while the industry needs to evolve, Cigna is engaging with lawmakers and expects any changes to be manageable, particularly since they focus more on the commercial market."], ["20250910", "Wells Fargo CEO Charles Scharf believes there is \"more downside than upside\" for the U.S. economy due to the struggles of lower-income consumers. While corporations and higher-income individuals are thriving, data indicates that lower earners are \"living on the edge\" with balances below pre-pandemic levels. Scharf also noted that despite strong overall economic indicators, job creation is being dampened by caution among businesses reacting to trade policies and other uncertainties."], ["20250909", "California legislators are considering paying Valero Energy between $80 million and $200 million for maintenance to prevent the closure of its Benicia refinery, which is currently slated to shut down by April. This move comes as the state shifts its policy posture towards refiners, walking back plans for profit caps and with Governor Newsom encouraging regulators to maintain in-state fuel supply. The Benicia Mayor has stated that the closure would result in a significant budget shortfall for the city."], ["20250909", "Asset Entities shareholders have approved a merger with Strive Enterprises, leading to the creation of a bitcoin-focused digital asset treasury company named Strive, Inc. The combined entity will continue trading under the ticker ASST on Nasdaq. The merger, initially announced in May, aims to maximize Bitcoin per share for investors and pursue distressed Bitcoin claims."], ["20250909", "The Trump administration is reportedly spending millions to reopen a private prison in California City, California, as an immigration detention center. Immigrant rights activists are warning that the facility, run by CoreCivic, is operating illegally and could endanger detainees, with some comparing it to the infamous \"Alligator Alcatraz.\" The facility was reactivated despite failing a fire inspection and facing legal challenges regarding public notice and permits."], ["20250909", "Montrose Environmental Group (NYSE: MEG) is working on over 30 projects to help chemical manufacturers prepare for the U.S. EPA's Hazardous Organic NESHAP Maximum Achievable Control Technology (HON MACT) regulation. This rule, finalized in 2024, mandates stricter controls on hazardous air pollutants like ethylene oxide to significantly reduce cancer risks. With key compliance deadlines starting in mid-2026, Montrose is providing end-to-end services, including fenceline monitoring, stack testing, and compliance program development, to ensure clients meet these new environmental responsibilities."], ["20250909", "Fermi America, a company co-founded by former Energy Secretary Rick Perry, has filed for an IPO and is seeking a Department of Energy loan for its \"HyperGrid\" campus near Amarillo, Texas. This massive project aims to build one of the largest data center complexes, powered by a mix of gas, nuclear, solar, and batteries, primarily for artificial intelligence operations. The company plans to secure 1 gigawatt of power by the end of next year and envisions eventually generating 11 gigawatts, with nuclear capacity starting in 2032."], ["20250908", "The Sacramento City Council is set to vote on renewing its $2.6 million contract with ShotSpotter, a gunshot detection system active in the city since 2015. The technology uses microphones to detect gunshots and alert police, with proponents highlighting its role in quicker response times and evidence gathering. Critics, however, question its cost-effectiveness, especially given that only a small percentage of ShotSpotter activations involve a corresponding 911 call from the public."], ["20250908", "Hasbro Inc. is relocating the primary headquarters for its toy, board game, and licensing businesses to Boston from Pawtucket, Rhode Island. This move will bring at least 700 employees to a new facility in Boston's Seaport District by the end of 2026, boosting the city's business district and Massachusetts' investment initiatives. Hasbro's gaming and digital operations will remain in Renton, Washington."], ["20250908", "Hasbro, the international toy and entertainment holding company, announced its decision to relocate its Rhode Island operations from Pawtucket to Boston's Seaport District. This strategic move aims to accelerate innovation, attract top talent, and drive long-term growth, with at least 700 full-time employees expected to relocate by the end of 2026. The move has been welcomed by Massachusetts Governor Maura Healey, while Rhode Island Governor Dan McKee expressed his belief that the Ocean State remains the best place for Hasbro."], ["20250908", "Argentine stocks trading on Wall Street experienced significant drops in premarket trading following Javier Milei's electoral defeat against Peronism in Buenos Aires. Investors reacted with uncertainty despite Milei's attempts to calm markets and reassure them about the continuity of his economic program. Financial and energy sector companies, including Grupo Financiero Galicia (GGAL), YPF, and Vista, saw considerable losses, reflecting concerns over the implications of the election results on future structural reforms."], ["20250908", "Raytheon, an RTX business, has been awarded a $205 million contract by the U.S. Navy for the continued production, upgrades, conversions, overhauls, and related equipment for the Phalanx Close-In Weapon System (CIWS). This system is a critical last line of defense for U.S. Navy ships and those of 24 allied nations, designed to protect against anti-ship missiles and other close-in threats. Work on this contract is expected to continue through 2029 at sites including Louisville, Ky."], ["20250907", "The U.S. Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) has retracted a tariff waiver for Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) and canceled its Validated End-User program. This means TSMC and similar companies will now require a special license to export chipmaking technology to China, aiming to level the playing field with U.S.-owned fabricators. President Trump also announced new tariffs on semiconductors from companies that do not produce them domestically, encouraging U.S. manufacturing."], ["20250907", "Oklo Inc. is set to invest $1.68 billion in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, creating over 800 nuclear energy jobs. This investment will establish the state's first privately funded fuel recycling facility, aiming to convert used nuclear fuel into a clean, reliable energy supply. The project is supported by Governor Bill Lee, Senators Marsha Blackburn and Bill Hagerty, and U.S. Representative Chuck Fleischmann, and involves collaboration with the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA)."], ["20250907", "Two new ETFs, the Unusual Whales Subversive Democratic ETF (NANC) and the Unusual Whales Subversive Republican ETF (KRUZ), track the stock trades of U.S. members of Congress. While these funds offer a unique investment strategy, their short track records show mixed performance, with the Democratic ETF slightly outperforming. The article suggests that traditional index funds like the Vanguard S&P 500 ETF might be a safer and more established investment option."], ["20250906", "The U.S. government, under the Trump administration, has taken a rare 10% equity stake in chipmaker Intel, converting previous grants into ownership. This unprecedented move outside of a direct economic crisis is driven by competition with China and the global race for artificial intelligence, aiming to bolster domestic high-end microchip manufacturing. While analysts see Intel (INTC) as the U.S.'s best bet in this sector, concerns remain about potential political pressures and inefficiencies stemming from government involvement."], ["20250906", "The U.S. government is taking a rare 10% equity stake in Intel, becoming its largest single shareholder. This move, spearheaded by the Trump administration, is driven by the desire to boost domestic chip manufacturing for AI and national security amid competition with China, rather than an economic crisis. While analysts see Intel as the best U.S. option to regain leadership in high-end chip production, government involvement carries risks of political fallout and inefficiency, potentially impacting the company's business decisions."], ["20250906", "Jim Cramer highlighted Martin Marietta Materials (NYSE: MLM) as a beneficiary of federal infrastructure spending, noting its stock had risen 38% since April lows. He mentioned the company provides aggregates, cement, and concrete for construction, infrastructure, and industrial uses. While acknowledging MLM's potential, the article suggests that some AI stocks may offer higher and quicker returns."], ["20250905", "This article explains how family and friends can contribute to a child's 529 college savings plan, detailing various methods such as direct contributions, recurring gifts, or opening separate accounts. It further discusses the implications of different account ownership types (parent-owned, student-owned, grandparent-owned) on financial aid eligibility and tax benefits. The piece emphasizes the importance of utilizing gifting platforms like Ugift\u00ae for easy contributions and highlights key considerations regarding gift taxes and coordination among accounts."], ["20250905", "The MLB Players Association and DraftKings have reached a settlement in a lawsuit filed by the union alleging the gambling company illegally used players' names, images, and likenesses to promote prop bets. The terms of the settlement were not disclosed, but it follows similar swift settlements with FanDuel and the dismissal of a case against Bet365. This resolution marks another instance of the MLBPA actively protecting its members' NIL rights."], ["20250905", "Republican Rep. Tim Moore, while publicly supporting Trump's economic policies, has invested up to $245,000 in a fund that profits when the stock market's Russell 2000 index falters. This \"bear\" market bet represents a shift from his earlier investments in a \"bull\" market fund. Moore's trading activity and previous disclosure violations highlight ongoing concerns about congressional stock trading, with government watchdog groups advocating for a ban on lawmakers trading individual stocks."], ["20250905", "Shares of Stanley Black & Decker (SWK) jumped 2.7% after positive investor reaction to the ongoing success of the company's global cost-reduction program. This multi-year initiative, launched in mid-2022, aims to enhance profitability, cut inventory, and optimize the supply chain, with the company on track to achieve $2 billion in pre-tax run-rate savings by the end of 2025. Despite the positive news, SWK stock is down 3% year-to-date and trading significantly below its 52-week high."], ["20250905", "Dominion Energy is proposing a rate increase for residential customers in Virginia, adding $10.51 a month by 2027, primarily due to higher material costs and rising power demand. Concurrently, the company seeks to establish a new rate class for large power users like data centers to ensure fair payment for their high energy consumption and to safeguard against infrastructure costs. The State Corporation Commission is reviewing these proposals, facing pushback from public witnesses struggling with current costs and from other high-load customers concerned about the new rate structure."], ["20250905", "Lululemon Athletica Inc. (NASDAQ: LULU) reported its Q2 2025 earnings, beating EPS expectations but falling short on revenue guidance, leading to a reduction in full-year revenue and earnings forecasts. The company attributes this primarily to underperformance in the U.S. market, driven by stale product offerings in lounge and social categories, increased tariffs, and the removal of the de minimis provision. Lululemon plans to reaccelerate growth by increasing new styles, enhancing agility in its go-to-market process, and strategic investments, with the most significant impact expected in 2026."], ["20250905", "Campbell's is facing increased input costs due to tariffs on steel, aluminum for soup cans, and imported Rao's sauce, impacting its profitability. The company expects tariffs to be about 4% of the cost of products sold in fiscal year 2026, with mitigation strategies aiming to offset about 60% of this impact. Despite these challenges, Campbell's reported increased net earnings and sales for fiscal year 2025, largely driven by the acquisition of Sovos Brands, Inc."], ["20250904", "Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) released its Form 10-Q report for the third quarter, detailing financial performance and operational highlights. The company reported $1,769 million in revenues and $127 million in net income, a 57% increase year-over-year, largely due to an IRS audit settlement and improved contract profitability. SAIC highlighted its strategic positioning in national security, engineering, and IT solutions, with ongoing focus on innovation and leveraging new government funding opportunities despite competitive pressures."], ["20250904", "Oklo Inc. announced plans to build and operate a fuel recycling facility in Tennessee as the first phase of an advanced fuel center, representing an investment of up to $1.68 billion and creating over 800 jobs. This facility will be the nation's first privately funded plant to recycle used nuclear fuel into fuel for advanced reactors like Oklo\u2019s Aurora powerhouse. The project aims to reduce costs, establish a secure U.S. fuel supply, and convert nuclear waste into clean electricity, positioning Tennessee as a hub for advanced nuclear energy."], ["20250904", "The article discusses how a blended workforce model, combining dedicated state employees with contractor teams and intelligent automation, can create scalable and resilient State Unemployment Insurance (UI) programs. This approach helps states adapt to surges in demand, maintain program integrity, improve efficiency, and potentially save taxpayer money. Maximus provides examples of its work in supporting UI programs across numerous states, demonstrating the effectiveness of this model in situations like pandemic-related surges and clearing backlogs."], ["20250904", "Luxfer Gas Cylinders is supplying high-capacity hydrogen storage systems for the HyHaul project, which aims to create the UK\u2019s first dedicated hydrogen mobility corridor along the M4. This partnership with Reynolds Logistics involves deploying Luxfer\u2019s G-Stor\u00ae Hydrosphere Multiple Element Gas Containers, designed for efficient hydrogen transport. The project, backed by over \u00a330 million in government funding, will deploy 30 hydrogen fuel cell HGVs and three new refuelling stations, with a long-term goal of expanding to 300 vehicles by 2030."], ["20250904", "Johnson & Johnson is making a $2 billion investment to expand its manufacturing operations in North Carolina, creating approximately 120 new jobs. The company explicitly attributed this expansion to recent pro-growth, pro-manufacturing tax legislation. This investment reinforces J&J's commitment to U.S. manufacturing and was celebrated by the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM)."], ["20250904", "Virco Mfg Corp experienced a revenue shortfall in its second quarter due to decreased demand for school furniture, missing analyst expectations. Despite the sales slump and a drop in operating and net income, the company maintained strong gross margins of 45.2%, signaling efficient cost control. The stock is currently trading at a discount, making it potentially attractive to investors despite the lack of forward-looking guidance from management."], ["20250904", "General Motors plans to scale back production of its Chevy Bolt and Cadillac electric vehicles starting in December, anticipating lower demand following the September 30 expiration of federal EV tax credits. Despite record EV sales in August, the company is adopting a cautious approach to avoid overproduction and plans to balance its EV ambitions with profitability by increasing production of large pickups and SUVs. This adjustment represents a moderation of CEO Mary Barra's initial fully electric lineup goal by 2035."], ["20250904", "Amkor Technologies is moving its planned $2 billion semiconductor advanced packaging and test facility to a larger 104-acre site in north Peoria, Arizona, after securing an amended land swap agreement from the city. This relocation follows earlier pushback from residents and intends to meet market demands and increased project scope, with production expected by early 2028. The facility, which received $407 million in CHIPS and Science Act funding, will largely support Apple, packaging and testing chips produced by TSMC."], ["20250903", "Weyerhaeuser Company has finalized the sale of its lumber mill in Princeton, British Columbia, to the Gorman Group. The transaction, announced in May, also includes the company's associated British Columbia timber licenses. Weyerhaeuser received approximately $60 million for the lumber facility and expects to receive the remaining proceeds from the timber licenses transfer, bringing the total deal value to roughly $86.4 million."], ["20250903", "Shentel's CEO, Ed McKay, highlighted that pole attachment disputes and permit processing delays are hindering the company's fiber buildout and will likely impact participants in the $42.45 billion federal BEAD program. McKay noted that power companies are overwhelmed and attempting to pass all costs onto broadband providers, potentially pushing out completion dates for BEAD projects. The company is also looking to refinance its debt of over $700 million by issuing asset-backed securities later this year or early next year."], ["20250903", "M&T Realty Capital Corp. has provided $44.8 million in financing for 247 Hancock, a 47-unit mixed-income housing project in Boston's Dorchester area. The financing includes a Freddie Mac unfunded forward commitment, a construction loan, and a tax credit equity investment, with M&T Bank handling the latter two components. The project, slated for early 2027 completion, will offer studio, one-, two-, and three-bedroom units along with amenities such as a fitness studio, tenant lounge, and rooftop deck."], ["20250903", "Amgen plans to invest over $600 million in a new science and innovation center at its US headquarters in Thousand Oaks, California. The facility, set to begin construction in Q3 2025, aims to foster collaboration among scientists and engineers, using automation and digital tools to accelerate therapeutic discoveries for severe diseases. This investment builds on Amgen's previous capital expenditures in manufacturing and R&D, facilitated by favorable tax policies, and will create hundreds of jobs."], ["20250903", "The Florida Office of Insurance Regulation (OIR) has levied over $2 million in fines against eight property insurance companies for claims-handling violations, including improper adjuster appointments and failure to provide required disclosure statements. Commissioner Michael Yaworsky emphasized the OIR's commitment to ensuring proper claims handling, especially during hurricane season. This action follows previous fines against other carriers for similar infractions, highlighting ongoing regulatory scrutiny of the Florida insurance market."], ["20250903", "Koss Corporation reported a wider fiscal fourth-quarter 2025 loss per share of 2 cents, compared to 1 cent in the prior year, despite a 6.6% increase in net sales to $3.1 million. The company's full fiscal year 2025 saw revenues rise to $12.6 million, with net loss slightly narrowing. Strong export growth and direct-to-consumer sales offset domestic weakness, though impending tariffs on Chinese imports are expected to pressure future margins."], ["20250903", "Macy's Inc. reported its first sales growth in 12 quarters, primarily driven by improvements at its namesake stores, Bloomingdale's, and Bluemercury. CEO Tony Spring attributed this progress to enhanced staffing, visual merchandising, and localized assortments. However, the company expects tariffs to negatively impact its gross margin in 2025, particularly in Q4, despite efforts to mitigate these costs."], ["20250902", "Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) announced a 2.1% decrease in residential electric rates effective September 1, leading to an average monthly bill reduction of about $5 for typical customers. This decrease is attributed to the completion of wildfire safety projects and company-wide cost savings. Additionally, residential electric customers will receive a $58.23 California Climate Credit in their October billing cycle, with gas rates also seeing a slight decrease."], ["20250902", "Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) announced a 2.1% decrease in residential electric rates effective September 1, leading to an approximate $5 reduction in typical monthly bills. Additionally, residential electric customers will receive a $58.23 California Climate Credit in their October billing cycle. This rate decrease comes as PG&E completes wildfire safety projects and implements cost-saving measures, going against a national trend of rising electric prices."], ["20250902", "NioCorp Developments announced that three of its critical minerals \u2013 niobium, dysprosium, and terbium \u2013 have been elevated to higher urgency status by the U.S. government. Niobium, its top target metal, is identified as posing the second-highest threat to U.S. GDP if foreign access is limited. The company believes its polymetallic Elk Creek Project is one of the most strategic critical mineral assets in the U.S., with all major minerals designated as critical, and is fully permitted for construction."], ["20250902", "Emergent BioSolutions (NYSE: EBS) has secured a $30 million contract modification from BARDA to supply its FDA-approved two-dose anthrax vaccine, CYFENDUS\u00ae. Deliveries for this contract are expected between late 2025 and March 2026, building upon a previous $50 million modification from December 2024. CYFENDUS\u00ae is crucial for national security as it addresses anthrax, classified as a Tier 1 biological threat."], ["20250902", "Uranium Energy Corp (UEC) has established a new subsidiary, United States Uranium Refining & Conversion Corp. (UR&C), to explore developing a new US uranium refining and conversion facility. This initiative aims to reduce reliance on foreign suppliers and support the national goal of increasing US nuclear generating capacity. The proposed facility would be the largest in the USA and aligns with federal policy to create a vertically integrated nuclear fuel supply chain in the country."], ["20250902", "Amgen plans to invest $600 million in a new science and innovation center in Thousand Oaks, California, reinforcing its presence in Southern California. This move is part of a broader trend where pharmaceutical companies are increasing U.S. research and production facilities to mitigate the effects of import tariffs and strengthen the domestic drug supply chain. The U.S. life sciences real estate market is experiencing a significant surge as drugmakers invest billions in new projects, supported by efforts from federal agencies to streamline development."], ["20250902", "Franklin Templeton predicts that yields on 30-year UK bonds will exceed 6% by the end of the year, driven by declining investor confidence in the nation's fiscal stability. This forecast comes as long-dated gilt yields have already reached 5.69%, their highest point since 1998. The firm's outlook suggests continued pressure on the UK bond market."], ["20250902", "ZIM Integrated Shipping Services Ltd. (NYSE: ZIM) has provided an update on the withholding tax procedures for its September 9, 2025 cash dividend. The company's previously obtained tax ruling from the Israeli Tax Authority allows certain shareholders to be eligible for a reduced Israeli withholding tax rate under specific terms and conditions. Shareholders are urged to consult their tax advisors and submit required documentation to the appointed agent, IBI Trust Management, by October 8, 2025, to benefit from the reduced rate."], ["20250902", "IperionX (NASDAQ: IPX) plans to dramatically expand its U.S. titanium production, targeting a 7x increase to 1,400 metric tons per year by mid-2027, positioning itself as America's largest and most cost-effective titanium powder producer. This expansion, backed by a $47.1 million DoD award and $101 million in existing cash, aims to reduce unit costs from $55/kg to $29/kg. The company's long-term goal is to achieve over 10,000 tpa by 2030, making titanium components cost-competitive with stainless steel and aluminum."], ["20250902", "One month after a disappointing Q2 earnings report, Lockheed Martin has shifted its focus from damage control to improving operational execution, cutting its 2025 earnings guidance while reaffirming free cash flow guidance. The company is emphasizing increased oversight of its Aeronautics and Rotary & Mission Systems programs and exploring new revenue sources like \"Golden Dome\" contracts to drive future growth. Despite some Wall Street bullishness, analysts note the company has been an underperformer in a growing defense market, facing challenges with on-time delivery."], ["20250901", "The Wynnewood Refinery, operated by CVR Energy, has received hardship relief from the EPA regarding its obligations under the Renewable Fuel Standard. This relief includes full waivers for 2019 and 2021, and 50% waivers for 2020, 2022, 2023, and 2024 compliance periods. The decision could significantly reduce the refinery's renewable fuel credit obligations by hundreds of millions of Renewable Identification Numbers (RINs)."], ["20250901", "The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) Office of Environmental Management (EM) awarded five basic ordering agreements (BOAs) for nationwide low-level and mixed low-level commercial waste treatment services. These BOAs have a five-year ordering period and will be utilized by all DOE offices, including EM and the National Nuclear Security Administration, as well as DOE contractors and subcontractors. The awarded companies include EnergySolutions LLC, NAC Philotechnics Ltd., Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc., Veolia Nuclear Solutions Federal Services LLC, and Waste Control Specialists."], ["20250901", "Hyliion Holdings Corp. recently held its Q2 earnings call, revealing a mix of optimism due to a new 30% investment tax credit and successful partnerships, alongside challenges from financial losses and delayed commercialization of its KARNO Power Module. Despite reporting a net loss of $13.4 million in Q2 2025 and adjusting its 2025 revenue forecast down, the company remains financially stable and is making progress in product development. Strategic agreements and continued financial support position Hyliion for potential future success, requiring careful navigation through current hurdles."], ["20251001", "Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) saw its shares jump 6.8% due to dual catalysts: the imminent imposition of 100% tariffs on pharmaceutical imports by October 1st, encouraging investment in US-based pharma, and impressive Phase 3 trial results for its pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) drug, Winrevair. The drug demonstrated a 76% reduction in clinical worsening events for PAH patients. While acknowledging MRK's potential, the article suggests AI stocks might offer greater returns with limited downside risk."], ["20251001", "Union Pacific CEO Jim Vena stated that President Trump \"sees the value\" in Union Pacific's proposed $85 billion acquisition of Norfolk Southern, a deal Vena calls \"good for America.\" The acquisition, if approved by the Surface Transportation Board (STB), would create America's first transcontinental railroad. Union Pacific plans to formally file papers for the acquisition by late October, amidst recent changes Trump has made to the STB board."], ["20251001", "Tesla's sales decline is projected to slow, with an estimated delivery of 439,600 vehicles in Q3, a 5% year-over-year drop but an improvement from the first half of 2025. This stabilization comes amid an aging product lineup, expiring U.S. EV policies, and increased competition in key markets, especially China and Europe. Analysts note mixed prospects, with Q3 potentially seeing a boost from earlier tax credit expirations but warning of possible Q4 declines."], ["20250930", "Shares of U.S. drugmakers rose after President Donald Trump announced that Pfizer would cut prescription drug prices in the Medicaid program in exchange for tariff relief, with expectations that other drugmakers will follow. This development is seen by analysts as a positive turning point for the sector, potentially removing the \"worst-case scenario\" concerns regarding drug pricing policies. Eli Lilly and other major pharmaceutical companies also saw their stock prices increase following these announcements and related discussions about accelerated drug reviews."], ["20250930", "Alcon Laboratories Inc. has secured an incentives package of up to $6 million from the Fort Worth City Council for a potential factory expansion. This expansion could involve relocating two manufacturing lines from Europe, representing an estimated $186 million investment and creating 241 new full-time jobs. To receive the full grant amount, Alcon needs to meet the investment target by the end of 2028."], ["20250930", "President Trump announced a deal with Pfizer to sell its drugs directly to consumers at discounted prices through a new federal website, TrumpRx.gov. This initiative aims to align U.S. drug prices with those in other developed countries, with Pfizer agreeing to charge the same price for new drugs globally and offer direct-to-consumer discounts of 50% on average. However, critics suggest the deal may be \"window dressing\" as discounts are based on high list prices and primarily benefit patients without insurance."], ["20250930", "Shares of several \"Research Tools & Consumables\" companies, including Bruker, Agilent, Revvity, Avantor, and Bio-Techne, jumped after reports of a potential drug-pricing agreement between the White House and the pharmaceutical industry. The market's positive reaction suggests investors see the voluntary agreement as a way to reduce regulatory uncertainty despite pricing controls typically being a headwind. Avantor, specifically, saw a 5.5% jump, though it has been volatile and is significantly down year-to-date."], ["20250930", "Shares of several pharmaceutical and healthcare-related companies, including AbbVie, AMN Healthcare Services, LeMaitre, Waters Corporation, and Organon, jumped following reports of a potential drug-pricing agreement between the White House and the pharmaceutical industry. The market's positive reaction suggests investors perceive this voluntary agreement as a resolution to regulatory uncertainty, despite the general headwind that price controls can present. The article also provides a detailed look into AMN Healthcare Services, highlighting its volatility and recent analyst downgrades."], ["20250930", "The FCA is consulting on updates to its Handbook to support targeted financial assistance for consumers, following a previous consultation. Aegon has expressed concerns that the proposal to signpost targeted support from March could be premature and confuse customers, as many firms may not yet be ready to offer such services. The latest consultation aims to refine proposals and ensure effective interaction with existing rules and the wider regulatory framework."], ["20250930", "Algoma Steel Group Inc. is set to receive $500 million in government loans, with $400 million from the federal Large Enterprise Tariff Loan program and $100 million from the Ontario government. This financial assistance aims to help Algoma Steel shift its business model away from reliance on the U.S. market, which has been impacted by President Donald Trump's 50% steel tariffs. Minister Patty Hajdu emphasized that supporting the domestic steel industry is crucial for Canadian sovereignty and nation-building projects, especially as the company transitions to more energy-efficient electric arc furnace steelmaking."], ["20250930", "22nd Century Group, Inc. has announced its strong support for the FDA's proposed \"Tobacco Product Standard for Nicotine Yield of Cigarettes and Certain Other Combusted Tobacco Products.\" The company, which specializes in Very Low Nicotine Content (VLNC) products, projects that the standard could prevent 4.3 million deaths and save $600 billion annually by addressing nicotine addiction. This proposal, backed by over 75 health organizations, aims to significantly reduce nicotine levels in tobacco products, potentially transforming the industry within two years."], ["20250930", "Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla has agreed to lower prescription drug costs for Medicaid and participate in the TrumpRx website as part of a deal with President Donald Trump. This agreement aims to provide most-favored-nation pricing to Medicaid and offer drugs at significant discounts through the new platform, potentially impacting state budgets and uninsured patients. The deal also includes a commitment from Pfizer to invest $70 billion in domestic manufacturing facilities, following threats of tariffs by the Trump administration."], ["20250929", "Wolfspeed shares surged by over 1,700% after the company emerged from bankruptcy and canceled all previously issued stock. Old shareholders are set to receive a pro rata share of new stock, and the company's ticker symbol remains WOLF. The significant increase is attributed to speculative investors believing the worst-case scenario is priced in, and the company's silicon carbide technology shows promise for high-voltage applications."], ["20250929", "Frank Holmes argues for a $7,000 gold price target, potentially by the end of President Trump's second term, citing accelerating global debt, fiscal imbalances, and constrained monetary policy. He draws a historical parallel to 1971 when the U.S. dollar was unpegged from gold, leading to unchecked government spending and a massive increase in national and global debt. Holmes highlights gold's role as a finite asset and ultimate hedge against monetary mismanagement, recommending a 10% portfolio weighting in gold."], ["20250929", "Amgen plans to invest $650 million to expand its US manufacturing network, primarily focusing on its Juncos biologics production facility in Puerto Rico. This investment aims to scale up drug production, incorporate new technologies, and create 750 new jobs. The move reinforces Amgen's commitment to US biomanufacturing and is supported by favorable tax reforms."], ["20250929", "Gold prices surged above $3800 per Troy ounce on Monday, setting a 37th new all-time benchmark high for 2025, while silver also hit fresh highs. This spike is attributed to increased awareness among Western institutional investors and hedge funds about the risk of not holding gold, coupled with strong demand through ETFs and concerns over a potential US government shutdown. Despite the iShares Silver Trust ETF (SLV) shrinking, gold ETFs saw significant inflows, swelling their bullion backing by almost 100 tonnes in September."], ["20250929", "The gun industry received a boost after the Commerce Department rescinded Biden-era controls on firearm, ammunition, and scope exports, easing foreign sales restrictions for U.S. gun makers. This policy change is expected to reduce bureaucratic hurdles and the \"presumption of denial\" for exporting to certain countries. Following the news, shares of gun-related companies like Sturm, Ruger & Co and Smith & Wesson saw increases."], ["20250929", "Cannabis stocks experienced a significant surge after former President Donald Trump shared a video endorsing the inclusion of cannabidiol (CBD) under Medicare coverage. Major cannabis companies like Tilray Brands, Canopy Growth, Cronos Group, Aurora Cannabis, and Trulieve Cannabis saw their shares jump between 13% and 36%. The video, produced by The Commonwealth Project, advocates for wider CBD access for seniors, potentially easing concerns in the cannabis sector regarding US drug policy shifts."], ["20250929", "Kellanova, formerly The Kellogg Company, paid to remove 20 RVs from its property in San Jose after occupants, displaced from Columbus Park, sought refuge there. The company took action following a lack of city support for the removal, highlighting ongoing challenges in managing homeless relocation and the need for coordinated housing solutions. This incident led to discussions between Mayor Matt Mahan and Supervisor Betty Duong for a new partnership to integrate city and county housing services."], ["20250929", "NRG Energy has secured a $562 million loan from the Texas Energy Fund for its new Baytown power plant, which is expected to cost $936 million. This plant will add 721 megawatts of power generation capacity to ERCOT, representing more than half of the capacity the Texas Energy Fund has supported statewide."], ["20250928", "This article summarizes a bullish thesis on Calumet, Inc. (CLMT), highlighting its diversified specialty chemicals and fuels businesses, particularly the potential for its Montana/Renewables (MRL) segment. Catalysts for MRL include political support for biofuels, capacity expansion, and favorable regulatory conditions, which could significantly increase its EBITDA and drive the company's valuation. The analysis suggests a substantial upside from current stock levels, despite risks like unfavorable regulatory decisions and high leverage."], ["20250928", "Bally's Corp. has unveiled plans for a 500,000-square-foot entertainment district adjacent to the future A's baseball stadium in Las Vegas. The development will include retail, dining, entertainment venues, and a 3,000-room hotel-casino, with construction beginning in 2026. Chairman Soo Kim emphasized a focus on non-gaming revenue and anticipates some venues will open before the stadium's 2028 debut."], ["20250927", "The 10-year contract for the Northwest ICE Processing Center in Tacoma is up for renewal, prompting lawmakers to demand transparency due to ongoing human rights concerns. Both ICE and GEO Group (the private company operating the facility) declined to comment, but GEO Group executives discussed lucrative future contracts for detention centers, supported by increased congressional funding. Lawmakers, including Rep. Jayapal and Rep. Randall, are pushing for accountability and access to information regarding the facility's operations and contract details amidst reports of inadequate care and violations of human rights."], ["20250927", "Midland College's Petroleum Professional Development Center (PPDC) is expanding scholarship opportunities for energy industry professionals thanks to a $35,000 grant from the Dawson Geophysical Scholarship Fund. The article lists a variety of upcoming courses offered at the PPDC, including safety orientations, land basics, contract marketing, geology, and technical software training, many of which are free or offer out-of-state pricing. Training topics range from basic life support and H2S clear training to advanced courses in reservoir engineering and AI."], ["20250927", "Brazilian banks, including Banco Santander Brasil SA ADR (NYSE: BSBR), are under regulatory scrutiny following inquiries from the U.S. Treasury Department regarding compliance with the Magnitsky Act. The inquiry, characterized as generic and standard, was sent to several major Brazilian banks. This highlights Washington's efforts to ensure foreign financial institutions adhere to compliance expectations."], ["20250926", "Ozon Holdings PLC completed its re-registration to Russian jurisdiction, becoming MKPAO \"Ozon\" and establishing itself in the Kaliningrad region. Trading of its ordinary shares is expected to resume before the end of 2025, following shareholder approval and consent from the Cypriot regulator. This move follows a decision by Ozon shareholders to change jurisdiction from Cyprus to Russia."], ["20250926", "Mesoblast Ltd (NASDAQ:MESO, ASX:MSB) has confirmed that its lead cell therapy products, including Ryoncil\u00ae, are manufactured in the United States and are thus exempt from potential new tariffs on imported pharmaceuticals proposed by President Donald Trump. This U.S. country of origin designation, under FDA and Customs guidance, provides insulation from the threat of 100% tariffs on foreign-produced medicines. Despite a softer market session for healthcare stocks, Mesoblast's shares were down only slightly, reflecting the company's secure domestic supply chain."], ["20250926", "This Zacks Analyst Blog highlights earnings expectations for NIKE, Wolverine World Wide, Steven Madden, and Adidas. It focuses on NIKE Inc.'s upcoming Q1 fiscal 2026 results, detailing the company's \"Win Now\" strategy, revenue and earnings estimates, and the anticipated impact of new U.S. tariffs. The article also discusses NIKE's market performance relative to competitors and its long-term growth prospects versus short-term challenges."], ["20250926", "President Donald Trump imposed a 100% tariff on imported branded and patented pharmaceutical products, effective October 1, 2025, causing an immediate shockwave through global markets and leading to a significant drop in pharmaceutical stock prices and ETFs. This tariff, part of a broader push to encourage domestic manufacturing, raised concerns about increased costs, supply chain disruptions, and potential medicine shortages. While the long-term goal is to boost U.S. drug manufacturing, the immediate future is expected to see heightened cost pressures on companies, potential price increases for consumers, and financial distress for smaller biopharma firms."], ["20250926", "The U.S. is intensifying its efforts to secure a domestic lithium supply, highlighted by the potential government equity stake in Lithium Americas' Thacker Pass mine, which sent the company's stock soaring. This move addresses a critical supply shortage necessary for the nation's clean energy transition and electric vehicle goals, despite the U.S. holding significant lithium reserves. The article discusses the challenges and strategic importance of federal involvement in developing a stable domestic lithium industry amidst global competition and price volatility."], ["20250925", "The U.S. government's cyber defense agency has issued urgent guidance to federal agencies regarding hackers exploiting a previously unknown vulnerability in Cisco security devices. The Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) has mandated that agencies account for, scan, and update affected Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance (ASA) 5500-X Series devices due to a widespread and sophisticated campaign. Cisco has linked the malicious activity to the cyberespionage group ArcaneDoor, which researchers have tied to China."], ["20250925", "Kansas regulators have approved a $128 million rate increase for Evergy, despite the company originally requesting $196.4 million. The utility states the increase is necessary to cover costs associated with replacing aging equipment and improving grid reliability. Residential customers in the Evergy Kansas Central area, including cities like Topeka and Wichita, can expect an average monthly increase of $8.47 starting in October."], ["20250925", "Bristol Myers Squibb announced it will sell its psoriasis drug Sotyktu directly to cash-paying U.S. patients at an over 80% discount to its list price, reducing the monthly cost to $950. This program, bypassing traditional pharmacy benefit managers and insurers, targets uninsured or underinsured patients and comes amid pressure from the Trump administration to lower drug costs. Bristol Myers Squibb and Pfizer also offer their blood thinner Eliquis at a significant discount directly to patients."], ["20250925", "PSEG Long Island has been awarded a five-year extension through December 31, 2030, by the LIPA Board of Trustees to continue operating the electric grid on Long Island and in the Rockaways. PSEG, a subsidiary of PSEG, has successfully operated the grid since 2014, demonstrating improvements in reliability, worker safety, customer satisfaction, and low rate increases. This extension will need approval from the New York State Comptroller and the New York State Attorney General."], ["20250925", "Goldman Sachs executives Anthony Gutman and Kunal Shah are confident that a resurgence in European infrastructure spending and dealmaking will fuel the bank's growth in the region. They anticipate a significant increase in mergers, initial public offerings, and financing activities as European economies invest billions in defense and infrastructure modernization."], ["20250925", "Ferroglobe PLC (GSM) is poised to benefit significantly from protectionist trade policies currently implemented or under consideration in the U.S. and EU, a potential upside not yet fully reflected in its stock price. The company's integrated operations and regional presence allow it to capitalize on existing tariffs and antidumping duties, with an upcoming EU safeguard decision on November 19 acting as a key catalyst. While risks like policy delays and cost inflation exist, GSM's strong financial position with zero net debt and operational leverage offers substantial growth potential."], ["20250924", "This article from T. Rowe Price emphasizes the significant benefits of maxing out IRA contributions, especially by contributing early in the year. It highlights how early contributions allow for greater tax-deferred, compound growth, potentially leading to thousands of extra dollars over the long term. The piece also details 2025 IRA contribution limits and income thresholds for Roth and Traditional IRAs, stressing that consistent, early contributions enhance retirement security and diversify savings portfolios."], ["20250924", "An Argentine federal court has rejected a new attempt to close the investigation into alleged bribes paid by Odebrecht for gas pipeline extensions, specifically regarding \"Transportadora de Gas del Sur\" (TGS) and \"Transportadora de Gas del Norte\" (TGN) projects. Marcio Faria Da Silva, a former Odebrecht executive who confessed to bribe payments in Brazil, sought to have the case dismissed due to prescription. However, federal judge Mar\u00eda Eugenia Capuchetti ruled that the statute of limitations had not expired, primarily because some of the accused held public administration positions until 2020, thus suspending the deadlines."], ["20250924", "SAP and OpenAI have partnered to launch \"OpenAI for Germany,\" a new initiative designed to bring advanced AI technology to Germany's public sector. This collaboration, supported by SAP's Delos Cloud and Microsoft Azure, aims to provide AI solutions that meet strict data sovereignty, security, and legal standards. The project intends to help German public sector employees improve efficiency, automate processes, and aligns with Germany's national AI ambitions and \"Made for Germany\" initiative."], ["20250924", "Shares of Lithium Americas Corp. nearly doubled after reports emerged that the U.S. government is considering acquiring an equity stake in the Canadian mining company. Lithium Americas is developing a significant lithium deposit in Nevada, essential for battery production. This proposed government investment underscores the strategic importance of securing domestic critical mineral supplies."], ["20250924", "Vanguard Renewables has partnered with CenterPoint Energy in Minnesota to develop a new anaerobic digestion facility in Meeker County. This facility will convert organic waste into approximately 270,000 MMBtu of renewable natural gas (RNG) annually, supporting CenterPoint Energy's clean energy goals and providing a lower-carbon energy source for 930,000 customers. The project aims to boost local economic development, create jobs, and reduce greenhouse gas emissions by diverting food and beverage waste from landfills."], ["20250924", "Brookfield Renewable Partners (BEP) offers a stable investment with sustainable dividend growth and long-term capital preservation, contrasting with riskier high-yield alternatives. The company, 48% owned by Brookfield Corporation, focuses on renewable assets and maintains value through consistent asset sales and rising FFO/share, despite fluctuations in IFRS net income. This article suggests BEP is a sound option for investors seeking reliable returns in the renewable energy sector."], ["20250924", "U.S. President Donald Trump's recent comments at the United Nations, labeling green energy as \"stupid\" and a \"scam,\" caused clean energy ETFs to tumble, with the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN) losing about 3.5% and the Invesco WilderHill Clean Energy ETF (PBW) retreating about 2.5%. Despite the short-term volatility and policy changes under the current administration, the long-term viability of the renewable energy industry remains solid due to underlying economic and technological drivers and recent interest rate cuts. The article highlights several U.S.-focused clean energy ETFs that, despite recent dips, show strong year-to-date performance, suggesting a potentially bumpy but ultimately robust future for the sector."], ["20250924", "Lithium Americas stock surged 95% after reports that the Trump administration is seeking an equity stake in the Canadian miner. This move is part of renegotiations for a $2.2 billion loan for the Thacker Pass mine in Nevada, aiming to create a cash buffer and reduce taxpayer risk. The Thacker Pass mine, a joint venture with General Motors, is expected to become a major source of lithium in North America."], ["20250923", "Soligenix, Inc., a Princeton-based biopharmaceutical company, has appointed Tomas J. Philipson, PhD, former White House Economic Adviser, as its new strategic advisor. Dr. Philipson, an expert in US economic and healthcare policy, will bring extensive experience and high-level relationships to Soligenix as the company advances its lead product candidate, HyBryte\u2122, and other rare disease pipeline programs toward commercialization. Both Dr. Philipson and Soligenix's CEO expressed enthusiasm for this collaboration and the support it will provide in navigating the policy environment and achieving market approvals."], ["20250923", "The imminent closure of the International Paper mill in Savannah, a major water consumer, will temporarily ease the city's water strain but will not deter a planned $502 million water system expansion. This expansion is critical due to Savannah's rapid growth, the potential for another water-intensive industry at the mill site, and the needs of the new Hyundai EV factory. Officials emphasize that the upgrades are necessary for long-term water security despite the mill's closure."], ["20250923", "The Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) is crucial for students seeking financial assistance for college, helping them access federal loans, grants, and work-study programs. The article explains what FAFSA is, when to apply, the types of aid available, and how financial aid is determined using the Student Aid Index (SAI). It also details the application process and the specific tax and financial information required."], ["20250923", "Alcoa CEO Bill Oplinger has warned that the Trump administration's 50% tariff on aluminum imports will destroy demand for American metal, contrary to claims that it would revitalize the industry. He stated that the tariff rate has resulted in an annual expense of about $850 million for Alcoa, with higher prices ultimately being paid by American customers or shareholders. Oplinger emphasized that it's \"hard to envision a situation where aluminum is systematically 50% more in the U.S. without some type of demand destruction.\""], ["20250923", "Kenvue Inc. (NYSE:KVUE) shares dropped to a new all-time low after President Donald Trump linked autism to Tylenol use during pregnancy in an extraordinary White House conference. Trump advised pregnant women and parents to avoid over-the-counter painkillers, specifically Tylenol, sparking a strong rebuttal from Kenvue defending its product's safety."], ["20250923", "Kenvue Inc. (KVUE) shares recovered some losses after initially falling due to President Trump's statements linking Tylenol to autism. Investors had anticipated stricter regulations, but the administration's announcement was less severe than feared, leading to a \"better-than-feared outcome.\" The administration plans to update Tylenol warning labels and run a public service campaign, while Kenvue emphasized the importance of consulting health professionals."], ["20250923", "This report by the Private Equity Stakeholder Project (PESP) details the increasing involvement of private equity and venture capital firms in the Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE). It analyzes the potential risks associated with these for-profit entities entering a sector historically dominated by nonprofits, particularly highlighting financial strategies like debt-funded acquisitions and their impact on patient care, such as seen in the case study of InnovAge. The report also examines the interplay between private equity investments and Opportunity Zones, calling for greater oversight and transparency to protect the integrity of PACE programs and the well-being of elderly participants."], ["20250923", "The article discusses the challenges faced by post-acute care providers like Enhabit and Compassus due to Medicare Advantage prior authorizations. It highlights how these authorizations are stymieing their operations and suggests a growing battle line in the healthcare industry over this issue. The piece briefly mentions other healthcare topics like hospital outpatient pay cuts, AI in prior authorizations, surgical robot upgrades, and a CEO stepping down, though these are listed as \"Featured Stories\" and not the main focus."], ["20250922", "Kenvue, the maker of Tylenol, has publicly refuted former President Donald Trump's assertion that acetaminophen causes autism, stating that scientific evidence clearly disproves this link. Following Trump's comments, Kenvue's shares dropped by 7.5%, resulting in a $2.6 billion reduction in its market value. The company highlighted that government regulators worldwide, including the FDA, have published scientific reviews confirming no causal relationship between acetaminophen and autism."], ["20250922", "The Hardin County Commissioners Court accepted bids for road materials and emulsions, awarding multiple vendors to ensure supply and quality. The court approved options for local pickup and alternate delivered sources to address potential issues and maintain responsiveness. Staff was authorized to proceed with the awarded vendors and the approved alternate and delivery arrangements."], ["20250922", "The local UOM (Uni\u00f3n Obrera Metal\u00fargica) in San Nicol\u00e1s has accused several contractors of Ternium of unfair labor practices, prompting conciliation hearings by the Buenos Aires Ministry of Labor. The union alleges that delegates were denied entry to the plant and faced salary deductions, viewing these actions as attempts to curb union representation. The conflict remains unresolved, with the UOM continuing protests for the respect of union rights."], ["20250922", "Louisiana has approved significant tax breaks and natural gas turbines to power Meta's massive new data center, despite public criticism regarding increased energy bills and water shortages. Critics also point out that the agreement does not explicitly guarantee local, full-time jobs, and the construction of the transmission line will be paid for by utility customers, not Meta. The deal is expected to bring a $10 billion investment and 300 to 500 \"full-time equivalent\" jobs, but stipulations for local hiring and job quality are loosely defined."], ["20250922", "A US Delaware court has approved an $8 billion bid from Elliott Management's subsidiary, Amber Energy, for Venezuela's CITGO, a critical foreign asset. This decision marks a significant step towards the forced sale of the refiner to satisfy creditor claims against Venezuela. The sale, however, could still face appeals and requires US government approval."], ["20250922", "SolarEdge, a leader in solar inverter solutions, is at a crucial point, experiencing significant stock momentum but facing challenges from tariff headwinds and volatile financial performance. The company's strategic shift toward domestic manufacturing and expansion into C&I and utility-scale markets offers growth opportunities, but it must navigate ongoing policy uncertainties and intense competition. Analyst price targets vary widely, reflecting the complex market dynamics SolarEdge is currently facing."], ["20250922", "Bristol Myers Squibb (BMS) plans to charge the same price for its new schizophrenia drug Cobenfy in the UK as it does in the US, an unusual move in response to potential US \"most favored nation\" drug pricing policies. This decision sets up a likely contentious review process with the UK's National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE), which is known for its strict pricing assessments. BMS stated it is prepared to withdraw the drug from the UK market if its value is not sufficiently recognized."], ["20250922", "Indian IT stocks, including TCS, Infosys, Wipro, Tech Mahindra, and HCLTech, experienced significant drops of up to 6% following the U.S. President Donald Trump administration's decision to raise the H-1B visa fee to $100,000. The Nifty IT index fell 2.65%, making it the worst-performing sectoral index. Analysts anticipate the financial impact of this fee hike to begin reflecting in the next fiscal year (FY27), primarily affecting earnings due to increased onsite wage inflation and the higher visa cost for new H-1B applications."], ["20250922", "Americans may be eligible for payouts up to $1,000 from four bank settlements involving Capital One, Credit One Bank, Wells Fargo, and Five Star Bank. These settlements address issues ranging from robocalls and mortgage forbearances to savings account interest rates and vehicle repossessions. Many of these settlements have looming October deadlines for claims or exclusions, with some offering automatic payments while others require specific actions from consumers."], ["20250922", "Mali has approved seven new agreements with international and local mining companies, increasing state revenue and ownership under a revised 2023 mining code. These deals cover major gold mines and a lithium project, granting Mali a guaranteed stake and priority access to dividends. This move is part of the military government's strategy to extract more income from the mining sector and assert resource nationalism."], ["20250922", "A federal judge in Arizona dismissed most of a 401(k) forfeiture complaint against WillScot Holdings Corp., ruling that the company did not violate its fiduciary duties by reallocating forfeitures. The court found that plan terms and law allowed WillScot to use forfeitures to reduce plan contributions. However, the plaintiff was given leave to amend a claim alleging a breach of the duty of prudence regarding the company's decision-making process."], ["20250922", "Long Beach-based California Resources Corp. (CRC) is set to acquire Dallas-based Berry Corp. in an all-stock transaction valued at $717 million, further solidifying CRC's position as California's largest oil producer. This acquisition, which follows CRC's purchase of Aera Energy last year, is expected to bring significant synergies, particularly in Kern County where both companies have substantial operations, and is bolstered by recent legislative changes favorable to in-state oil production and carbon management."], ["20250919", "This article highlights several stocks that made significant moves on a Friday, driven by various corporate and political developments. Oklo Inc. saw a surge due to a technology deal, Apple Inc. gained from strong iPhone 17 sales, and FedEx Corp. beat Wall Street expectations with its Q1 results. Conversely, Lennar Corp. shares fell after reporting a drop in Q3 profit, while AGM Group Holdings Inc. skyrocketed following the sale of a subsidiary."], ["20250919", "President Donald Trump has expressed support for the proposed $85 billion merger between Union Pacific and Norfolk Southern, stating it \"sounds good.\" This endorsement could expedite the regulatory approval process for the deal, which aims to create the first coast-to-coast single-line network in the U.S. freight rail industry. The merger, if approved, would reshape the highly concentrated market but faces resistance due to concerns about reduced competition."], ["20250919", "Perpetua Resources celebrated its Stibnite Gold Project advancing to development with state and federal officials, including Idaho Governor Brad Little and representatives from the U.S. Army and Department of Agriculture. The project, which received a conditional Notice to Proceed from the U.S. Forest Service, will produce America's only mined reserve of antimony, a critical mineral for national defense, and is backed by gold production. This initiative aims to address a critical minerals supply gap, clean up legacy contamination, and create jobs in rural Idaho."], ["20250919", "Reports indicate that a significant $2.3 billion federal loan for the Thacker Pass lithium mine in Nevada, approved under the Biden administration, is now being scrutinized by the Trump administration. This development has prompted Nevada Congressman Mark Amodei to intervene with the Department of Energy, while Governor Joe Lombardo continues to advocate for the project as crucial for the state's economic future. The viability of the project, which aims to make Nevada a leader in the lithium industry, now hinges on resolving concerns surrounding the loan and securing commitments from lead investor General Motors."], ["20250919", "UBS has reiterated its Buy rating on Edison International (NYSE: EIX) with a $66 price target, following the completion of the utility's rate case. The firm highlights positive catalysts such as the rate case outcome, expected reaffirmation of earnings guidance, and favorable wildfire legislation. Despite a recent downgrade by S&P Global Ratings and adjustments to the price target by UBS due to industry multiple changes, the stock is seen as undervalued with a strong dividend yield."], ["20250919", "Malian prosecutors have appealed a bail ruling for Barrick Mining Corp employees, keeping them jailed on allegations of money laundering, terrorism financing, and tax-related offenses. The dispute stems from Barrick's resistance to Mali's increased state royalties and equity stakes at the Loulo-Gounkoto gold complex, leading to asset seizures and international arbitration. This conflict reflects a broader trend of resource nationalism by junta-led governments in the region."], ["20250919", "The U.S. government has taken a 10% stake in Intel, a move that experts believe raises questions about its influence on other businesses and markets. This investment, unlike previous government interventions, is not to prevent an immediate corporate failure but to secure the supply of critical computer chips amid national security concerns. The decision has garnered both support and criticism, with debates centering on its economic implications and potential for politicization."], ["20250919", "The Progressive Corporation (PGR) saw its shares decline nearly 6% in the second quarter of 2025, according to Macquarie Core Equity Fund's investor letter. Despite this, Macquarie noted Progressive's leadership in direct sales of auto and home insurance and significant growth potential. The stock closed at $242.00 per share on September 18, 2025, with a market capitalization of $141.86 billion, and is popular among hedge funds."], ["20250918", "A recent lobbying disclosure reveals PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL INC spent $614,723 in Q1 2025 lobbying on various financial and tax-related issues. The article also details recent congressional and insider stock trading activities for PRU, as well as institutional investor movements and analyst price targets. This information offers a comprehensive overview of PRU's recent activities in lobbying, market trading, and analyst sentiment."], ["20250918", "ST Microelectronics has withdrawn its plans to lay off 1,500 employees at its Italian sites in Catania and Agrate, following massive protests and a dispute with the Italian government. This decision is part of an ongoing conflict between Italian and French government representatives, both stakeholders in the company. The company plans to reduce redundancies through expiring contracts and voluntary exits by 2032, with significant investments from Italian state funds still designated for the Agrate and Catania sites, aiming to make Catania a European silicon carbide hub."], ["20250918", "Playboy is requesting $200,000 annually for four years in incentives from Miami Beach. The company suggests it may reconsider its planned relocation of its global corporate headquarters to the city if these incentives are not approved. This potential move involves the Rivani office building."], ["20250918", "Exxon Mobil Corp. is calling for the repeal of a new European Union law, the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive, which its CEO warns could be \"bone-crushing\" for corporations. The directive aims to address human rights abuses and environmental standards, but critics argue it has become overly broad, mandating net-zero plans and applying to global supply chains outside Europe, potentially sparking US-EU trade tensions."], ["20250918", "Campbell Soup Supply Co. is accused of violating the Clean Water Act over 5,400 times by dumping pollutants including ammonia, E. coli, and phosphorus into the Maumee River from its Napoleon, Ohio plant. While Campbell admitted to the violations, it disputes their negative impact. A trial is expected next year to determine penalties, which may include waste emission reductions and financial sanctions."], ["20250917", "Fitch Ratings has placed Eversource Energy and its subsidiaries on \"rating watch negative\" due to concerns over a Trump administration stop-work order on the Revolution Wind offshore wind farm. Although Eversource sold its stake, it remains obligated for certain project costs and must ensure a 13% pre-tax internal rate of return for Global Infrastructure Partners. This order creates significant uncertainty and could lead to large cost overruns or abandonment, potentially resulting in a credit rating downgrade for Eversource."], ["20250917", "Viant Technology Inc. CEO Timothy Vanderhook sold 8,782 shares of Class A Common Stock for approximately $85,426 on September 15, 2025. This transaction occurred near the stock's 52-week low. Despite strong Q2 2025 earnings, analysts have adjusted price targets due to various factors."], ["20250917", "Jacobs has been selected by the Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer Authority (PRASA) to design the replacement of the Mayag\u00fcez Ocean Outfall, a critical part of strengthening Puerto Rico's water infrastructure. This project aims to replace a pipeline damaged by Hurricane Mar\u00eda with a more resilient solution built to withstand future natural disasters and reduce environmental impact. Jacobs will provide planning, permitting, and design services, leveraging its expertise in resilient infrastructure globally."], ["20250917", "Southern California Edison (SCE) is hosting a series of community workshops for its Wildfire Recovery Compensation Program, aimed at providing direct payments and fast resolutions to those affected by the Eaton Fire. The program, which will launch later this fall, covers various losses including homes, businesses, and physical injuries. These workshops, including both in-person and virtual sessions, are designed to gather participant input on the draft program details."], ["20250917", "Southern California Edison (SCE) is holding community workshops for its Wildfire Recovery Compensation Program, a voluntary claims program for those impacted by the Eaton Fire. These sessions, featuring design input from compensation fund experts Kenneth R. Feinberg and Camille S. Biros, aim to gather feedback on eligibility and valuation criteria before the program launches this fall. The program offers direct payments and fast resolutions, with options for quick settlement or more detailed review, and includes a Direct Claim Premium for certain claimants."], ["20250917", "DTE Energy Co. is leasing significant warehouse space in metro Detroit to store solar panels for current and future projects, driven by its commitment to cleaner energy and changes in tax credits. The utility is scaling up to deploy 700-800 megawatts of solar power annually, with panels stockpiled to safe harbor tax credits before a new bill takes effect. This demand for storage is a boon for the industrial real estate sector, which has seen a slowdown in other areas."], ["20250917", "GSK plans to invest $1.2 billion in new pharmaceutical manufacturing and R&D facilities in Upper Merion, Pennsylvania, and to upgrade existing plants in four states. This investment is part of a larger $30 billion commitment to its U.S. manufacturing and R&D infrastructure over the next five years, aligning with a broader trend of pharmaceutical companies increasing their U.S. manufacturing presence due to government onshoring efforts and the need for supply chain resiliency. Eli Lilly and Co. also announced a significant U.S. investment on the same day."], ["20250917", "Consumer Watchdog is urging California Governor Newsom to demand full bonding from California Resources Corp. (CRC) following its acquisition of Berry Corp. This is crucial to prevent taxpayers from bearing the costs of plugging and remediating oil wells. The organization cites past failures by regulators to adequately bond CRC after its acquisition of Aera Energy, which could leave taxpayers responsible for billions in environmental cleanup costs."], ["20250917", "NEOS Investments has launched the NEOS MSCI EAFE High Income ETF (NIHI), targeting investors seeking current income and tax efficiency, particularly as the year-end approaches. This ETF actively invests in underlying ETFs tracking the MSCI EAFE Investable Market Index and employs a call options strategy to generate high monthly income. NIHI aims to offer diversification and leverage an active approach for its call option strategy."], ["20250917", "BHP will suspend operations and cut 750 jobs at its Saraji South coking coal mine in Queensland, a joint venture with Mitsubishi, citing low prices and high state government royalties. The decision is a direct response to the combined impact of Queensland's \"unsustainable\" coal royalties and market conditions, despite strong medium-term demand for hard coking coal. This move follows a recent Federal court ruling that upheld pay rises under Australia's same-job same-pay regulations, which BHP had sought to delay."], ["20250917", "BHP Group Ltd. announced it will close its Saraji South coal mine in Queensland, Australia, resulting in approximately 750 job cuts. The decision is attributed to high state royalties and weak market conditions making low-margin operations unsustainable. The mine, a 50:50 joint venture with Mitsubishi Corp., will be placed on care and maintenance from November."], ["20250917", "General Motors is facing sharp criticism from Republican lawmakers and industry observers for its agreement with Contemporary Amperex Technology Co. Limited (CATL), a Chinese company producing electric vehicle batteries. Critics, including Rep. John Moolenaar, express concerns about national security, potential job losses in the U.S., and the deepening of ties with a firm linked to the Chinese Communist Party and possibly forced labor. GM defends the partnership as necessary for competitiveness in affordable EVs while planning future U.S. LFP battery production."], ["20250917", "Progressive Corp. anticipates a potential excess profit refund for its policyholders in Florida, where it is the largest personal auto insurer, due to state regulations requiring insurers to return profits exceeding statutory thresholds. Despite cutting auto rates twice and benefiting from tort reform, the company's CEO Tricia Griffith noted that profits could still exceed limits for 2023-2025, especially with a quiet hurricane season. This situation highlights the delicate balance insurers face in Florida's regulated market between profitability and compliance with consumer protection laws."], ["20250916", "Colgate-Palmolive will modify its toothpaste packaging and marketing to address concerns raised by Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton regarding fluoride use and children. Starting November 1, new depictions will show \"safe, age-appropriate amounts of toothpaste\" for children under six, moving from larger swirls to \"pea-sized\" amounts in line with label instructions. This change comes after Paxton initiated civil investigative demands to Colgate and Procter & Gamble over their marketing of fluoride to parents and children."], ["20250916", "This article explores the potential for the 10-year U.S. Treasury yield to reach 6%, driven by fiscal concerns, rising inflation, and global growth. Such a scenario would create a historic fixed income investment opportunity, allowing bonds to offer equity-like returns with less volatility. The authors recommend strategies like embracing a curve steepening bias, adding inflation-linked bonds, and using a global remit for diversification to navigate this evolving market."], ["20250916", "Donald Trump's proposal to reduce required financial reporting for publicly listed companies on the NYSE will directly affect Manchester United and its major shareholders. United currently reports four times a year, providing detailed financial insights, a practice that will be scaled back to twice a year if Trump's plan is implemented. This change could impact how investors like Lindsell Train, Ariel Investments, and Omega Advisors monitor the club's financial health, potentially saving the club millions in auditing costs."], ["20250916", "RTX Corp. has been awarded a $670.2 million contract modification for F135 propulsion system spares for the Joint Strike Fighter program. The contract involves RTX's Pratt and Whitney Military Engines division procuring initial spares for the F135 propulsion system, supporting various military branches and international partners. Additionally, a division of RTX, Raytheon Missiles and Defense, received an $8.4 million contract for evaluations and repairs of Universal Weapon Launcher system hardware."], ["20250916", "Goldman Sachs initiated coverage on Cameco Corp. (NYSE:CCJ) and Uranium Energy (NYSE:UEC) with \"Buy\" ratings, leading to a rise in Cameco's stock. The positive outlook for nuclear growth, supported by recent agreements like those for small modular reactors in the UK and comments from Energy Secretary Wright, is driving this optimism. Cameco also reported strong Q2 2025 results, exceeding earnings and revenue expectations, and has received positive ratings from other analysts."], ["20250916", "WillScot Mobile Mini Holdings Corp. successfully dismissed a lawsuit regarding its use of unvested 401(k) contributions forfeited by departing employees. The company joins a growing number of employers who have defeated similar allegations, which accuse companies of violating ERISA by using forfeited funds to reduce their own plan contributions rather than lowering administrative fees for workers."], ["20250916", "UBS is evaluating all possible responses to new capital requirements proposed by the Swiss government, which aim to tighten banking rules after the collapse of Credit Suisse. These proposals, particularly requiring full capitalization of foreign units, could make international growth more expensive for UBS. CFO Todd Tuckner emphasized the bank's commitment to the US market as foundational to its growth strategy, while reiterating UBS's desire to remain in Switzerland despite considering various mitigation strategies, including a potential headquarters relocation."], ["20250916", "Array Technologies, Inc. (ARRY) has been downgraded to \"Underperform\" from \"Neutral\" by BofA analysts, with a price target reduction to $7, due to concerns over new global tariffs in India and Mexico. Despite performing well in the first half of 2025 and delivering a 24.01% year-to-date return, the tariff impact has made the company's fiscal 2025 margin target appear unrealistic. Array Technologies specializes in solar tracking technology, and its future success hinges on a smooth turnaround and sustained growth despite sector consolidation and tariff pressures."], ["20250916", "Campbell's Soup Supply Company has admitted to violating the Clean Water Act at least 5,400 times between April 2018 and December 2024 by dumping wastewater into the Maumee River in Ohio. This admission is part of a joint lawsuit filed by the United States Environmental Protection Agency, Lake Erie Waterkeeper, and Environment Ohio. The dumped wastewater contained pollutants such as E. coli, oil, grease, and suspended solids, which are believed to contribute to toxic algae blooms in Lake Erie."], ["20250916", "Cantor Fitzgerald maintained its Neutral rating and $210.00 price target for Molina Healthcare (NYSE:MOH) after 2026 Marketplace rates were finalized across 15 states. The firm observed that most finalized rates aligned closely with payor proposals, although they were below initial expectations for over 30% increases. Despite political uncertainty and the upcoming expiration of premium-enhanced subsidies affecting the market outlook, Molina Healthcare received rates slightly higher than proposed, and the stock is considered undervalued according to InvestingPro data."], ["20250915", "The Justice Department argues that Halliburton Co.'s $11.4 million tax refund challenge should be dismissed because a parallel ruling has already rejected similar arguments. The DOJ highlights a July ruling that supported the IRS against an excise tax suit, claiming Halliburton cannot challenge a Treasury regulation without first doing so administratively. This prior ruling involved Trail King Industries Inc. and rejected its ability to challenge a regulation without prior administrative action."], ["20250915", "The Financial Data Transparency Act (FDTA) and structured business reporting are poised to revolutionize financial compliance by shifting from static, form-based filings to machine-readable, standardized data. This transition promises greater efficiency, transparency, and strategic opportunities for regulators and industry alike, requiring significant organizational changes, technological upgrades, and skill development. Organizations are encouraged to actively engage with policymakers and vendors to prepare for this data-driven future, transforming regulatory data into a strategic asset rather than a compliance burden."], ["20250915", "Comcast is suing the state of Washington to block a new law that imposes sales tax on advertising services, arguing it violates federal law by discriminating against internet-based advertising. The tax, set to take effect October 1st, is a key component of the state's budget, aiming to raise $2.7 billion over four years, with advertising services alone contributing nearly half a billion dollars. If Comcast succeeds, the state could face significant budget recalibrations, as the lawsuit highlights exemptions for traditional media and physical advertisements, while taxing streaming services."], ["20250915", "Amgen Inc. announced plans to invest over $600 million in a new, state-of-the-art center for science and innovation at its Thousand Oaks headquarters. This expansion aims to enhance collaboration among researchers and accelerate the discovery of next-generation therapeutics. The project is expected to create hundreds of jobs and builds on Amgen's substantial investments in manufacturing and R&D facilities globally."], ["20250915", "California Resources Corporation (CRC) is experiencing a positive market sentiment with its stock trading up by 7.09%, fueled by potential legislative boosts from California's Senate Bill 237 and Assembly Bill 881, which aim to streamline oil and gas permit approvals in Kern County. Analysts from BofA, UBS, and Roth Capital have raised CRC's price targets, anticipating significant growth as legislative changes could lead to increased production capacity and maintain its dominance in oil-rich Californian regions. The company's strong financial performance, evidenced by robust quarterly revenue of over $3.19 billion, high ROA and ROE, and solid EPS of 1.92, further supports this optimistic outlook despite commodity-driven headwinds."], ["20250915", "AstraZeneca shares fell by over 3% after Handelsbanken downgraded its rating on the drugmaker due to concerns about its ambitious revenue target. The Anglo-Swedish pharmaceutical company also paused a significant \u00a3200 million investment in its Cambridge research center, a move seen as a blow to the British government. This investment pause comes amid a broader trend of drugmakers pulling back on UK operations."], ["20250915", "C.H. Robinson has launched a new freight consolidation service for imports from Mexico, specifically targeting less-than-truckload (LTL) and automotive component freight. This AI-enabled service aims to reduce costs for shippers by up to 40% and provide earlier delivery insights through the use of bonded warehouses in Mexico, avoiding customs regulations and streamlining the crossing process. The company is leveraging AI to optimize shipping routes and consolidate freight, especially benefiting just-in-time manufacturers and helping mitigate the impact of recent tariffs."], ["20250915", "Workers at BJ\u2019s Restaurant & Brewhouse in Modesto are attempting to form the company's first union, primarily in response to a controversial tip-sharing policy. This policy requires servers and bartenders to pay about 4% of their total sales to other staff, potentially leading to out-of-pocket expenses for servers if customers don't tip. The unionization effort also aims to secure better wages for back-of-house staff and address broader workplace issues, with an election scheduled for September 26th."], ["20250914", "The closure of several International Paper mills in Georgia is severely impacting the state's logging industry, leading to job losses and significant revenue decreases. Logging businesses, like ML Forest products, are experiencing reduced production and longer transportation routes for their wood, while the Georgia Forest Association explores alternative uses for tree pulp to mitigate the economic fallout. The closures are projected to affect nearly 1,000 employees and result in a $3 billion loss in revenue for the state."], ["20250912", "Wisconsin energy customers are urging state regulators to block proposed electric rate increases from Alliant Energy, Xcel Energy, and Madison Gas and Electric (MGE) for 2026 and 2027. While Alliant and MGE have reached settlement agreements with advocacy groups to reduce their proposed hikes, Xcel Energy has not. Customers argue that the rate increases unfairly burden families already struggling with rising costs, forcing them to choose between essential utilities and other necessities like food and medication."], ["20250912", "Algoma Steel is lobbying the federal government for industry support and to discuss trade policy, regulations, and international agreements affecting Canada's steel sector amidst an ongoing trade war with the U.S. The company also seeks federal aid for workers impacted by economic uncertainty. This effort follows increased U.S. tariffs on Canadian steel."], ["20250912", "Union Pacific CEO Jim Vena met with President Donald Trump at the White House to discuss the proposed $72 billion acquisition of Norfolk Southern. Reports indicate the meeting went well. This engagement suggests Union Pacific is actively seeking regulatory clearance for the deal."], ["20250912", "Rumors surfaced about Nebraska and Werner Enterprises facilitating the recruitment of Kenyan truck drivers following a memorandum of understanding (MOU) between Nebraska and Kenya, and an earlier meeting between Werner and Kenyan officials. While Kenyan media reported the MOU targets truck drivers due to a supposed shortage, both Werner and Nebraska Governor Jim Pillen deny its involvement in such recruitment, with Werner stating no commitments were made and Pillen clarifying the MOU is non-binding and does not represent Nebraska's policy regarding driver licensure. Nebraska's Secretary of State's office maintains the MOU is general and does not specifically mention truck drivers, despite earlier quotes attributed to the Secretary suggesting a focus on CDL labor mobility."], ["20250911", "One year after its privatization, Sabesp has invested nearly R$11 billion towards universalizing basic sanitation in S\u00e3o Paulo, adding 874 km of networks and benefiting millions of people with access to treated water and sewage collection. The company is accelerating its goals, aiming to meet sanitation universalization by 2029 instead of 2033, driven by a significant increase in investments and execution in line with its IntegraTiet\u00ea program. This initiative includes major infrastructure works, expansion of treatment plants, and addressing sanitation needs in informal and rural areas, significantly improving public health and environmental quality."], ["20250911", "Centene Corp (NYSE:CNC) shares rose 12% after its CEO, Sarah London, announced an improved outlook at the Deutsche Bank Healthcare conference. Key factors include higher Medicare Advantage quality ratings and better-than-expected Medicaid results in July and August. The company also reaffirmed its 2025 adjusted earnings forecast of $1.75 per share, surpassing analyst estimates."], ["20250911", "Capital One has sued the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), alleging it was overcharged by $149.2 million on a special assessment related to the 2023 collapses of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The bank claims the FDIC incorrectly classified $56.2 billion in positions between two subsidiaries as uninsured deposits, leading to an inflated assessment of $474.1 million. Capital One, the sixth-largest U.S. commercial bank, is seeking a court declaration that it does not owe the disputed amount and has estimated it may need to set aside an additional $200 million for this matter."], ["20250911", "Rockwell Automation presented at Morgan Stanley's 13th Annual Laguna Conference, detailing a strategic shift to integrate software and consulting services with hardware. CEO Blake Moret highlighted growth opportunities, ongoing investments, and the impact of tariffs on capital expenditures. The company aims for above-market growth through market expansion, annual recurring revenue, and acquisitions, while focusing on continuous improvement and cost management to meet margin targets."], ["20250911", "Oxford Industries (OXM), parent company of brands like Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer, saw its stock jump over 20% after beating profit forecasts for Q2. The company reported adjusted earnings per share of $1.26, exceeding analyst estimates, although sales declined year-over-year. CEO Tom Chubb attributed the strong profit to proactive measures taken to mitigate tariff impacts and expressed optimism about positive comparable store sales performance in the third quarter."], ["20250911", "Citigroup CEO Jane Fraser anticipates a rebound in dealmaking activity as US companies gain confidence from clearer policy signals and the reduced likelihood of a recession. Fraser noted that clients are becoming \"much more active\" in capital markets, investing, and dealmaking due to greater clarity on taxes, tariffs, and deregulation. This indicates a positive outlook for economic activity despite previous uncertainties."], ["20250910", "Kokkie Kooyman of Denker Capital argues against the proposed merger of African Bank and Postbank to form a state-owned bank, citing African Bank's ongoing turnaround, management integration challenges, and the government's track record with state-owned entities. He stresses that state banks often become \"loyalty banks,\" leading to poor decisions paid for by taxpayers, and suggests that private sector expertise combined with government subsidies is a more effective approach to increasing financial accessibility."], ["20250910", "California's largest inland oil pipeline, operated by Crimson Midstream LLC, is at risk of shutting down due to significant financial losses and declining oil shipments. This potential closure would severely impact two Bay Area refineries, Valero Energy Corp.'s Benicia and PBF Energy Inc.'s Martinez plants, which rely on the pipeline for Central Valley crude. Crimson is seeking a 37% rate increase and other measures to avoid the shutdown, which would force refineries to import more ocean-borne crude and could lead to increased truck traffic for oil transportation."], ["20250910", "Asian equities, particularly Hong Kong, experienced a strong session, with the Hang Seng Index reaching a 52-week high. Mainland China's August inflation data missed expectations, though core CPI showed a positive trend. Bilibili surged after releasing news on its upcoming game, and Alibaba Group saw significant buying from mainland investors, launching a new \"Amap Street Stars\" feature."], ["20250910", "Zimmer Biomet Holdings (ZBH) saw its stock fall due to reduced guidance, which the Carillon Scout Mid Cap Fund attributes to dilution from a recent acquisition and potential tariff impacts. Despite solid earnings, the medical technology company also lost market share in knee replacements. The fund, however, views this as a temporary setback, anticipating a reversal with new product releases and tariff developments."], ["20250910", "California lawmakers are reportedly discussing a plan to provide Valero Energy Corp. with hundreds of millions of dollars to cover refinery maintenance costs. This bailout aims to prevent the planned closure of Valero's Benicia refinery, which could cause gas prices in California to skyrocket. The proposed deal reflects a shift in approach by California Democrats to keep the oil industry viable in the state to stabilize fuel costs while still pursuing a transition to electric vehicles."], ["20250909", "Shares of Synopsys Inc. experienced their worst single-day decline ever after the company issued a warning that US export restrictions are negatively impacting its sales in China, a key market for semiconductors. CEO Sassine Ghazi announced a refocusing of resources and a 10% reduction in headcount due to challenges in developing its own intellectual property in China."], ["20250909", "Fifth Third Bank has been selected by the Treasury Department as the financial agent for the U.S. government's Direct Express prepaid debit card program, reversing an earlier decision to award the contract to BNY Mellon. This five-year agreement aims to modernize the program, which serves 3.4 million unbanked Americans, by expanding digital features and mobile applications. The change comes as BNY Mellon cited \"readiness challenges involving one of the providers\" as the reason for the discontinued agreement."], ["20250909", "Kohl's is actively managing the uncertainties surrounding tariffs by implementing a diversified sourcing strategy, negotiating with vendors, and adjusting purchasing based on modeling to mitigate potential price increases for consumers. Despite a continued decline in sales, the company reported a significant increase in profit during the first half of the year compared to the previous year. Interim-CEO Michael Bender emphasized the company's flexibility to move production and monitor competitor pricing to remain competitive."], ["20250909", "AIDS Healthcare Foundation (AHF) is protesting Gilead Sciences over recent price hikes on HIV medications, which they claim negatively impact AIDS Drug Assistance Programs (ADAPs) and HIV patients. AHF highlights Gilead's alleged corporate greed through various actions including drug price increases, cuts to assistance programs, and patent manipulation. The protest is scheduled for September 10, 2025, at Gilead's Foster City headquarters."], ["20250909", "Emergent BioSolutions Inc. has secured a $56 million contract modification to supply its ACAM2000 vaccine to the U.S. government, with deliveries commencing this month. This contract boosts its total projected sales for ACAM2000 to over $120 million this year. Despite serious safety considerations for the vaccine, including risks of myocarditis and pericarditis, the company maintains strong financials with $851.6 million in revenue over the last twelve months and a \"GREAT\" financial health score, and its stock is currently considered undervalued."], ["20250909", "A US Republican lawmaker, Representative Zachary Nunn, has urged the Treasury Department to initiate a national security review of leading Chinese Bitcoin mining companies, Bitmain Technologies Ltd. and Cango Inc. Nunn expressed concerns about their opaque ownership structures, potential links to foreign state actors, and growing presence in the US Bitcoin mining sector. Bitmain is noted for controlling over 80% of the global Bitcoin mining hardware market."], ["20250909", "Japan is currently experiencing significant political instability, economic stagnation, and demographic challenges, which make broad investments like the iShares MSCI Japan ETF (EWJ) unattractive despite recent market declines. The country's ruling Liberal Democratic Party is facing declining approval and the rise of far-right influence, fueled by inflation, an aging population, and high government debt. While EWJ offers attractive valuation and dividend yield, the pressures on domestic demand and uncertain political leadership outweigh these positives, leading to a recommendation to avoid EWJ in favor of selective investments in globally-oriented Japanese companies."], ["20250908", "Joe Lonsdale, co-founder of Palantir Technologies, expressed discomfort with the federal government's decision to take an equity stake in Intel Corp., labeling it \"cronyism.\" This move, part of the U.S. CHIPS and Science Act and Secure Enclave program, has drawn criticism from some politicians and economists who warn against market distortions and unconstitutional actions. However, some, like Sen. Bernie Sanders, support the idea of taxpayers getting something in return for corporate welfare."], ["20250908", "Hasbro Inc. has officially announced its decision to move its headquarters from Rhode Island to Boston, occupying seven floors across 265,000 square feet at 400 Summer St. in the Seaport District. This move, which follows a relocation search that began last year, signifies a boost for Boston's recovering downtown and represents a latest win for Massachusetts in attracting major companies. Despite the relocation, Hasbro affirmed its strong ties and continued support for Rhode Island, particularly through its philanthropic efforts."], ["20250908", "The CEO of Barclays, CS Venkatakrishnan, has urged the UK government to prioritize investment over implementing a new windfall tax on banks. He argued that such a tax would harm a vital sector of the economy, as UK lenders employ about 10% of the population and already face higher tax rates compared to their US and European counterparts. Venkatakrishnan believes that fostering economic growth relies on investment rather than additional taxation on banks."], ["20250908", "Barclays CEO CS Venkatakrishnan has advised the UK government to prioritize investment over implementing a new windfall tax on banks. He warned that an additional tax could impede economic growth efforts and negatively impact a crucial sector that employs a significant portion of the UK population, noting that UK banks already face higher tax rates compared to their international counterparts."], ["20250908", "The government of Alfredo Cornejo has been denounced before the Supreme Court for allegedly favoring businessman Eduardo Elsztain regarding water management in Mendoza. The controversy centers on a resolution issued by Sergio Marinelli, head of the General Department of Irrigation, which authorized new water perforations for IRSA, a company owned by Elsztain, in an area previously restricted due to water vulnerability. Environmental lawyers and senators have criticized the decision, highlighting Mendoza's ongoing water emergency and raising concerns about administrative discretion and environmental impact."], ["20250908", "In a surprising turn of events, Intel CEO Lip-Bu Tan sold a 10% stake in the chipmaker to the US government, just weeks after former President Donald Trump called for his resignation due to alleged conflicts of interest with Chinese companies. Trump had accused Tan of having investments in firms tied to the Chinese Communist Party and PLA. The sale, valued at $8.9 billion, is intended to be a passive investment by the US government, funded by existing CHIPS Act grants and a Defense Department initiative."], ["20250908", "Indiana Governor Mike Braun has called for lower utility rates from investor-owned companies in the state, citing a significant increase in residential electric bills. Despite the governor's push and the involvement of a new ratepayer advocate, analysts are skeptical that this will lead to meaningful rate cuts or impact NiSource's plan to build power plants for data centers via a non-utility generating company. The situation highlights growing nationwide affordability concerns colliding with the demand for new power infrastructure."], ["20250908", "Jim Cramer advises caution on buying GE Vernova shares despite a \"buy-the-dip\" call from Goldman Sachs analysts. He suggests waiting for more clarity on how potential presidential policies, specifically regarding wind energy, might impact the company's sales. While acknowledging the strength of GE Vernova's gas turbine business, Cramer highlights the risks posed by political sentiment against wind power, which constitutes a significant portion of its revenue."], ["20250908", "Caterpillar's revenue declines are slowing, and Q3 guidance points to a return to growth, but profitability remains under significant pressure due to tariffs driving up costs. This has led to operating margin contraction, EPS declines, and reduced shareholder returns despite an improved demand outlook. Given the stock's multiyear high forward P/E and persistent tariff headwinds, the author maintains a sell rating."], ["20250908", "Hasbro Inc. announced its decision to move its headquarters from Pawtucket, Rhode Island, to the Boston Seaport by the end of 2026, despite efforts by Rhode Island officials to retain the iconic toymaker. The move is driven by Massachusetts' state tax incentives, robust public transportation, and partnerships with academic and business institutions. This decision will relocate 1,000 local jobs and establish a new 265,000 square feet office for corporate services, toys, board games, and licensing arms, while its digital gaming business remains in Renton, Washington."], ["20250908", "Google is investing over $1 billion to build a data center campus in West Memphis, Arkansas, spanning more than 1,000 acres and creating approximately 300 permanent jobs. The project, which includes five data center buildings, will be powered in partnership with utility company Entergy. This development is expected to significantly boost West Memphis's tax base and marks a notable tech expansion in the region."], ["20250908", "This page details efforts to hold Navient accountable for its alleged mismanagement and abuse in student loan servicing. It highlights significant legal actions, including a permanent ban by the CFPB from federal student loan servicing and a $100 million settlement, following a nearly $2 billion predatory lending action by state attorneys general. The content also showcases various news and blog posts related to Navient's activities, servicing changes, and its impact on student loan borrowers."], ["20250908", "Hasbro, Inc., one of the world's largest toy companies, announced its relocation to Boston's Seaport District from Pawtucket, Rhode Island. This move is expected to bring at least 700 full-time jobs to Massachusetts by the end of 2026 and could make Hasbro eligible for up to $14 million in tax credits. Massachusetts Governor Maura Healey and Boston Mayor Michelle Wu welcomed the relocation, highlighting the state's innovation and education as key attractors for the company."], ["20250906", "The Department of Defense (DoD), in coordination with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), has awarded a $1.74 billion agreement to Moderna, Inc. to purchase over 65 million doses of its COVID-19 vaccine. This acquisition aims to support a fall vaccination campaign, targeting SARS-CoV-2 Omicron subvariants as recommended by the FDA. This adds to a previous purchase of 105 million doses from Pfizer, bringing the total to over 170 million mRNA vaccine booster doses, with options for up to 600 million if demand requires."], ["20250905", "A class action lawsuit has been filed against Chewy in a U.S. District Court in Rhode Island, alleging that the pet supply company overcharged sales tax for customers enrolled in its \"Autoship\" program. The lawsuit claims Chewy calculated sales tax based on the full price of items rather than the discounted price for Autoship members. Customers who used the Autoship program from 2022 to the present may be eligible to join the class action."], ["20250905", "Tax, audit, and accounting firms are facing financial challenges due to rising costs and client demands for value, leading to a lack of confidence in pricing strategies. A Thomson Reuters Institute report suggests that leveraging data benchmarking and robust data infrastructure is crucial for firms to achieve confident pricing, move beyond outdated assumptions, and maximize their services' value. The article emphasizes that foundational technology systems are necessary for effective data-driven pricing and predictive decision-making in the future."], ["20250905", "A major US aluminum producer has increased production to full capacity. This decision was made amid President Donald Trump's tariffs, as reported by Fox News senior correspondent Steve Harrigan on 'America\u2019s Newsroom.'"], ["20250905", "Connecticut businesses are grappling with significant economic uncertainty stemming from labor challenges, rising costs, and evolving technologies, as discussed at CBIA\u2019s The Economy Conference, marking the release of their 2025 Survey of Connecticut Businesses. Key concerns include workforce shortages, increasing operational expenses, and the impact of federal and state policies. Experts emphasized the need for businesses to adapt, collaborate, and leverage technology like AI to navigate these challenging times."], ["20250905", "Sherwin Williams employees are losing their 401k match, a decision attributed to President Donald Trump's \"backwards policies and tariffs\" and a \"weak-kneed Congress.\" The article argues that these policies are crippling the economy, forcing companies like Sherwin Williams to cut spending. The \"Today in Ohio\" podcast crew also points fingers at President Trump for the company's decision."], ["20250905", "Argentina is embroiled in a legal dispute in New York over a judge's order to disclose ministers' WhatsApp messages and a comprehensive inventory of its assets related to the YPF expropriation case. Despite Argentina's arguments that complying would violate its laws and that the discovery process should only target seizable assets, Judge Loretta Preska is insisting on the full disclosure of communications and assets. This stems from a US$16.1 billion judgment against Argentina for failing to offer to buy out minority YPF shareholders during the nationalization in 2012, with the case currently under appeal."], ["20250905", "Jefferies downgraded NiSource (NYSE:NI) from Buy to Hold and lowered its price target to $44.00 from $48.00 due to increased political and regulatory uncertainty in Indiana, which accounts for a significant portion of NiSource's operations. Despite a strong dividend track record and \"GOOD\" financial health rating from InvestingPro, regulatory changes in Indiana are a key concern. The downgrade also follows NiSource's Q2 2025 earnings beat and a declared dividend, with other analysts maintaining more positive outlooks."], ["20250905", "Donald Trump has accused European countries of indirectly financing the war in Ukraine by continuing to purchase Russian oil, despite a reduction in imports since the war began. He emphasized the need for Europe to increase economic pressure on China, holding it accountable for funding Russia's war efforts. These comments come as Russia and China strengthen energy ties, while India faces U.S. tariffs for its continued purchases of Russian oil."], ["20250905", "Lockheed Martin has secured a historic $9.8 billion contract from the U.S. Army to produce PAC-3 MSE interceptors at its Grand Prairie facility. This significant deal is expected to transform missile production and profoundly impact the defense landscape in North Texas."], ["20250905", "Jim Cramer highlighted Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) as a beneficiary of federal infrastructure spending, noting its stock rally of 38% from April lows. Despite its potential, Cramer also suggested that other AI stocks might offer greater upside and less risk. The article mentions MLM's 16% gain since Cramer's August 2024 comment."], ["20250904", "Global defense spending, particularly in Europe, is experiencing a significant boom, reaching $2.7 trillion last year and projected to continue increasing. This trend highlights the potential of ETFs like the WisdomTree Europe Defense Fund (WDEF), which debuted recently and is poised to benefit from this \"supercycle\" in military spending. Germany is noted as a key driver of this increased spending, making up a significant portion of WDEF's geographic weight."], ["20250904", "Fashion brands are grappling with the lingering effects of tariffs and global supply chain costs, which are impacting their growth plans and margins. Despite these challenges, companies like Abercrombie & Fitch, Urban Outfitters, and Gap Inc. are preparing for the crucial holiday season with increased marketing investments and new product launches. The end of the de minimis import loophole is also a significant talking point, with larger brands suggesting it could benefit them by increasing costs for ultra-fast fashion competitors."], ["20250904", "Thousands of Ternium workers in San Nicol\u00e1s marched against layoffs and low wages, protesting the shutdown of the \"General Savio\" blast furnace and the precarious conditions faced by 1,200 subcontracted workers. The conflict, which includes accusations of \"misery wages\" and mass layoffs, has been ongoing for over two weeks and has garnered support from UOM leadership and political organizations, escalating tensions between the workers, the Techint Group, and the national government."], ["20250904", "The head of Canada's new federal Major Projects Office will earn a salary between $577,000 and $679,000 annually. Dawn Farrell, former CEO of TransAlta Corp. and Trans Mountain Corporation, has been appointed to lead the Calgary-based office, which aims to fast-track approvals for projects deemed to be in the national interest. Her salary is comparable to that of other Crown corporation CEOs, reflecting her extensive experience in the energy industry."], ["20250904", "Colombia's state-run energy company Ecopetrol is unable to acquire Venezuelan-owned fertilizer producer Monomeros or buy natural gas from Venezuela due to existing U.S. sanctions. The U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control restricts transactions with Venezuelan state-owned entities, including Monomeros which is owned by Pequiven. This poses a challenge for Colombia, which is facing a potential gas deficit and had explored a potential acquisition of Monomeros."], ["20250904", "General Motors is cutting production and delaying work at its major EV factories due to weaker than expected demand. The company cites the recent withdrawal of federal support for green cars, including a $7,500 consumer tax credit, as a significant factor impacting EV sales. This move reflects a broader trend among automakers pulling back on EV production amid changing U.S. regulatory landscapes."], ["20250904", "The Columbus Consolidated Government has sued Norfolk Southern and several other railroad companies seeking repossession of railyard land and damages. The city argues the land was granted 175 years ago under conditions that required its return when passenger services ceased, which occurred in the 1970s. Norfolk Southern contends it has the right to use the railyards under federal law and highlights its economic contributions to the region."], ["20250904", "John Deere, uma renomada fabricante de m\u00e1quinas agr\u00edcolas dos EUA, enfrenta dificuldades devido \u00e0s tarifas impostas pelo governo Trump e \u00e0 queda nos pre\u00e7os das safras, que afetam diretamente seus clientes agricultores. A empresa registrou uma queda de 29% no lucro l\u00edquido e demitiu funcion\u00e1rios, com as tarifas sobre metais custando centenas de milh\u00f5es de d\u00f3lares. A demanda por equipamentos novos diminuiu, levando os agricultores a optar por m\u00e1quinas usadas ou a adiar compras, enquanto a incerteza pol\u00edtica e econ\u00f4mica global gera cautela no setor."], ["20250904", "Karman Holdings Inc. (KRMN) has seen an impressive gain of nearly 85% since its NYSE debut in February, attributed to growing defense sector interest under the Trump administration and the \"Golden Dome\" missile defense plan. The company's strategic acquisitions and strong financial performance, including record Q2 FY2025 revenue and net income, have also fueled investor confidence. Karman Holdings anticipates continued momentum from robust defense spending and space projects."], ["20250904", "Jim Cramer commented on Walmart Inc. (WMT), stating that the company made a mistake in discussing tariffs, which led to passing costs onto consumers. He contrasted Walmart's approach with Costco's efforts to keep prices low, noting that Walmart's shares fell by 6% in August due to profitability issues. Cramer suggested that the Federal Reserve should consider both Walmart and Costco when evaluating economic conditions related to pricing."], ["20250904", "Kimberly-Clark's decision to move 25% of its Fox Crossing production lines overseas has raised concerns about its shrinking presence in the Fox Cities, where it was founded. This move follows the expiration of a state deal designed to retain jobs and investment, leading to fears of potential plant closure and further reduction in local employment. Community leaders and former employees view this as a continuation of K-C's long-term withdrawal from the region."], ["20250904", "General Motors achieved a new monthly record for EV sales in August, selling over 21,000 units across its Chevrolet, Cadillac, and GMC brands, largely due to customers rushing to purchase before federal tax credits expire. While anticipating a temporary market slowdown post-expiration, GM remains confident in long-term EV growth, supported by its diverse portfolio, expanding charging infrastructure, and stability from its robust ICE vehicle lineup. The company projects continued leadership in profitable segments and strategic management of production to navigate the evolving market."], ["20250903", "Gilead Sciences has begun construction on a new pharmaceutical development and manufacturing hub at its Foster City, California headquarters. This project is part of a planned $32 billion investment in domestic manufacturing, aiming to create over 3,000 jobs and add $43 billion to the U.S. economy by 2030. The initiative aligns with a broader trend among major U.S. drugmakers to boost domestic production."], ["20250903", "Archer-Daniels-Midland (ADM) CEO Juan Luciano announced that the company aims to cut $200 million to $300 million in costs in 2025, as part of a larger plan to reduce expenses by $500 million to $700 million over three to five years. The company is focusing on capital allocation for productivity, cost reduction, and internal innovation, with expected improvements in its nutrition and commodity businesses. ADM anticipates a strong finish to 2025 and is optimistic about 2026, benefiting from regulatory tailwinds and tax benefits for biofuels."], ["20250903", "Jim Cramer commented on Intel Corporation (INTC), suggesting it's beneficial for the company to accept government funding, particularly after the Trump administration converted $8.9 billion of CHIPS Act grants into equity. Intel's shares have seen a 20% year-to-date gain, with a significant jump in August. Cramer views this government support as a crucial step for Intel to raise additional funds, though he notes it's only a fraction of what the company ultimately requires."], ["20250903", "Citi has reiterated its \"Buy\" rating on Entegris (ENTG) stock, setting a price objective of $100. The firm believes the shares are attractively valued and anticipates a stronger 2026 for the company due to improving wafer starts and continued demand for its unit-driven solutions, despite current challenges in the semiconductor industry. Entegris also plans significant domestic R&D spending to boost semiconductor innovation."], ["20250903", "Peabody Energy Corp. anticipates a significant boost in coal demand, potentially increasing consumption by 57%, due to swelling U.S. electricity needs and the Trump administration's support for the coal industry. The company outlined in an investor presentation that utilities could ramp up output from underutilized coal plants, leading to over 250 million tons of additional annual demand in the coming years. This projection marks a potential major shift for an industry that has been in decline."], ["20250903", "Polestar, the Swedish electric vehicle maker, reported a significantly wider net loss of $1.03 billion for the second quarter, primarily due to an impairment charge of $739 million on its Polestar 3 model. This impairment was a direct consequence of U.S. trade tariffs and increased price competition. The company's U.S.-listed shares dropped by 11% following the announcement, highlighting the financial strain from tariffs and the ongoing challenge of managing liquidity as Polestar burns through cash to scale operations."], ["20250903", "The state of Minnesota has awarded Boston Scientific $2.6 million to support the expansion of its Weaver Lake Road campus in Maple Grove. This investment, part of a larger $131 million project, is expected to create 440 new jobs within three years. The medical technology company also plans to open a new 400,000-square-foot Arbor Lakes campus."], ["20250903", "Scotiabank has chosen Dallas for its new U.S. regional office hub, with plans to create over 1,020 new jobs and invest more than $60 million. The decision was influenced by significant economic incentives totaling over $10.7 million from the state of Texas and an additional $2.7 million from the city of Dallas. This move further strengthens Dallas's growing financial services sector, with the new office joining other major financial institutions in the area."], ["20250903", "The UK government is consulting on a ban of high-caffeine energy drinks for consumers under 16, citing concerns over negative impacts on children's health. This potential ban could significantly affect major beverage companies like Red Bull, Monster Beverage Corporation, Suntory, and PepsiCo, which produce and distribute such drinks. The government's move aims to address public health concerns related to energy drink consumption by minors."], ["20250903", "Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene purchased Alphabet Inc. Class C stock five days before a favorable antitrust ruling, leading to a surge in its value. This trade was part of a larger buying spree on August 28, 2025, involving over a dozen companies, including significant investments in FedEx and Ryman Hospitality Properties. Despite this timely Google trade, her overall portfolio has underperformed the S&P 500 in the past year, though some individual trades like Impinj Inc. and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. showed substantial gains."], ["20250903", "Intel, a microprocessor manufacturer with a significant presence in Oregon, has been removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average after a 25-year run, replaced by rival Nvidia. This change reflects Intel's struggles in the AI-powered chipmaking market and its recent financial losses, while Nvidia's market value has surged due to demand for AI accelerator chips. The move by S&P Global aims to ensure the Dow Jones more accurately represents the semiconductor industry."], ["20250902", "Gold prices have surged as investors anticipate potential interest rate cuts by the Federal Reserve, a move driven by concerns over a softening labor market rather than economic strength. The article highlights the growing unaffordability of housing in the U.S. and the increasing political pressure on the Fed chairman, Jerome Powell, amidst rising inflation partly due to tariffs. In this uncertain economic climate, gold is presented as a crucial asset for preserving purchasing power and diversifying portfolios, with a recommended allocation of 10%."], ["20250902", "Ontario Premier Doug Ford publicly protested Diageo Plc's decision to cease bottling operations for Crown Royal whisky in the province. Ford poured out a bottle of the whisky, urging residents to support locally produced and bottled alcoholic beverages. His actions are a statement against the plant closure and the economic impact on Ontario."], ["20250902", "The ERISA Industry Committee (ERIC) and a coalition of organizations have filed an amicus brief urging the dismissal of a lawsuit challenging Weyerhaeuser's 2019 pension risk transfer (PRT) to Athene. The brief argues that the plaintiffs did not suffer any injury, as PRTs are allowed under ERISA, and that the claims are meritless, aiming to prevent similar allegations from threatening future PRT transactions. This case is part of a growing trend of class-action litigation against plan sponsors for routine pension risk transactions."], ["20250902", "The US has revoked TSMC's authorization to freely ship advanced technology from the US to China, a move that could disrupt the chip giant's manufacturing capabilities in China. This follows a similar action taken against South Korea's Samsung and SK Hynix. While TSMC is assessing the situation and engaging with the US government, experts suggest the overall impact on TSMC might be limited as its Chinese facility produces older-generation chips that constitute a small portion of its revenue."], ["20250902", "Vail Resorts is set to start providing documents as part of a nearly five-year-old federal Fair Labor Standards Act lawsuit. The case, Quint et al. v. Vail Resorts, Inc., alleges the company failed to pay employees for all hours worked, did not provide proper meal/rest periods, and neglected to reimburse key equipment purchases. A federal judge has approved a timetable for document production and deadlines, aiming to move the long-stalled case forward, including a process for current and former instructors to join the lawsuit."], ["20250902", "Kratos Defense & Security Solutions hosted a roundtable with key congressional leaders at its Oklahoma City facility, emphasizing its role in strengthening the defense industrial base. The facility produces 150 high-performance jet-powered tactical and target drone systems annually, including the XQ-58A Valkyrie and MQM-178 Firejet, with capacity for rapid expansion. The event highlighted the importance of aerospace and defense supply chain policy and sustained federal funding."], ["20250902", "A recent Minnesota Supreme Court decision upheld EIDP Inc.'s $11.5 million state corporate franchise tax bill, establishing a new test for taxing income from hedging activities. The court approved the use of alternative apportionment to determine the taxable portion of the company's foreign currency transactions from 2013-2015. This ruling sets a precedent for how states can tax such functions of national corporations."], ["20250902", "This article highlights the ongoing problem of toxic coal ash pollution in Georgia and across the U.S., emphasizing that utilities have historically dumped billions of tons of coal ash, leading to widespread water contamination with hazardous chemicals. Despite regulations, the industry has often failed to comply, necessitating stronger enforcement from the EPA. The piece details the extent of coal ash contamination at various power plants in Georgia, underscoring the urgent need for comprehensive cleanup to protect public health and the environment."], ["20250902", "Washington state officials are looking to resume inspections of the Northwest ICE Processing Center in Tacoma following a federal court ruling that clarified the state's authority to oversee health and safety conditions for detainees. The private company operating the facility, GEO Group, had previously challenged the state's inspection rights but recently dropped a lawsuit against Cascade PBS after the state provided redacted photos related to a 2024 inspection. The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the facility should be compared to civil detention centers, not state prisons, bolstering the state's regulatory powers."], ["20250902", "SMX (Security Matters) PLC and Singapore's Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR) have partnered to create a national plastic traceability system. This system will use molecular tagging and blockchain technology to boost recycling rates and reduce incineration in Singapore, aligning with the country\u2019s Zero Waste Masterplan. The initiative aims to track plastics throughout their lifecycle and create economic value by converting plastic waste into a high-value feedstock stream."], ["20250902", "Optimism surrounding the potential rescheduling of cannabis by the Trump administration, which would eliminate the Section 280E tax burden and boost profitability, has spurred a significant rally in cannabis stocks. The MSOS ETF has experienced a 27.2% increase in shares outstanding and approximately $165 million in inflows since July, indicating strong investor interest in U.S. cannabis companies. MSOS has heavily invested in key cannabis firms, leading to substantial price gains for some holdings, though a failure to reschedule could cause a sharp decline in stock values."], ["20250902", "Luda Technology Group Limited (NYSE:LUD) is well-positioned to benefit from China's new \"Guiding Opinions\" policy focusing on high-quality urban development, which led to a 15% stock surge. The company, a leading manufacturer of metal pipe fittings, is expected to capitalize on increased infrastructure spending and demand for natural gas pipelines. The global pipeline and pipe fittings market is projected to reach $8 billion by 2025, growing at nearly 5% annually, offering significant opportunities for Luda Technology with its strong competitive advantages and global market presence."], ["20250902", "Environmental groups are criticizing Consumers Energy's proposed rate requirements for data centers, arguing they don't adequately protect ratepayers or promote clean energy. While Consumers Energy seeks to implement provisions like 15-year contracts and exit fees to offset high energy demands from data centers, groups like the Union of Concerned Scientists and Environmental Law and Policy Center believe the plan should more explicitly integrate clean energy sourcing and transition goals. This comes as Michigan aims to attract data centers with tax incentives, raising concerns about the environmental and financial impact on the state's energy grid."], ["20250902", "enCore Energy Corp. announced that its Dewey Burdock ISR Uranium Project in South Dakota has been approved for the U.S. government's Fast-41 Program, accelerating its permitting review. This project is the first critical mineral extraction project in South Dakota to be added to Fast-41, aiming to bolster domestic uranium production for clean energy. The Company plans to develop the project using In-Situ Recovery (ISR) technology, minimizing surface disturbance."], ["20250902", "Australia's Sayona Mining Ltd. and U.S.-based Piedmont Lithium Inc. have completed a US$623 million merger to form Elevra Lithium, a new company with global lithium assets. The merger aims to strengthen their position in the lithium market, though development of the Ewoyaa project in Ghana, a key asset, faces delays due to tax negotiations and pending parliamentary approval. The new Elevra board will address financing for the stalled project."], ["20250901", "Equinor ASA is investing nearly $1 billion in Orsted A/S's share sale, reinforcing its commitment to the Danish wind developer despite recent challenges from the Trump administration. This move is seen as crucial for Orsted's efforts to stabilize its finances and gain wider investor support for its proposed capital raise. Equinor's continued backing, despite previous losses on its investment, suggests potential for closer industrial and strategic collaboration between the two companies."], ["20250901", "ArcelorMittal South Africa (AMSA) is expected to lay off over 4,000 workers, almost half its workforce, a union announced. The job cuts, initially planned for its Newcastle and Vereeniging plants, will now extend to its key Vanderbijlpark operations. AMSA has been facing losses since 2023 due to weak demand, high utility costs, and competition, and has been in discussions with the government for solutions."], ["20251001", "The article details how private prison companies like CoreCivic and GEO Group are experiencing a significant financial boom due to increased funding and expanded roles from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). This expansion, fueled by a substantial budget bill, allows for a doubling of detention capacity and increased contracts for these companies. Despite local pushback and past ethical divestments from some investors and banks, the industry continues to grow, making it harder to dismantle this detention infrastructure in the future."], ["20250930", "John Hess, a director at Chevron and former CEO of Hess Corporation, has donated $1 million to \"Fix the City,\" a super PAC supporting former New York Governor Andrew Cuomo's mayoral campaign. This donation comes after Chevron's buyout of Hess Corporation, making him a significant stakeholder. The article highlights the contrast between Hess's interests, particularly concerning fossil fuels and environmental regulations like Local Law 97, and the agenda of Cuomo's opponent, Zohran Mamdani, who advocates for aggressive decarbonization policies."], ["20250930", "Deutsche Bank has increased its price target for Tesla (TSLA) to $435 from $345, maintaining a Buy rating. This adjustment is based on Tesla's leadership in embodied AI, specifically its robotaxi and humanoid robot businesses, and an expected strong performance in Q3 2025 deliveries driven by the Model Y L launch in China and increased US demand ahead of phasing out EV incentives. The firm also anticipates achieving the full-year delivery consensus of 1.6 million units despite a potential dip in US sales in Q4."], ["20250929", "This article by Dennis Kirkpatrick, President at Flex, discusses the challenges and opportunities of doing business in Brazil. Despite its economic potential and large population, Brazil's complex tax and labor laws, currency volatility, infrastructure gaps, environmental regulations, and innovation bottlenecks deter global companies. However, Kirkpatrick argues that Brazil's skilled workforce and the right strategic partnerships make it a worthwhile market for manufacturing and scaling, particularly for companies in industrial equipment and consumer electronics."], ["20250929", "Univision is adapting to the changing political landscape of the Hispanic audience in the U.S. market, which is shifting from a primarily Democratic bloc to one focused on economic issues. CEO Daniel Alegre highlighted the importance of the Hispanic vote, especially after a forum with Donald Trump, and emphasized the network's efforts toward a more centrist approach. Univision is also navigating distribution negotiations with YouTube TV and providing resources to the Hispanic community, including assistance with naturalization and immigration information."], ["20250929", "The article discusses the emergence of ETF share classes and their potential impact on investment portfolios and taxes. It highlights how these new share classes can help advisors manage client taxes more efficiently, primarily by reducing capital gains distributions through the in-kind creation and redemption process. The piece also explains the regulatory landscape, particularly the role of the Investment Company Act of 1940, and lists major financial firms applying for these structures."], ["20250926", "AstraZeneca has launched an online direct-to-consumer (DTC) platform in the US, allowing cash-paying patients to purchase diabetes and asthma drugs at up to 70% off list prices. This move comes amidst pressure from President Donald Trump to slash drug prices and follows similar initiatives by other pharmaceutical companies like Bristol Myers Squibb and Novo Nordisk. The platform aims to improve accessibility and affordability for patients, complementing existing patient support services."], ["20250925", "Meta is building a massive $10 billion data center in rural Louisiana, which will require over $3 billion in new electricity infrastructure. This facility is projected to consume more power than the entire city of New Orleans on a peak summer day, raising concerns about who will bear the cost of the necessary power upgrades. Critics are scrutinizing deals between states and tech giants, arguing that limited oversight and confidentiality agreements could shift infrastructure costs onto regular power consumers."], ["20250924", "A $7,500 Community Grant from the WaFd Bank Foundation has been awarded to LIFE, A Center for Independent Living, in Pocatello, Idaho. This grant funds hands-on classes teaching essential life skills like cooking, budgeting, and self-advocacy to people with disabilities. The program aims to foster independence and confidence, empowering participants to thrive in their communities."], ["20250924", "Venu Holding Corporation (NYSE American: VENU) announced it will host the official groundbreaking ceremony for The Sunset Amphitheater at El Paso powered by EIGHT Elite Light Beer on November 19, 2025. This 12,500-seat, multi-seasonal venue, a public-private partnership with the City of El Paso, is projected to generate a $2 billion economic impact in its first ten years and is targeted to open in Q4 2026. The amphitheater will feature premium amenities, including Luxe FireSuites and the exclusive Aikman Club, designed to offer a world-class entertainment experience."], ["20250924", "The article discusses the significant changes introduced by the FAFSA Simplification Act of 2020, effective for the 2024-2025 school year. It highlights how these changes, such as a reduced number of questions and a new needs analysis formula (Student Aid Index), impact financial aid eligibility, particularly for 529 plans, retirement assets, and lower-income families. The author suggests that with smart planning, families can maximize their potential for need-based aid under the new rules, making 529 plans even more compelling."], ["20250924", "The Global X MSCI Argentina ETF (ARGT) experienced significant volatility due to a corruption scandal, a local election loss, and the peso's instability, leading to substantial outflows. However, news of U.S. support, including a potential $20 billion swap line and USD bond purchases, sparked an 8.5% rebound after a 25% plunge. The ETF's long-term performance remains strong since President Milei's election, despite ongoing challenges with the peso and fragile investor confidence."], ["20250923", "Exelon plans to ramp up efforts next year to own power plants in its Mid-Atlantic service area to combat rising electricity bills and supply shortfalls. CEO Calvin Butler believes allowing utilities like Exelon to build new regulated power supplies would ease the grid's power crunch and plans to advocate for changes to state laws in 2026. This move comes as some states in the PJM region consider amending laws to allow regulated power generation amidst increasing power demand."], ["20250923", "The Santiago Court of Appeals has ruled in favor of a protective appeal against Enel Distribuci\u00f3n Chile S.A. for excessive electricity charges and non-compliance with instructions from the Superintendence of Electricity and Fuels (SEC). The court found Enel's conduct arbitrary and illegal, violating the property rights of the complainants, and ordered the company to strictly adhere to the SEC's directives to reverse unjustified charges."], ["20250922", "The Cato Institute has joined an amicus curiae brief urging the U.S. Supreme Court not to grant a pretrial appeal to the GEO Group in a human trafficking lawsuit. The case involves allegations that GEO Group, which operates private immigration detention facilities, forced detainees to perform unpaid labor under threat of solitary confinement. The brief argues against extending judicial doctrines that shield government officials from liability to private government contractors, emphasizing that GEO Group should face a trial instead of seeking a shortcut through appellate courts."], ["20250920", "Dawn Farrell, known for her persistence in complex projects like the Trans Mountain pipeline completion and TransAlta's coal-to-gas transition, is now leading Ottawa's Major Projects Office (MPO). This new initiative aims to fast-track \"nation-building\" industrial developments and reduce review times for large projects to two years. The MPO, based in Calgary, will evaluate proposals like LNG Canada Phase 2 and modular reactors at Darlington Nuclear, with the goal of attracting private capital and streamlining approvals without compromising environmental or Indigenous concerns."], ["20250919", "Moderna Inc. is set to roll out the first made-in-Canada COVID-19 vaccines this fall from its facilities in Laval, Que., and Cambridge, Ont. This development marks a significant milestone for Canada's domestic vaccine supply chain, especially after the government terminated a contract with Novavax Inc. The Canadian-made mRNA vaccines will be available in the coming days, with Moderna also planning to produce RSV vaccines and other mRNA therapies at the Laval site in the future."], ["20250915", "Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) customers in California will receive a $58.23 California Climate Credit on their October electric bills. This credit, part of the state's Cap-and-Trade Program, aims to reduce carbon emissions and ease energy costs. Residential customers with both electric and natural gas services from PG&E will see a total of $183.49 in credits for 2025, while small businesses will receive $116.46."], ["20250914", "BioNTech's stock plummeted by 7.3% following reports of the US government planning further restrictions on COVID-19 vaccinations, citing 25 deaths from the VAERS system. Pfizer and Moderna also experienced significant stock drops due to these concerns and general uncertainty surrounding drug pricing and future growth. In contrast, CureVac remained unaffected due to a planned acquisition by BioNTech, which has stabilized its stock price."], ["20250912", "Union Pacific Corp.'s CEO, Jim Vena, met with President Donald Trump to discuss the proposed $72 billion acquisition of Norfolk Southern Corp. The discussion centered on how creating an American transcontinental railroad would benefit US competition, consumers, and protect unionized workers' jobs, as the company seeks regulatory approval for the merger."], ["20250910", "Several paper mill closures in Georgia have led to significant job losses and economic concern in communities that have historically relied on the timber industry. Lawmakers are seeking solutions to mitigate the economic fallout, including job placement and retraining for displaced workers, and exploring ways to restart operations at the shuttered mills. The closures highlight the vulnerability of small communities dependent on single industries, with experts warning of potential recession risks."], ["20250910", "Golf equipment prices, particularly drivers, have seen slight increases across the board from several manufacturers, leading to price bumps of $15-$20 per club. This increase, contrary to typical seasonal discounting, is attributed primarily to tariffs on goods imported from China, Taiwan, and Vietnam. While manufacturers have absorbed some costs and mitigated others through supply chain efficiencies, a portion of the burden is being passed on to consumers."], ["20250909", "Gartner's 2025 Hype Cycle for Government Services highlights Sovereign AI and AI agents as key technologies expected to shape public sector AI adoption within the next two to five years. These innovations are anticipated to reach the Peak of Inflated Expectations, offering solutions for governments facing pressure to improve citizen services amidst resource constraints. The report also identifies prompt engineering and machine customers as significant technologies with varying timelines for mainstream adoption in government."], ["20250909", "Former President Donald Trump's second-term policies have spurred a $350 billion investment surge in the U.S. pharmaceutical and biotech sectors, focusing on domestic manufacturing and R&D. Major drugmakers like Johnson & Johnson, AstraZeneca, Novartis, Bristol-Myers Squibb, and Eli Lilly are making significant commitments, presenting substantial opportunities for investors in both individual stocks and biotech ETFs like XBI and IBB. This unprecedented investment aims to turbocharge America's biotech sector, creating jobs, driving innovation, and boosting revenue."], ["20250909", "A top South Korean official warned that key elements of the country's trade deal with the U.S. are at risk due to a dispute over how to deploy a $350 billion investment fund. This trade tension is compounded by fallout from a recent ICE raid at a Hyundai-linked battery plant in Georgia, which has inflamed national outrage in South Korea. South Korea asserts it will not accept the same investment fund terms as Japan, indicating the deal could be jeopardized if an agreement isn't reached."], ["20250906", "Online pet supply retailer Chewy is facing a class-action lawsuit in Rhode Island, accused of deceptive trade practices by overcharging its Autoship customers. The lawsuit claims Chewy calculates sales tax on the full price of items rather than on the discounted price after Autoship savings are applied, contrary to their own terms and common retail practice. Customers enrolled in the Autoship program between 2022 and September 5, 2025, are eligible to join the class action."], ["20250905", "UBS CEO Sergio Ermotti stated on Friday that he has no plans to reduce the bank's size, despite pressure from Swiss regulators to enhance its resilience following the Credit Suisse takeover. Ermotti believes a \"sensible solution\" can be found for regulatory matters and that shrinking the bank is not a viable strategy. Swiss regulators are proposing measures that would require UBS to hold an additional $24 billion in capital, a move analysts suggest could hinder investor returns."], ["20250905", "Vornado Realty Trust has announced plans for a 475-unit apartment building near Madison Square Garden in New York City, a development expected to cost around $350 million. The project, located at West 34th Street and Eighth Avenue, will utilize tax incentives from the 485x program for its affordable housing components. This residential initiative follows Vornado's recent proposal to construct a pedestrian bridge connecting its Penn 1 and Penn 2 office buildings."], ["20250904", "Bentley Systems, the infrastructure engineering software company, has signed the White House's Pledge to America\u2019s Youth: Investing in Artificial Intelligence (AI) Education. The company committed to making AI education accessible to K-12 students across the United States through no-cost software, AI-focused curriculum, hands-on learning, teacher training, and student competitions. This initiative aims to equip young Americans with the skills needed for an AI-driven future and to address critical infrastructure challenges."], ["20250902", "Ontario Premier Doug Ford publicly protested Diageo Plc's decision to close its bottling facility in Amherstburg, Ontario, by pouring out a bottle of Crown Royal whiskey and encouraging Ontarians to buy local. The closure of the bottling plant, which affects nearly 200 jobs, is due to Diageo's efforts to move operations closer to U.S. customers. Ford criticized the company, stating he would \"hurt\" them financially, and had previously offered incentives to prevent the closure."], ["20250902", "PETA has filed a complaint urging the USDA to investigate the University of Louisiana at Lafayette New Iberia Research Center (NIRC) and JKL Secure Freight for allegedly transporting monkeys without valid health certificates, violating federal law. This request follows a PETA report indicating a rise in tuberculosis cases among imported monkeys used for experimentation. PETA emphasizes the risks to both animal and public health posed by such non-compliance, citing JKL Secure Freight's history of Animal Welfare Act violations."], ["20250902", "The Flushing branch of the Genesee District Library will close for two weeks starting September 22nd to move to its new location at 220 Boman St., the Wendell W Phelps DDS Memorial building. The new, more efficient facility is expected to open by October 6th, offering room for future expansion despite being slightly smaller than the current space. This move, approved by the Flushing City Council, aims to provide an improved library experience for residents."], ["20251001", "Pfizer has become the first pharmaceutical company to agree with the US government on drug discounts under President Trump's Most Favored Nation (MFN) policy. This agreement aims to reduce US prescription drug prices for primary care and some specialty brands by an average of 50%, with savings up to 85%. The deal also includes a three-year grace period from tariffs for Pfizer, contingent on a $70bn investment into US manufacturing, and sets a precedent for potential agreements with other pharmaceutical companies."], ["20251001", "This article outlines six strategies for fixed-income investors to navigate a global economic landscape characterized by slower growth, lower bond yields, and persistent uncertainties. It emphasizes themes such as actively managing duration, focusing on quality credit, adopting a balanced stance, using systematic approaches, and protecting against inflation. The report suggests that while risks exist, current conditions present opportunities for bond investors who position their portfolios effectively."], ["20250930", "This article explores why global value stocks are gaining momentum, particularly with the buildout of AI infrastructure and supportive policy tailwinds. It highlights opportunities in industrials, materials, and energy sectors, especially in Europe and Asia, as diversification becomes crucial to balance exposure to high-priced U.S. tech stocks. The author suggests value stocks offer comparable upside with less downside risk and act as an inflation hedge amid economic shifts."], ["20250930", "Canadian softwood producers are facing a new 10% tariff on lumber shipments into the United States, bringing total levies to over 45% amid an escalating trade war. This new tariff, effective October 14, is in addition to existing anti-dumping duties, with the U.S. claiming Canadian producers dump softwood below market value and receive subsidies. Industry leaders in Canada criticize the tariffs, citing concerns that they will increase lumber costs, harm the Canadian industry, and make housing less affordable for American families."], ["20250930", "U.S. Secretary of Commerce Howard Lutnick has proposed a \"50-50\" split with Taiwan in semiconductor production for the U.S. market, aiming for America to produce half of its chips domestically. This move seeks to reduce American reliance on Taiwan, which currently produces over 90% of the world's advanced semiconductors. Lutnick believes that increased domestic production would enhance U.S. security and argues that a more balanced chip production between the two nations would also make Taiwan safer."], ["20250930", "JPMorgan Chase supports 780,000 small businesses in Texas by providing financial investments, tools, resources, and mentorship. The company emphasizes the importance of small businesses to the American economy, highlighting its efforts in Dallas-Fort Worth, and showcases the success of businesses like La La Land Kind Caf\u00e9. JPMorgan Chase also focuses on community building through its Community Center Branches, which offer free coaching, workshops, and networking opportunities to entrepreneurs in underserved neighborhoods."], ["20250930", "Frontier Group Holdings Inc. CEO Barry Biffle plans to tell US senators that \"fortress hubs,\" where one airline controls most gates, harm competition and customers. He argues that this dominance gives major carriers pricing power and control over market entry. His remarks are prepared for a Senate Judiciary subcommittee hearing on Tuesday."], ["20250930", "Shares of Bruker, Agilent, Revvity, Avantor, and Bio-Techne surged following reports of a potential drug-pricing agreement between the White House and the pharmaceutical industry, specifically involving Pfizer. This agreement, tied to the \"Most Favored Nation\" initiative to lower prescription drug costs, is seen by investors as a resolution to regulatory uncertainty. The article also highlights Avantor's volatile stock performance and suggests a profitable growth stock benefiting from AI for investors."], ["20250929", "Peabody (NYSE: BTU) has publicly supported the Trump administration's \"Advancing America's Clean Beautiful Coal\" initiatives, praising efforts to restore balance to U.S. energy policy and reassert coal's critical role in energy security. The company highlighted the administration's focus on reliable and affordable energy, as well as its partnership with private industry for leadership in rare earth elements and critical minerals. This announcement, involving key officials like Interior Secretary Burgum and Energy Secretary Wright, led to a 9.29% gain for BTU on the day of publication."], ["20250929", "Doctors are reportedly confronting Cigna over a new policy that could reduce reimbursements, while a federal judge has dismissed a Biden-era rule aimed at increasing federal audits of private Medicare plans. This decision, siding with Humana, could prevent the recouping of billions of dollars. The article also touches on an investigation into pressure on health care providers not to test for or report infections."], ["20250929", "A proposal for a casino in Coney Island was voted down by a local advisory committee, while Bally's plan for a casino in the Bronx advanced to the final round for downstate licenses. The Bronx project, which includes a 500,000-square-foot casino and a hotel, received near-unanimous support from its local committee despite some community opposition regarding parkland alienation and potential social issues. Bally's hopes to secure one of up to three lucrative gambling licenses to be awarded by the state."], ["20250929", "US stocks, particularly the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, saw gains at the start of a potentially volatile week, with focus on upcoming US economic data, especially non-farm payrolls. The market is also grappling with the looming threat of a US government shutdown and less dovish Federal Reserve commentary. Amid these concerns, Gold reached new record highs, while oil prices dropped due to increased supply expectations."], ["20250929", "The FirstEnergy Foundation announced its largest hunger relief investment to date, granting $2.5 million to over 100 organizations across six states. Specifically, $620,000 will go to 32 food banks and pantries in West Virginia, Maryland, and Virginia, providing approximately 1.9 million meals. This initiative addresses growing food insecurity driven by rising prices and supply chain issues, with FirstEnergy employees also contributing significant volunteer hours."], ["20250926", "The City of Fresno plans to sue Ford Motor Co. after a 2021 Ford F-250, owned by the city's fire department, caught fire and was destroyed in May 2024. A fire captain driving the truck escaped injury when the vehicle lost power and the engine compartment ignited. The city council voted to file the lawsuit to recover damages, noting it is their protocol to pursue at-fault parties even with insurance."], ["20250926", "Kentucky State University's School of Business and Center for Economic Education and Financial Literacy hosted its annual Federal Reserve Luncheon in partnership with the Federal Reserve Banks of St. Louis (Louisville Branch) and Cleveland. The event gathered over 200 attendees, including students, faculty, community leaders, and elected officials, to engage with finance and economic policy leaders. This year marked an expansion of the partnership to include the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, highlighting KSU's role in fostering economic empowerment."], ["20250926", "Churchill Downs Inc., the National Horsemen's Benevolent and Protective Association, and several state horsemen's representatives have appealed to the Federal Trade Commission to reject the Horseracing Integrity and Safety Authority's (HISA) proposed $78.5 million budget for 2026. Stakeholders argue the budget is not prudent or cost-effective, citing a significant increase in administrative expenses and a \"per start\" fee structure that disproportionately impacts smaller tracks. HISA, however, refutes these claims, suggesting opposition stems from a general aversion to regulation and denies that smaller tracks are struggling."], ["20250925", "The article urges immediate action to protect telehealth services for physical therapists (PTs), occupational therapists (OTs), and speech-language pathologists (SLPs) as the September 30, 2025 deadline for Medicare waivers approaches. The author highlights the immense benefits of telehealth in providing access, equity, and continuity of care, sharing patient success stories. It calls on clinicians, patients, and caregivers to contact their members of Congress to advocate for the permanent extension of these vital services."], ["20250925", "Trump's steel tariffs have led countries like Mexico, Brazil, and Canada to implement their own protectionist measures, not only to negotiate with the U.S. but also to counter cheap Chinese steel imports. These countries are facing reduced exports to the U.S., project cancellations, and job losses. While the new tariffs aim to boost domestic demand and protect local industries in these countries, it's uncertain if these actions will sway the Trump administration, as the U.S. remains a net steel importer."], ["20250924", "Moderna has defended the UK's drug pricing environment amidst a row between the pharmaceutical industry and the government, opening a new \u00a3150m vaccine facility in Oxfordshire. The US drugmaker's UK general manager, Darius Hughes, stated that Moderna's vaccines are not subject to the contentious VPAG scheme, allowing them to continue their \u00a31bn, decade-long partnership and investment in the UK. This commitment comes as other major pharmaceutical companies like MSD, AstraZeneca, and Eli Lilly have paused or ditched UK investments due to the pricing dispute."], ["20250924", "Columbiana County residents will soon be able to access free well testing related to the East Palestine train derailment, expanding the program beyond existing priority zones. The U.S. EPA has pledged $2 million for this initiative, which will be administered by the Columbiana County Port Authority in partnership with the County Health District. The program aims to test up to 100 wells annually for 29 chemicals of concern, similar to those tested in priority areas, with no detections related to the derailment found in previous samples."], ["20250924", "ICE's budget has been significantly increased, making it the largest federal law enforcement agency and tripling its annual budget. This expansion, particularly for new detention centers, is poised to create an enormous windfall for private prison companies like CoreCivic and GEO Group, despite local opposition and limited oversight. These companies are rapidly expanding their capacity by reopening idle facilities and increasing bed counts, even as previous ethical investment concerns had led some financial institutions and universities to divest from the private prison sector."], ["20250924", "Lithium Americas Corp (LAC) stock surged nearly 98% following reports that the Trump administration is seeking up to a 10% equity stake in the company, linked to a $2.26 billion government loan for its Thacker Pass lithium mine. This news also provided a \"halo lift\" to Albemarle Corp (ALB) stock, which rose 2.6%. Both companies saw increased options trading activity, with LAC recording its best single-day percentage gain ever."], ["20250924", "U.S. Senators Elizabeth Warren, Ron Wyden, Ed Markey, and Chris Van Hollen have requested answers from broadcasters Nexstar and Sinclair regarding the suspension of Jimmy Kimmel's show. They are investigating whether the cancellation is linked to regulatory considerations due to the companies' pending business deals with the Trump administration, especially after FCC Chairman Brendan Carr suggested regulatory repercussions for broadcasters not taking action against the show. The senators raised concerns about potential censorship undermining First Amendment rights and possibly violating anti-corruption laws, demanding detailed information by October 7, 2025."], ["20250923", "Campbell Soup Supply Co. has admitted to violating the federal Clean Water Act over 5,400 times by dumping waste into the Maumee River from its Napoleon, Ohio plant between April 2018 and December 2024. Environmental agencies including Environment Ohio, Lake Erie Waterkeeper, and the U.S. EPA filed a lawsuit, alleging the wastewater contained phosphorus, ammonia, E. coli, and other pollutants contributing to toxic algae blooms. While Campbell acknowledges the violations and seeks a settlement, it refutes significant adverse effects on the river and Lake Erie."], ["20250923", "The U.S. Lumber Coalition alleges that Canada's $1.2-billion support package for its softwood industry, announced by Prime Minister Mark Carney, constitutes unfair subsidies. This funding, comprising loan guarantees and grants, aims to aid restructuring and diversify markets, but the U.S. views it as further subsidization in the long-running trade dispute. The U.S. has imposed duties totaling 35.16% on Canadian lumber and is considering additional tariffs under Section 232 of the U.S. Trade Expansion Act."], ["20250923", "The FirstEnergy Foundation has awarded $600,000 in grants to 21 New Jersey food banks and pantries as part of a $2.5 million initiative to combat hunger across six states. This investment, the largest hunger-relief grant to date from the Foundation, will help provide approximately two million meals to families in communities served by JCP&L. FirstEnergy employees also contribute significantly through volunteer time and annual Harvest for Hunger campaigns, demonstrating a long-standing commitment to fighting food insecurity."], ["20250923", "The J.M. Smucker Company is significantly boosting the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank's expansion into Wayne County by donating its 19,000-square-foot retail store, 30 acres of land, and $1 million over five years. This support comes as federal and state governments cut assistance to food banks, helping the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank address increased food insecurity, particularly among children in Wayne County. Last year, the food bank distributed enough food for 31.4 million meals, a 16% increase, and this donation will help bridge expected funding gaps."], ["20250923", "The FirstEnergy Foundation announced its largest hunger-relief investment to date, a $2.5 million initiative, with $600,000 allocated to 21 New Jersey food banks and pantries. This grant is expected to deliver approximately two million meals to families in communities served by Jersey Central Power & Light (JCP&L). The Foundation's efforts, part of its Hunger Action Month initiative, aim to combat growing food insecurity across six states."], ["20250922", "Owens Corning is building a new 250,000-square-foot shingle manufacturing facility in Prattville, Alabama, creating nearly 100 jobs. The plant will significantly increase the company's production capacity for roofing products. This project, supported by a $4.9 million investment from the Growing Alabama program and AIDT training services, aims to boost the local economy with high-quality jobs and stimulate growth."], ["20250922", "The UAE has officially committed to automatic crypto tax reporting with international authorities by signing the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement under CARF, following its announcement in late 2024. The new reporting rules will become effective in 2027, with the first international data exchanges expected in 2028. To facilitate a smooth implementation and ensure the framework aligns with market needs, the Ministry of Finance has launched an eight-week public consultation inviting feedback from crypto firms and stakeholders."], ["20250922", "Despite markets being near record highs due to recent interest rate cuts, several risks are emerging, including a potential U.S. government shutdown, a soaring national debt, and new US$100,000 H-1B visa fees. Andrew Vuk of The Waterfront Group discusses these concerns and his market outlook, suggesting strategies like an equal-weight S&P 500 ETF and gold as a defensive play. The H-1B visa fees are expected to significantly impact the tech industry, potentially driving talent and investment toward international markets."], ["20250922", "The Energy Governance Alliance (EGA) has praised the Nigerian Upstream Petroleum Regulatory Commission (NUPRC) and its Chief Executive, Gbenga Komolafe, for reviving investor confidence in Nigeria's oil and gas sector. EGA attributes this success to the implementation of the Petroleum Industry Act (PIA) and President Bola Tinubu's reforms, which have addressed regulatory bottlenecks and policy inconsistencies that previously deterred international investors. The recent visit by Barclays Bank Plc to NUPRC further underscores renewed international financial interest in funding Nigerian oil and gas projects."], ["20250922", "Shares of major tech companies such as Amazon, Microsoft, Meta, and Alphabet slipped in pre-market trading due to Trump\u2019s proposed $100,000 one-time annual fee for H-1B working visas. This policy aims to prioritize domestic workers and is expected to increase labor costs and potentially lead to a shortage of skilled workers in the U.S., particularly affecting Indian IT professionals. Despite concerns from many companies, some industry figures like Netflix co-founder Reed Hastings have supported the new fees."], ["20250921", "The Nature Foundation of Will County recently donated $101,600 to the Forest Preserve District of Will County to support various preservation, conservation, education, and recreation initiatives. The funds, which include contributions from Citgo Petroleum, Vulcan Materials Company Foundation, Pembina Pipeline, and Earthrise Energy, will be used for projects such as ecological management of wetlands, expanding a native plant garden, outdoor habitat improvements, and constructing a shade structure. Additionally, part of the donation supports a new bicycle repair station, a hiking challenge, and an exhibit on fossils."], ["20250919", "Procter & Gamble is undertaking a significant $150 million expansion at its Iowa City facility, adding a new production line for Oral-B products and creating 100 new jobs. This expansion is part of a larger statewide economic boost, with the Iowa Economic Development Authority approving over $267 million in new capital investment. The IEDA also supported other companies and startups across Iowa, emphasizing the state's focus on advanced manufacturing and job creation."], ["20250919", "The author, Ken Belshe, expresses shock and dismay at Brunswick Corp.'s decision to close its Boston Whaler plant in Palm Coast for the second time, impacting 300 families. He argues that Flagler County's leadership and community should actively fight this decision, suggesting that Brunswick should face public relations consequences or even be forced to deed the property to the county if they insist on leaving. Belshe highlights the significant economic and social impact of the closure and calls for a united front to retain these jobs and hold Brunswick accountable for leveraging community resources and incentives."], ["20250919", "Defense spending is rapidly increasing globally due to escalating conflicts, leading to significant investment opportunities, particularly for companies offering dual-capability technologies for both defense and civil sectors. Key trends include the evolving nature of warfare, focusing on cybersecurity, autonomous systems, and AI. The article highlights several publicly traded companies, such as L3Harris Technologies, AeroVironment, and Palantir Technologies, that are well-positioned in these high-growth defense tech areas."], ["20250918", "Striking hotel workers from Hilton Americas-Houston are asking Houston First Corp. for intervention and financial transparency. The union is seeking a full audit of Houston First's finances as it continues to push for a wage increase."], ["20250917", "This article from T. Rowe Price explains how active Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) can help investors reduce their portfolio's tax liability. It highlights that ETFs generally offer greater tax efficiency than mutual funds due to their unique creation and redemption process and the ability to facilitate outflows in kind. The authors also discuss how active ETFs can provide lower costs, potential outperformance, and opportunities for tax loss harvesting, making them a valuable tool for tax planning."], ["20250917", "The United States and Ukraine are establishing a joint investment fund with an initial capital of $150 million to support projects in natural gas, critical minerals, energy, technology, and infrastructure. The fund, which will receive $75 million from each country and aims to reach $200 million by 2028, will ensure project-specific funding and is expected to attract co-financing from international partners. Technical preparations are slated for completion by year-end, with the first large-scale investments anticipated in 2026."], ["20250917", "General Mills reported fiscal 2026 first-quarter results that slightly exceeded Wall Street expectations, with adjusted earnings per share of 86 cents and revenue of $4.52 billion. Despite this, shares traded lower, as the company faced challenges including a 7% drop in net sales and a 3% decline in organic sales. CEO Jeff Harmening stated that the primary goal for fiscal 2026 is to restore organic sales growth through innovation and investment, even as the company anticipates continued headwinds like input cost inflation and tariffs."], ["20250917", "Entergy Texas Inc.'s proposed Southeast Texas Area Reliability Project, a 160-mile 500-kilovolt transmission line, is facing strong opposition from East Texas residents and the city of Houston, particularly regarding its preferred route across Lake Livingston. Opponents argue that a lake crossing poses environmental hazards due to dioxides in the lakebed and that the project should be constructed over land. The Public Utilities Commission of Texas (PUCT) is responsible for approving the project's route and is currently reviewing an amended certificate of \"convenience and necessity\" filed by Entergy, with further discussions scheduled due to denied oral arguments and landowner notification issues."], ["20250916", "The Birmingham City Council has approved a new three-year contract worth $3 million with Sound Thinking Inc. for its ShotSpotter gunshot detection technology. Councilor Hunter Williams and Police Chief Michael Pickett highlighted the system's ability to alert police to gunfire when 911 calls are not made, saying it's crucial for responding to incidents and collecting evidence. The technology covers about 20 square miles of the city and accounts for 30-40% of police responses to gunfire."], ["20250916", "The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is considering two proposals aimed at compensating for previously waived biofuel blending requirements for small refineries. These proposals would require larger oil processors to offset the lost biofuel demand, benefiting farmers. Options include reallocating 50% of the waived obligations for 2023-2025 or a 100% reallocation through additional mandated volumes in 2026-2027."], ["20250916", "Disputes among members of the Montana Public Service Commission (PSC) regarding an investigation into President Brad Molnar were heard in a Helena district court. Molnar is seeking to block a complaint filed by Vice President Jennifer Fielder, which could lead to his suspension over allegations of inappropriate conduct and interference with the investigation. The judge will not make a ruling until mid-October after additional written briefs are submitted."], ["20250916", "Governor Greg Gianforte has announced the 20 members of his \"Unleashing American-Made Energy Task Force.\" This task force, composed of energy executives, legislators, and experts, will develop recommendations for the Montana Legislature by September 2026 to ensure affordable and reliable energy, aiming for energy independence and dominance for the nation. Sonja Nowakowski will serve as chair, with Marta Bertoglio as vice chair."], ["20250916", "Southern California faces a critical moment with the passage of Proposition 4, a $10 billion bond measure for natural resource and climate activities, amidst a reduction in federal funding. Regional collaboration among local agencies is essential to maximize these newly available funds and address the growing need for environmental priorities, especially given the region's vulnerability to climate impacts. Technology, including AI-powered grant tracking tools, can further aid agencies in identifying, securing, and effectively implementing grants to achieve the greatest community impact."], ["20250916", "Molina Healthcare of South Carolina is hosting a drive-thru community baby shower on September 20th to provide essential supplies to new and expectant mothers. Collaborating with organizations like Healing Hurts, Bundles of Joy, and Charleston Hispanic Association, the event will distribute thousands of diapers, baby wipes, clothes, and over ten tons of food. This initiative aims to alleviate financial stress for families, as nearly one in four SC families live below the poverty line and many struggle to afford diapers."], ["20250915", "The EPA has asked a federal court to vacate part of a lawsuit challenging its PFAS drinking water regulations, agreeing that it failed to provide a public comment period for four specific PFAS chemicals. While the EPA plans to continue defending its regulation of PFOA and PFOS, environmental groups criticize this move as an attempt to weaken standards."], ["20250912", "The U.S. government has acquired a 10 percent stake in Intel, making it Intel's largest shareholder and effectively turning a major American company into a partially state-owned enterprise. This unusual deal, announced by President Donald Trump, is presented as part of an aggressive economic experiment and has sparked debate about socialism and the government's role in the economy. The article unpacks the origins and implications of this deal within the context of Trump's economic policies."], ["20250911", "President William Lai outlined four key aspects of Taiwan's national security resilience at a forum: supply chain security, digital communications, whole-of-society defense, and the economy. He emphasized the need to improve supply chain resilience due to geopolitical tensions, promote multi-layered digital communication networks, and build resilience through citizen participation. Economic resilience initiatives include assisting SMEs and encouraging financial institutions to support businesses during challenging times."], ["20250911", "Shares of U.S. biofuel companies have recently fallen due to concerns over potential Trump administration policies that might lessen renewable fuel blending mandates for refineries. A proposed plan suggests large refiners would pick up only a fraction of the blending obligations from small refineries that received waivers, which could decrease demand for crop- and waste-based fuels. This uncertainty has affected investor enthusiasm, despite earlier proposals to increase production quotas."], ["20250910", "The Market at 25th, an independent grocery in Richmond, Virginia, faces closure due to President Donald Trump's policies. Cuts to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) and new tariffs on imported goods are jeopardizing the store, which serves a low-income community and already operates on tight margins. These policies threaten not only the store's viability but also access to healthy food for vulnerable populations, potentially leading to increased healthcare costs in the long run."], ["20250910", "Consumers Energy is holding an \"Energizing Equity\" event in Kalamazoo to highlight the progress of its \"Count on Us Kalamazoo!\" initiative, aimed at helping underserved communities reduce energy use and save money. The event will showcase various programs, including personalized savings tools, free home energy analyses, storm safety tips, and renewable energy offerings. Through collaborations and directly installed energy-saving items, Consumers Energy is working to address energy barriers and promote energy equity in the region."], ["20250909", "With Intel Corp. investing $20 billion in new semiconductor plants near Columbus, Cincinnati is strategically positioning itself to become a designated regional technology hub under the CHIPS and Science Act. This act offers $10 billion for \"regional and innovation technology hubs,\" and Cincinnati plans to leverage its manufacturing history, workforce, and a growing innovation district to compete for this significant federal funding. The initiative aims to reduce U.S. reliance on overseas semiconductor production and foster high-growth sectors within America's heartland."], ["20250909", "A Port Wentworth family, the Bentons, is planning to sue Georgia Power and the city after the utility allegedly installed new power lines on their private property without consent or proper notice. While Georgia Power claims to have an easement dating back to 1986, the family argues it's outdated and only covers a small strip, not the area currently being used. The Bentons are seeking either the removal of the lines or fair compensation, emphasizing their fight is about protecting their property rights."], ["20250909", "Amaze Holdings, Inc. announced an expanded partnership with Digital Brands Group, Inc. to strengthen domestic apparel manufacturing. This collaboration will leverage Digital Brands Group\u2019s facilities in Los Angeles to produce high-quality, cost-efficient custom apparel and athleisure wear in the U.S. The move aims to support creators amid shifting tariff policies and rising costs by providing reliable local manufacturing, ultimately streamlining the creator experience and helping customers avoid cost increases tied to global supply chains."], ["20250909", "The annual BizTimes Media Manufacturing Summit will feature a panel discussion with leaders from prominent manufacturing companies such as Rite-Hite, Mayville Engineering Corp., Benz Metal Products, Inc., and Wm. K. Walthers Inc. The event, themed \"Building Resilience Amid Uncertainty: Competing on a Global Stage,\" will also include several strategy sessions covering topics from workforce solutions and AI to tax implications and succession planning. It will conclude with a networking reception."], ["20250908", "The article reports on the market turmoil in Argentina following a Peronist victory in provincial elections, which caused the country's risk premium to surpass 1,000 points. The Buenos Aires Stock Exchange's S&P Merval index plummeted over 12%, and the Argentine peso devalued significantly against the dollar. This reaction reflects investors' historical concerns about Peronist policies regarding debt management and economic stability."], ["20250908", "The Swiss lower house has rejected a proposal to give parliament power over all incoming banking regulations, making it less likely that new capital rules for UBS will be delayed. This decision means that stricter valuation requirements for assets are still expected to come into force in 2027 as planned. Although the upper chamber still needs to debate the issue, this move supports the government's plan to tighten banking rules after the 2023 Credit Suisse collapse."], ["20250908", "DoubleLine Global Bond Portfolio Manager Bill Campbell's new paper, \"Trump, the Fed and Maturity Walls,\" suggests that President Trump's pressure on the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates is intended to mitigate surging government debt-service costs. The paper projects significant maturity walls for outstanding Treasury debt, particularly in 2026 and during the remainder of the Trump administration, where debt will roll into higher-cost securities if interest rates are not lowered. This highlights concerns about the federal deficit and the financial implications of maturing debt."], ["20250908", "Following a significant electoral defeat for Javier Milei's party in Buenos Aires, Argentina's economy is in crisis. Markets reacted with a widespread collapse, including stock drops of up to 20%, bond declines, and the country risk soaring past 1200 points. The Argentine peso also plummeted against the dollar, raising concerns among investors about the government's ability to service its debt and maintain economic stability."], ["20250908", "This article details the ongoing efforts to hold Nelnet accountable for alleged mismanagement and abuse in its role as a student loan servicer. It highlights Nelnet's acquisition of Great Lakes and subsequent servicing of federal and private student loans. The content includes a timeline of news clips, blogs, letters, and lawsuits against Nelnet/Great Lakes, emphasizing issues like credit score inaccuracies, IDR mismanagement, and mishandling of pandemic relief."], ["20250907", "Jim Cramer highlighted Salesforce (CRM) as a potential major rival to Palantir Technologies Inc. (PLTR), referencing a Salesforce call where its CEO mentioned beating Palantir out of a contract. Despite this, Cramer expressed strong confidence in Palantir, dismissing a short seller report and praising Palantir's team and leadership. The article also notes Palantir's significant stock performance in 2025."], ["20250905", "Tarang Amin, CEO of e.l.f. Beauty, discusses the company's sustained growth, which he attributes to value, innovation, and disruptive marketing, alongside a unique culture of employee equity. He explains the rationale behind the controversial acquisition of Hailey Bieber's brand, rhode, and the company's transparent approach to a recent price increase due to tariffs. Amin also highlights e.l.f.'s commitment to diversity, advocating for diverse teams in corporate America and emphasizing how their workforce reflects their consumer base."], ["20250905", "Emerging markets (EMs) are offering strong growth potential at attractive valuations, as evidenced by their recent outperformance compared to US equities. Despite historical volatility, EMs are gaining credibility due to quicker policy responses from their central banks and offer diverse investment themes ranging from East Asian tech to Latin American miners. The article also highlights specific opportunities in Vietnam and India, noting their unique challenges and potential for growth."], ["20250904", "India's new consumer tax reform, while making many goods cheaper, imposes a higher 18% levy on apparel priced above US$29, up from 5%. This increase is concerning for global fashion brands like Zara and Lacoste, as it threatens to reduce sales in India's growing premium wear segment, which accounts for 18% of the US$70 billion apparel industry. Fashion companies fear that price-sensitive young consumers and increased operating costs will hinder the expected growth, while domestic manufacturers also face challenges from US tariffs."], ["20250903", "McDonald's Corp. has withdrawn its membership from the National Restaurant Association, citing a policy disagreement. The core issue of contention is believed to be related to worker compensation, highlighting a growing rift within the restaurant industry regarding wage policies. McDonald's declined to comment on the matter."], ["20250903", "The Department of the Interior has announced plans to sell several coal industry leases this fall, including two significant plots in Tuscaloosa County, Alabama. These leases, sought by subsidiaries of Warrior Met Coal Inc., cover access to 14,050 acres and aim to expand existing mining operations, potentially yielding 53 million tons of recoverable metallurgical coal. The sealed-bid sale is scheduled for September 30, with the Interior Department emphasizing the move as part of the Trump administration's commitment to American energy dominance and job creation, despite environmental concerns raised in a draft impact statement regarding water quality and subsidence risks."], ["20250903", "The U.S. has revoked a fast-track export privilege, known as validated end user (VEU) status, for TSMC, SK Hynix, and Samsung, making it harder for them to produce chips in China. This move is part of Washington's ongoing efforts to limit Beijing's semiconductor advancement and control chip production within China. While the companies will need export licenses for U.S.-origin chipmaking tools, the financial impact on TSMC is expected to be minor, though it signals a continued commitment by the U.S. to prevent China from boosting its local chip production capacity."], ["20250902", "Brazil has implemented a definitive five-year anti-dumping duty on imports of flat carbon steel sheets from China to protect its domestic industry. The duties range from $284.34 to $499.35 per ton, significantly higher than previous provisional measures. This decision followed an investigation initiated in March 2024 based on a petition from Companhia Sider\u00fargica Nacional (CSN)."], ["20250902", "The Bethlehem Central School District has released taxpayer information and tax rates for the 2025-26 school year, with tax bills due by September 30, 2025. Residents can pay by mail, in person at Pioneer Bank, or online via credit card or e-check. The district also clarifies that itemized exemptions, though not always printed on initial bills, have been applied and can be viewed online, and provides a breakdown of tax rates for Bethlehem and New Scotland towns."], ["20250902", "The Lotus Emira will introduce a plug-in hybrid variant and an upgraded V6 engine in 2027 to comply with Euro 7 emissions regulations. This \"Hyper Hybrid\" system will also be offered in the Eletre SUV. The current four-cylinder engine is likely to be discontinued, while questions remain about the V6's ability to meet new standards."], ["20250902", "The U.S. government has revoked Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co.'s license, preventing it from exporting American chipmaking equipment to its facilities in China without special permission. This move impacts TSMC's two fabs in Shanghai and Nanjing, particularly the Nanjing facility which received a significant investment to double capacity. The revocation also caused shares of U.S. equipment suppliers Applied Materials Inc. and KLA Corp. to drop."], ["20250902", "Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has indicated that the United States is considering imposing sanctions on Russia due to its ongoing attacks on Ukraine, stating that \"everything\u2019s on the table.\" This comes after a deadly aerial assault in Kyiv and despite Russian President Vladimir Putin blaming the crisis on a coup in Ukraine and the West's NATO push. The situation has led to concerns among international leaders, while energy equity ETFs like XLE and IYE have seen gains amidst intensifying tensions."], ["20250901", "India is rapidly advancing its semiconductor industry, moving from vision to reality in just four years since the 2021 launch of the India Semiconductor Mission (ISM). With a \u20b976,000 crore Production Linked Incentive (PLI) scheme and significant investments, the country aims to become a global hub for semiconductor innovation and manufacturing. The SEMICON India 2025 event, inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, will showcase India's progress, attracting global leaders and fostering collaborations to strengthen its position in the global semiconductor ecosystem."], ["20251001", "T. Rowe Price provides an update on the U.S. government shutdown, outlining potential market and economic implications, including delays in critical economic data like nonfarm payrolls. The article distinguishes this shutdown from previous ones, noting the absence of a debt-limit issue and offers advice for investors to remain focused on long-term goals. It also details the expected impact on economic data releases and GDP growth."], ["20250930", "The National Assembly of Korea passed the establishment of the new Ministry of Climate, Energy and Environment (MCEE) on September 26, 2025, with its full establishment expected in October. This new Ministry will integrate climate and energy policies with environmental responsibilities, reflecting the government's aim for consistent and expanded implementation. It will absorb most energy-related functions from the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy (MOTIE), including domestic nuclear power development and oversight of 21 energy-related public enterprises, while some resource sector institutions will remain with MOTIE."], ["20250926", "EVgo Inc., a major US charging company, is considering acquiring rival EV charging firms to consolidate the struggling industry. The move comes as a key federal tax credit is ending, adding pressure to an industry already facing challenges from slowing EV sales and intense competition. While other players like ChargePoint and Blink have focused on equipment sales, EVgo's strategy of selling power directly to EVs has allowed it to fare better, experiencing a fivefold increase in charger usage over the last three years."], ["20250924", "Former Vice President Kamala Harris claims in her new book that Joe Rogan \"lied\" about her unwillingness to discuss marijuana legalization on his podcast, asserting that her team had indeed suggested cannabis as a topic. This article, presented as a newsletter, also covers other cannabis and psychedelic policy developments, including a study showing decreased teen marijuana use in Germany post-legalization, new hemp rules in Texas, and efforts to expedite psychedelic research for veterans in California."], ["20250917", "Argentina's Merval index, which comprises more than 20 of the country's leading businesses, has dropped by around 30% thus far this year, making it the worst-performing stock market in the world during the last eight and a half months of 2025. This downturn is largely attributed to President Javier Milei's electoral setback in Buenos Aires, which has intensified market distrust and concerns about the peso's exchange rate. The article details how the stock market's poor performance and the depreciation of the peso have been influenced by political shifts and investor uncertainty."], ["20250916", "Smithfield Foods has donated 103 acres of farmland to the Coharie Tribe of North Carolina, a state-recognized Native American community in Sampson County. This donation was announced during the 55th Coharie Powwow and is seen as a fulfillment of ancestors' visions by the tribal administration, aiming to improve the quality of life for current and future generations. The land gift reflects Smithfield's commitment to community strengthening through investments and partnerships."], ["20250916", "The European Union is considering a U-turn on its 2035 internal combustion engine ban, with EU President Ursula van der Leyen proposing a \"small affordable cars initiative.\" This move, supported by car manufacturers like Stellantis, aims to introduce inexpensive, compact, and efficient petrol-powered vehicles to the market. The initiative seeks to address affordability issues, reduce CO2 emissions from older cars, and compete with Chinese EV manufacturers by creating a new category of European-built, environmentally friendly, and economical cars, similar to Japan's kei class."], ["20250915", "South Korea has announced it will not pursue a complete nuclear phaseout, with nuclear power remaining a part of the country's energy mix. Environment minister Kim Sung-whan stated that the government aims to rapidly reduce coal, oil, and natural gas to tackle climate change, while keeping nuclear energy as a component of its strategy. This clarifies the country's energy policy amidst previous uncertainties regarding the new administration's stance."], ["20250915", "Duke Energy and its foundation have awarded $180,000 in grants to five organizations in Florida to support Hispanic and Latino community members during Hispanic Heritage Month. These grants fund scholarships, professional development workshops, and cultural events. Since 2016, Duke Energy has contributed over $1.2 million to Hispanic/Latino programs in Florida."], ["20250914", "Prime Minister Mark Carney has announced the creation of Build Canada Homes, a new federal agency with a $13 billion budget. This agency is designed to address Canada's housing affordability crisis by accelerating construction, initially focusing on delivering 4,000 factory-built homes on federal land."], ["20250910", "Michigan Democrats are proposing new legislation to create a utility ratepayer's \"bill of rights\" aimed at addressing skyrocketing energy prices, poor service, and the perceived political influence of DTE Energy Company and Consumers Energy. The package seeks to guarantee fair compensation for power outages, tie rate increases to utility performance, and ban political contributions from energy companies. These bills face a tough challenge passing the Republican-controlled House, despite bipartisan concern over high utility rates and unreliable service."], ["20250909", "The article discusses a significant ruling by Italy's Supreme Court of Cassation (SCC) affirming the Italian judiciary's jurisdiction in a climate change lawsuit against the fossil fuel company ENI and its majority shareholders. This decision, stemming from a case brought by Greenpeace, Recommon, and Italian citizens, provides crucial guidance on procedural issues in climate litigation, including the liability of private actors and major shareholders for GHG emissions and related damages. It marks a foundational step for climate change caselaw in Italy, setting precedents for how private companies and their controlling public shareholders can be held accountable for climate inaction."], ["20250903", "California State University, Northridge (CSUN) has opened its Autodesk Technology Engagement Center (ATEC), a state-of-the-art facility designed to inspire and educate future problem-solvers in STEAM fields. The center, supported by over $7 million from Autodesk, offers cutting-edge labs and programming for both CSUN and K-12 students, aiming to foster innovation and provide career opportunities in technology. It also houses the Global Hispanic Serving Institution Equity Innovation Hub and features specialized labs like the High Bay Structural Lab, providing hands-on experience for students from diverse backgrounds."], ["20250919", "Moody\u2019s Ratings has lowered its outlook on Poland's A2 investment-grade rating from stable to negative, signaling a potential downgrade. This decision stems from heightened budget risks exacerbated by ongoing political tensions, which complicate efforts to control the country's fiscal deficit."], ["20250912", "The California Privacy Protection Agency (CPPA) is actively defending its authority to investigate potential CCPA violations that occurred prior to the enactment of the 2023 CCPA Regulations. This stance is highlighted by a lawsuit against Tractor Supply Company, where the CPPA is seeking to enforce a subpoena regarding privacy practices dating back to January 1, 2020. This action underscores the CPPA's position that regulatory changes do not diminish its power to investigate past violations."]]}