{"topic": "economy_monetary", "news": [["20251001", "September, typically a weak month for stocks, unexpectedly saw all three major indices achieve monthly gains, with the S&P 500 logging its best September since 2013, attributed to rate-cut optimism and soft-landing confidence. This positive sentiment fueled a significant demand for leveraged ETFs, as investors sought magnified returns. The article highlights five top-performing leveraged equity ETFs that capitalized on these market conditions, including funds focused on cannabis, travel, electric vehicles, consumer discretionary, and utilities sectors."], ["20251001", "The Highland Opportunities and Income Fund (HFRO) declared a monthly distribution of $0.0385 per share for October 2025, signaling its commitment to consistent income amidst evolving financial markets. This move follows a strategic pivot in January 2024 to a diversified portfolio focused on real estate and private equity, aiming for sustainable payouts aligned with cash flow. The article delves into the implications for investors, the fund's strategy, and broader market contexts like CEF trends and real estate performance, while also highlighting the critical importance of distribution sustainability against the backdrop of a persistent discount to NAV."], ["20251001", "Emerging markets are outperforming global markets, with the iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF up 28.7% and the iShares MSCI BRIC ETF up 23.4%. This surge reflects a global realignment where BRICS+ nations are challenging the G7's dominance through their strengths in technology, energy, commodities, and demographics. Maria Vassalou of Pictet Research Institute explains that this shift presents new opportunities and challenges, impacting investment strategies and global economic dynamics."], ["20251001", "Michigan utility regulators have approved an 8.1% rate hike for Consumers Energy natural gas customers, which will add an estimated $6.44 to the typical residential customer's monthly bill starting in November. The Michigan Public Service Commission (MPSC) also instructed the utility to file an updated 10-year gas delivery plan by the end of 2026 and to provide detailed evidence on efforts to counteract inflation with productivity increases. Additionally, enhancements to a low and moderate-income assistance program and infrastructure investments were approved."], ["20251001", "CarMax stock has plummeted 40% year-to-date and 23% in the last five trading days, currently trading at $44 per share, making it appear inexpensive at 13x trailing earnings and 0.3x sales. However, a weak Q2 FY\u201926 earnings report, cautious management outlook, declining revenues, increased loan loss provisions, and a challenging fundamental picture with significant debt raise concerns about its immediate investment appeal despite some potential future positives like interest rate cuts and cost management."], ["20250930", "As international equities have shown strong performance in 2025, particularly attractive opportunities remain in international small-caps due to their low valuations relative to other international equities. The supportive interest rate environments outside the U.S. can further benefit these small-cap firms. The article highlights the Avantis International Small Cap Value ETF (AVDV) as a potential investment, noting its value-oriented approach and strong year-to-date returns."], ["20250930", "This article identifies three ETFs poised to perform well in a declining interest rate environment: the Invesco S&P MidCap Momentum ETF, the First Trust Small Cap Growth AlphaDEX ETF, and the Invesco KBW Bank Index ETF. It explains that lower borrowing costs benefit mid-cap and small-cap growth companies, and that banks thrive when rates are low enough to stimulate loan activity while still providing good interest income. The article provides details on each ETF's holdings and performance."], ["20250930", "NNN REIT is expected to benefit from upcoming Fed rate cuts, which will improve its refinancing and acquisition opportunities. The company reported strong Q2 results, maintaining high occupancy and a consistent FFO and dividend growth, marking 34 years of increases. Available at attractive valuations (12.5x FFO, 9.84x EBITDA) and offering a 5.66% dividend yield with strong coverage, NNN is presented as an undervalued option for income investors seeking long-term gains."], ["20250930", "Enbridge Gas North Carolina is seeking a 12.37% increase in residential natural gas rates, which would raise the average customer's monthly bill by $6.30. The company argues the increase is necessary to recover infrastructure investment costs and achieve a higher rate of return, while the state's Public Staff suggests potential cost controls like reducing payroll. Enbridge management is optimistic about the approval, expecting a decision by year-end."], ["20250930", "The Sprott Physical Gold and Silver Trust (CEF) has reached an unprecedented all-time high of $36.65 USD, marking a significant 53.79% year-to-date return. This surge is attributed to persistent inflation, geopolitical instability, and increased investor demand for tangible assets, as traditional financial markets face uncertainty. The article details the market dynamics, identifies winners and losers in the precious metals boom, and explores broader implications, suggesting continued bullish trends for gold and silver in the future."], ["20250930", "The BlackRock Municipal Income Trust II (BLE) offers a tax-free yield of about 5.5% from long-term, investment-grade municipal bonds, utilizing leverage and selective holdings. While it minimizes credit risk, the fund carries significant interest rate risk, making it vulnerable to price declines if rates rise. The author notes that a portion of the yield comes from return on capital, and despite the attractive tax-free income for high-tax investors, he prefers funds with more credit risk and shorter duration."], ["20250930", "The cost of home repair and remodeling projects rose 3.4% in the second quarter of last year, exceeding the 2.7% inflation rate, primarily due to higher labor costs. The Verisk Repair and Remodeling Index indicates that these costs are nearly 62% higher than a decade ago. Despite an increase in homeowner spending on maintenance projects in the first half of the year, growth is projected to slow in 2026 due to weakness in the housing market and rising mortgage rates."], ["20250930", "Mach Natural Resources LP (MNR) is an oil and gas exploration and production company with a growing portfolio and a reliable dividend, despite being public only since October 2023. The company recently made two significant acquisitions totaling $1.3 billion, which are expected to nearly double its production and significantly enhance its scale. Wall Street analysts predict a potential upside of 55% to 64% for MNR stock, with forecasts ranging from $20.80 to $22.00 per share."], ["20250930", "The Bank of Japan (BOJ) has indicated its openness to further interest rate hikes, as stated in a Summary of Opinions from its September meeting. Policymakers emphasized the need to assess the economic path without preconceptions, even as they acknowledged potential temporary growth slowdowns from tariffs. The BOJ is navigating future monetary policy with caution, considering market volatility and economic indicators like retail sales and industrial output."], ["20250929", "Shares of The ONE Group Hospitality (STKS) surged after activist investor Randian Capital proposed a comprehensive turnaround plan for the company. The plan includes refocusing on the Benihana brand, selling non-core assets like STK Steakhouse, and implementing financial discipline to boost performance and achieve a $10+ stock price. This news follows a recent stock gain attributed to favorable inflation data, which eased concerns about interest rate hikes."], ["20250929", "Morningstar's David Sekera and Susan Dziubinski discuss current market trends, economic data like PCE and GDP, and the potential impact of a government shutdown. They highlight under- or fairly-valued stocks with growth potential, recommending Taiwan Semiconductor (TSM), Microsoft (MSFT), Hershey (HSY), Ionis Pharmaceuticals (IONS), and Crispr Therapeutics (CRSP) as buys. The discussion also covers recent earnings from Costco (COST) and AutoZone (AZO), Kenvue's (KVUE) stock movement, strategic partnerships for Nvidia (NVDA), and the performance of Marvell Technology (MRVL), Lithium Americas (LAC), and UPS, along with a review of Barrick Mining (B)."], ["20250929", "Newmont Goldcorp's stock reached an all-time high of $87.70, driven by strong operational efficiency and positive market sentiment, with a 132.25% year-to-date return. The company demonstrates strong financial health and is near its Fair Value according to InvestingPro. Recent strategic moves include the first gold pour at the Ahafo North Project, a leadership transition, and the sale of its stake in Orla Mining Ltd., all amid surging gold prices."], ["20250929", "Omega Healthcare Investors (OHI) is rated a Buy due to its resilient and growing 6.4% yield, solid AFFO growth, and robust acquisition pipeline. The company is poised to benefit from interest rate cuts, demographic shifts, and the fragmented senior housing/skilled nursing market, with plans to double in size over the next decade. While policy risks exist, OHI's core revenue from elderly care and fixed rents mitigate major threats, making it an attractive long-term income investment."], ["20250928", "Shares in Sony Financial Group soared 15.86% in its market debut after being spun off from parent company Sony Group, valuing the company at over $6.7 billion. The separation allows the financial arm to raise its own growth capital while Sony Group focuses on entertainment and semiconductors. Meanwhile, most Asia markets traded higher, with the Reserve Bank of Australia holding its cash rate steady."], ["20250928", "BrasilAgro, a leading company in agricultural land investment, has not acquired any farms in the 2024/25 season, despite receiving nearly 400 offers. The company's CEO, Andr\u00e9 Guillaumon, states that land prices, which soared with R$200/saca soybeans, have not yet fallen sufficiently to make acquisitions attractive. BrasilAgro is strategically waiting for prices to drop significantly due to high interest rates and increased farmer indebtedness, aiming to buy assets at liquidation prices during an anticipated peak in the agricultural crisis."], ["20250928", "The NEOS Real Estate High Income ETF (IYRI) closed at $50.24, offering an 8.7% annualized forward yield through a covered call strategy on equity REITs. Despite its short track record and underperformance compared to its category benchmarks, the ETF's monthly income distributions are attracting income-focused investors. The recent Fed rate cut provides a tailwind for the capital-intensive real estate sector by lowering borrowing costs, supporting IYRI's ability to generate option income consistently."], ["20250927", "The iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF (NYSEARCA:TLT) is struggling at $88.90 despite a Federal Reserve rate cut in September 2025, due to persistent elevated long-term Treasury yields (10-year above 4.20%, 30-year near 4.85%). While TLT offers a 4.82% 30-day SEC yield and $3.86 annual distributions, its price action reflects investor skepticism around duration risk and inflation concerns. Technical resistance at $90 and $93, coupled with a 45% discount from its 2020 peak, suggests a complex outlook where it's a \"Buy\" for income strategies but susceptible to volatility."], ["20250926", "The author, Frank Holmes, revisits his 2020 prediction of $4,000 gold, which is now nearing realization. Citing historical context from the \"Nixon Shock\" in 1971 and current exploding global debt, he argues that gold serves as the ultimate hedge against monetary mismanagement. Holmes now projects gold could reach $7,000 per ounce, driven by fiscal imbalances, constrained monetary policy, continuous central bank buying, and robust retail demand, and recommends a 10% portfolio allocation to gold."], ["20250926", "Silver mining stocks saw a rise following inflation data that aligned with expectations, which reinforced hopes for continued interest rate cuts by the Federal Reserve later in the year. Spot silver prices increased by 1.4%, leading to gains in companies like Hecla Mining, Coeur Mining, Endeavour Silver, and Silvercorp Metals, as well as silver-backed ETFs."], ["20250926", "The MSTR stock price has significantly dropped, falling 35% from its year-to-date high and 45% from its all-time high, due to investor concerns about its Bitcoin treasury strategy and increased market saturation. While the Yieldmax MSTR Option Income Strategy ETF (MSTY) offers a high 183% dividend yield through covered calls, its total return has historically lagged behind that of MSTR, making the MSTR stock a better investment despite its volatility. The article also highlights that MicroStrategy's declining mNAV multiple and funding Bitcoin purchases by selling shares are diluting shareholder value."], ["20250926", "Southern Capital Advisors LLC has invested significantly in the VanEck Junior Gold Miners ETF (GDXJ), signaling a strong bullish sentiment for junior gold mining companies and gold prices. This move reflects a broader trend of increasing institutional confidence, fueled by gold's record highs and its role as a safe-haven asset amidst geopolitical and economic uncertainties. The investment suggests a potential \"golden era\" for the gold mining sector, particularly for junior miners benefiting from operational leverage and possible M&A activity."], ["20250926", "Southern Capital Advisors LLC has invested significantly in the VanEck Junior Gold Miners ETF (GDXJ), acquiring 4,065 shares valued at approximately $275,000. This move, disclosed in a Q2 2025 SEC filing, indicates a strong bullish sentiment towards junior gold mining companies and the future of gold prices. The investment reflects increasing institutional confidence in precious metals amidst record gold prices, inflationary pressures, and geopolitical uncertainties, signaling a potentially golden era for the gold mining industry."], ["20250926", "This article highlights two Schwab ETFs, SCHA (US Small-Cap) and SCHF (International Equity), as attractive investment options due to their low costs and specific market conditions. SCHA is positioned to benefit from anticipated interest rate cuts and a shift away from overvalued mega-cap AI stocks, while SCHF is expected to perform well as the U.S. dollar continues its projected decline. Both ETFs are presented as straightforward ways to gain quality exposure without excessive fees."], ["20250926", "The VanEck Gold Miners ETF (GDX) offers investors exposure to gold without physically holding the metal, focusing on companies involved in mining, refining, and selling gold. With over $10 billion in assets, GDX is a popular fund for hedging against inflation or diversifying portfolios. The article details the top 25 holdings, highlighting the largest stakes in Gold Fields Ltd, Kinross Gold Corp, and AngloGold Ashanti Plc, and discusses the ETF's leveraged performance relative to gold prices."], ["20250926", "The Federal Reserve's recent interest rate cut and hints of further adjustments have significantly boosted the Infrastructure Capital Bond Income ETF (BNDS). This actively managed ETF, which focuses on maximizing income through fixed-income securities and option-writing strategies, is positioned to benefit from a dovish monetary policy shift and potentially higher valuations for existing debt securities. With an anticipated 50-basis-point cut in the pipeline, BNDS offers consistent cash flow and expert management, making it an attractive option for income-focused investors in a complex economic environment."], ["20250925", "Jim Cramer highlighted DuPont de Nemours, Inc. (NYSE:DD) as a stock with significant upside potential due to its upcoming split into two distinct companies. He believes the electronics business and the industrials, healthcare, and water business will unlock value, potentially raising the stock's \"sum of the parts\" valuation to $100 from its current trading price of $78. Cramer also suggested that the current negative bias against industrials, coupled with expected Federal Reserve rate cuts, makes it a good time to consider buying stocks in this sector."], ["20250925", "The article discusses how airline stocks are poised for continued growth, especially after recent Federal Reserve interest rate cuts that boost consumer spending. It highlights American Airlines (AAL), United Airlines (UAL), and Delta Air Lines (DAL) as key players, citing their risk-to-reward ratios, strong earnings, and institutional interest. The author suggests these companies are set for further gains, supported by low oil prices and analyst upgrades."], ["20250925", "The iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF (TLT) has historically shown strong performance during economic recessions, serving as a safe-haven asset due to its sensitivity to interest rate changes. This article details TLT's structure, historical performance, market drivers, and strategic uses for investors, while also outlining its limitations and potential future scenarios based on economic conditions. Investors use TLT for hedging, diversification, tactical bets on rate changes, and as part of a balanced portfolio, but need to consider its significant volatility."], ["20250925", "First Merchants Bank is set to merge with a Jeffersonville bank, expanding its presence in the region. The acquisition involves a significant financial exchange, reflecting First Merchants' strategy for growth. This move will integrate the Jeffersonville bank's operations, including its branch network and customer base, into First Merchants' existing structure."], ["20250924", "Conagra Brands (CAG) is projected to report decreased revenue and earnings for Q1 2026, with analysts forecasting a revenue decline of over 6% to $2.62 billion and an EPS drop of 38% to $0.33. The company faces ongoing challenges from inflation, supply chain issues, and weak consumer sentiment, which impacted its Q4 2025 results and are expected to continue into fiscal year 2026. Conagra is focusing on supply chain improvements and growth in specific categories to mitigate these headwinds."], ["20250924", "Bank stocks could experience a rally during Federal Reserve rate-cutting cycles, especially when no recession occurs, according to a Wells Fargo analysis. Many of these banks also offer dividends, which become more attractive as other yields decline. The article highlights several dividend-paying bank stocks favored by Wall Street analysts, such as Huntington Bancshares, Citizens Financial Group, Citigroup, and Bank of America, which are expected to benefit from increased business activity and potential deregulation."], ["20250924", "Costco Wholesale Corp. is set to report quarterly earnings, with analysts largely positive about the company. However, some question Costco's ability to sustain investor satisfaction amidst a higher growth bar, despite its success in attracting customers and keeping prices low. Costco's stock has seen a modest 3% increase this year, a smaller gain compared to previous years."], ["20250924", "The Avantis US Small Cap Value ETF (NYSEARCA:AVUV) closed at $100.18, demonstrating strong performance with a 7.03% annual gain and a 19.27% 5-year return, outperforming its peers. The ETF, with $18.27 billion AUM, leverages an active multifactor strategy and sectoral tilts towards financials and industrials to capitalize on historic valuation gaps favoring small-cap value. Despite potential volatility from Fed rate cut uncertainties, AVUV remains a compelling option for accessing the small-cap value segment."], ["20250924", "Great Southern Bank has maintained its position as the No. 1 bank in deposit market share according to a recent report. While the top three banks held their ranks, there was movement within the top 10. The article notes that access to the full details requires a subscription."], ["20250923", "U.S.-listed silver miners are seeing gains premarket, echoing the rising price of silver. This increase in silver prices, which is nearing a 14-year high, is attributed to growing expectations of further U.S. interest rate cuts, with investors awaiting Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell's speech for policy guidance. Companies like Hecla Mining, Coeur Mining, Endeavour Silver, and Silvercorp Metals, along with silver ETFs, show marginal increases."], ["20250923", "Shares of Rogers, Coherent, Lumen, Xerox, and Magnite plummeted after Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell expressed cautious remarks on the economy, stating equity prices appeared \"fairly highly valued.\" Powell highlighted the challenging task of balancing a weakening labor market with persistent inflation risks, leading to a market-wide sell-off. Despite these declines, the article suggests that significant price drops can create buying opportunities for high-quality stocks, and specifically notes Lumen's recent positive developments regarding its network expansion for AI demand."], ["20250923", "Gold has shown significant strength in 2025, outperforming the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, driven by factors like the Fed's rate cut, a declining dollar, and institutional accumulation. The article suggests this bullish trend is set to continue, with the SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD) having further upside potential. For investors seeking magnified returns, long-dated options on GLD are presented as a way to potentially achieve over 100% gains."], ["20250923", "The commercial real estate sector is currently exhibiting a \"Bearish\" outlook according to the Green Zone Power Rating system, with 90% of the 31 stocks screened rated as \"Bearish\" or \"High Risk.\" This assessment suggests that despite potential interest rate cuts, the data indicates a challenging environment for real estate investments, making it prudent for investors to focus on other sectors."], ["20250922", "A LendingTree analysis reveals that 21% of businesses applying for a loan, line of credit, or merchant cash advance in 2024 were denied, consistent with 22% in 2023. SBA loan applicants faced a 45% denial rate, the highest among all loan types. Denial rates varied significantly by state, institution type, business size, and owner demographics, with Black-owned businesses and smaller firms experiencing higher denial rates."], ["20250922", "VettaFi's Head of Research, Todd Rosenbluth, discusses the VictoryShares Small Cap Free Cash Flow ETF (SFLO) with Chuck Jaffe of Money Life. The SFLO ETF is highlighted as a unique small-cap multifactor ETF focused on free cash flow, with both quality and growth characteristics. The discussion emphasizes its potential benefits from anticipated interest rate cuts and its strong performance in 2025, positioning it as a defensive yet attractive option for small-cap exposure."], ["20250922", "The latest Citi Mexico Expectations Survey indicates that most participants anticipate a 25 basis point rate cut in September 2025. The survey also shows reduced peso expectations for 2025 and 2026, and revised inflation and GDP growth projections, with some figures decreasing and others marginally increasing. The median forecast for the policy rate by Y/E 2025 was reduced to 7.00%."], ["20250922", "U.S. Global Investors (NASDAQ: GROW) announced it will maintain its monthly dividend of $0.0075 per share through December 2025, driven by strong performance in the gold market. The company's U.S. Global GO GOLD and Precious Metal Miners ETF (NYSE: GOAU) hit a new record high of $37.75 per share, representing an 87% increase since the start of 2025, as gold and gold mining companies benefit from high spot prices and anticipated interest rate cuts."], ["20250921", "The iShares S&P 500 ETF (IVV) is highlighted as a strong long-term investment due to its impressive average annual return of 15.3% over the last decade. Key reasons include potential tailwinds from falling US interest rates, its portfolio of high-performing businesses like Nvidia and Apple, and exceptionally low management fees of 0.04%, which enhances compounding growth for investors."], ["20250921", "The Virtus InfraCap U.S. Preferred Stock ETF (PFFA) offers a 9.05% yield, trading at $22.43 with strong sector allocation and income stability, primarily targeting income-focused investors. Despite its higher 2.52% expense ratio and leveraged approach magnifying volatility, PFFA has consistently outperformed its preferred stock ETF peers, leveraging active management to navigate market conditions and deliver competitive returns. The ETF's future performance is closely tied to Federal Reserve policy, with potential benefits from anticipated rate cuts."], ["20250919", "Kentucky First Federal Bancorp announced net income for the three and twelve months ended June 30, 2025, a significant improvement from the net losses in the prior year primarily due to the absence of a goodwill impairment charge. The company also saw increased net interest income and non-interest income, contributing to the positive financial results. Assets and liabilities showed minor changes, with shareholders' equity increasing."], ["20250919", "Peter Hodson, Chief Investment Officer & President of i2i Capital Management, shares his top stock picks for North American small and mid-caps, including Nebius Group, elf Beauty, and CECO Environmental. He highlights a positive market outlook due to falling interest rates and rising corporate earnings, despite global noise. The article also reviews the performance of his past picks from March 2024."], ["20250919", "The ASX 200 Index is experiencing a strong surge, influenced by record-setting performances on Wall Street, particularly due to a significant deal between Nvidia and Intel. Technology and healthcare sectors on the ASX 200 are leading the gains, with several companies like Life360 and Nextdc reaching new multi-year or all-time highs. Overall, nine ASX 200 shares have hit new records, reflecting significant market optimism."], ["20250919", "Brighthouse Financial saw a significant jump after reports of a potential acquisition by Aquarian Holdings. FedEx and Apple shares rose due to better-than-expected earnings and a price target hike, respectively. Conversely, Scholastic, Orla Mining, Intel, and Lennar experienced drops for various reasons, including wider losses, stake sales, a downgrade, and weaker revenue."], ["20250919", "The Fidelity MSCI Energy Index ETF (FENY) is presented as a stable, income-producing investment due to its significant holdings in major oil companies like Exxon, Chevron, and ConocoPhillips, which contribute to a 3.11% dividend yield. The ETF benefits from macroeconomic tailwinds such as inflation, fiscal expansion, and underinvestment in the energy sector, which create tight supply and support higher crude oil prices. Despite lagging the broader market, FENY outperforms energy peers and offers a hedge against inflation for income-focused investors."], ["20250919", "BTIG upgraded Fiverr International Ltd. (NYSE:FVRR) from Neutral to Buy, setting a price target of $31.00, representing a 23% upside. This upgrade follows Fiverr's announcement of a restructuring that will reduce its workforce by approximately 30%, generating about $30 million in cost savings, with the company reiterating its guidance. Despite the restructuring, Fiverr maintains strong fundamentals and trades at a significant discount compared to its peer Upwork."], ["20250919", "Citigroup Inc. analysts argue that the de-dollarization narrative is a \"mirage\" unsupported by economic data, despite the greenback's nearly 9% tumble this year. They posit that the narrative aims to justify dollar weakening caused by unwinding positions and hedge ratio adjustments, rather than a significant shift away from dollar assets. Citi strategists remain bearish on the dollar, forecasting further depreciation against both the euro and the yen."], ["20250918", "Crude oil futures extended losses as traders focused on concerns about U.S. fuel demand and the broader economic outlook, overshadowing earlier enthusiasm for interest rate cuts. This shift occurred a day after the Federal Reserve's first rate reduction of the year. The U.S. government's report on single-family data further contributed to the demand worries."], ["20250918", "Shares of TTM Technologies (TTMI) and Rumble (RUM) surged after the Federal Reserve cut its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points, signaling potential for further reductions. This move, despite initial market pullbacks related to the Fed's \"dot plot,\" positioned major indexes at record levels. The lower interest rates are expected to benefit stocks by reducing borrowing costs for businesses and making fixed-income investments less attractive, driving capital into the equity market."], ["20250918", "RBC Royal Bank has announced a decrease in its prime rate by 25 basis points, moving from 4.95% to 4.70%, effective September 18, 2025. The bank, a global financial institution and Canada's largest, serves over 19 million clients across Canada, the U.S., and 27 other countries. RBC also highlights its commitment to community initiatives through various investments and employee volunteer activities."], ["20250918", "Shares of Health Catalyst, Twilio, Palantir Technologies, Zscaler, and Appian all saw significant jumps in the afternoon session after the Federal Reserve cut its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points for the first time in 2025. This decision, influenced by signs of a weakening labor market, fueled optimism among investors, especially for tech stocks, despite initial concerns from the Fed's \"dot plot\" suggesting fewer cuts than the market had priced in. Lower interest rates are generally seen as positive for stocks as they reduce borrowing costs for businesses and make fixed-income investments less appealing."], ["20250918", "This article by Neils Christensen explores the question of how much gold investors should hold as the Federal Reserve begins a new easing cycle. It discusses this topic in the context of general market conditions and financial strategies, reflecting on the role of gold in an investment portfolio. The piece is part of Kitco News' coverage focusing on precious metals and commodity markets."], ["20250918", "This article identifies top insider-owned growth companies in the U.S. market, focusing on firms with significant insider ownership as a potential indicator of future performance, especially following a Federal Reserve interest rate cut. It highlights three companies\u2014Workday (WDAY), Ryan Specialty Holdings (RYAN), and XPeng (XPEV)\u2014detailing their growth potential, financial health, and strategic initiatives. The analysis emphasizes how insider ownership can signal confidence in a company's prospects amidst varying market conditions."], ["20250918", "Shares of Park-Ohio, Orion, Great Lakes Dredge & Dock, Rivian, and Allient surged following the Federal Reserve's decision to cut interest rates by 25 basis points in 2025, with potential for further reductions. This move, despite initial market overreaction to the Fed's \"dot plot\" revealing only one cut for 2026, is seen as positive for stocks by lowering borrowing costs and making bonds less attractive. Rivian, specifically, saw a 5.4% jump, though its shares remain volatile and below their 52-week high after a recent recall and financial headwinds."], ["20250918", "This article argues that PFF (iShares Preferred and Income Securities ETF) is a more attractive investment than HYG (iShares iBoxx $ High Yield Corporate Bond ETF) in a Federal Reserve easing cycle. PFF offers a higher yield, better credit quality, and lower fees, and has outperformed recently due to expectations of falling rates. While PFF has risks related to sector concentration, its underlying financial institutions are well-capitalized, making it more suitable for investors seeking yield and stability compared to HYG's higher credit risk."], ["20250918", "Spot Bitcoin ETFs experienced their first daily outflows in over a week, losing $51.28 million, following the Federal Reserve's more cautious economic outlook. Although the Fed lowered its benchmark rate as expected, it signaled fewer future cuts than anticipated, causing market uncertainty and a mild pullback in risk assets. Ethereum ETFs also saw redemptions for the second consecutive day, while cryptocurrency prices, including Bitcoin and Ether, edged slightly higher."], ["20250918", "Northwest Bank has announced a reduction in its prime lending rate from 7.50 percent to 7.25 percent, effective September 18, 2025. This follows a previous decrease in December 2024 from 7.75 percent to 7.50 percent. Northwest Bank is a full-service financial institution headquartered in Columbus, Ohio, operating 151 financial centers across Pennsylvania, New York, Ohio, and Indiana."], ["20250917", "Wells Fargo Bank announced it is decreasing its prime rate to 7.25 percent from 7.50 percent, effective September 18, 2025. This change was communicated via a business wire press release. Wells Fargo is a leading financial services company with approximately $2.0 trillion in assets."], ["20250917", "PNC Bank, N.A. announced a decrease in its prime lending rate to 7.25%, effective September 18, 2025. PNC Bank is a major diversified financial services institution in the United States, offering a wide range of banking, lending, wealth management, and asset management services. This adjustment reflects its ongoing operations as a financial services provider."], ["20250917", "M&T Bank announced a decrease in its prime lending rate by 25 basis points, from 7.50% to 7.25%, effective September 18, 2025. This adjustment reflects broader interest rate changes and is expected to influence various lending products. On the news, M&T Bank's stock (MTB) saw a positive market reaction, gaining 1.70%."], ["20250917", "Ted Koenig, Chairman and CEO of Monroe Capital LLC, advocates for the Federal Reserve's independence and data-driven decisions on interest rates, especially as markets anticipate a potential rate reduction. He stresses the need for incremental and telegraphed policy changes to maintain market credibility and investor confidence, cautioning against premature cuts that could reignite inflation. Monroe Capital, operating in private credit, emphasizes that predictable policy supports healthy underwriting and disciplined pricing for middle-market borrowers."], ["20250917", "Huntington Bancshares (Nasdaq: HBAN) has announced a reduction in its prime rate from 7.5% to 7.25%, effective September 18, 2025. This marks the bank's second prime rate decrease in recent months, following a previous reduction from 7.75% to 7.5% on December 19, 2024. The reduction could lead to lower borrowing costs for customers but may reduce interest income for the bank."], ["20250917", "KeyCorp has announced a reduction in its prime lending rate from 7.50% to 7.25%, effective September 18, 2025. The bank, which celebrates its bicentennial in 2025, manages approximately $185 billion in assets and serves customers across 15 states through KeyBank National Association. This move impacts KeyCorp and its banking affiliates and reflects its extensive market presence in the financial services sector."], ["20250917", "Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. announced it is decreasing its prime rate to 7.25 percent from 7.50 percent, effective September 18, 2025. This change reflects current market conditions and impacts various lending products. Wells Fargo continues to be a leading financial services company with significant assets and diverse offerings."], ["20250917", "Brent Beardall, President and CEO of WaFd Bank, shared his thoughts on the Federal Reserve's upcoming rate cut, expressing confusion about its timing. He discussed whether current financial conditions are restrictive and touched upon the Fed's mandate. The article highlights an interview where Beardall delves into these economic topics."], ["20250917", "This article previews Lennar's Q3 earnings, focusing on how potential Federal Reserve rate cuts and falling mortgage rates could impact the homebuilder's stock. Analysts' estimates for revenue and EPS are provided, alongside expert opinions on the stock's performance and key factors to watch, including Warren Buffett's increased stake in the company."], ["20250917", "Bank of America Global Research predicts gold reaching $4,000 per ounce by Q2 2026, but notes the current rally is less dramatic compared to historical peaks. Despite reaching new price thresholds, gold's proportion of the global equity market remains below previous highs, suggesting potential for further growth if current economic trends continue. Gold mining ETFs, such as Themes Gold Miners ETF (AUMI) and VanEck Gold Miners ETF (GDX), have significantly outperformed broader markets this year."], ["20250917", "GD Culture Group's stock plummeted 28% following its announcement to acquire 7,500 Bitcoin, valued at $879 million, making it potentially the 14th largest corporate BTC holder. Despite this strategic move to bolster its digital asset treasury, investor skepticism led to a significant stock decline. Analysts suggest that future Fed rate cuts could positively impact Bitcoin values and subsequently benefit corporate BTC treasury strategies, even as the market currently shows resistance."], ["20250916", "The average American credit score has dropped for the second consecutive year, reaching 715, marking the largest two-year drop since 2009. This decline is attributed to rising household debt, high interest rates, and inflation, with Gen Z experiencing the most significant decrease due to student loan delinquency reporting. The report highlights a \"K-shaped economy,\" showing increased financial stress for some borrowers while others benefit from market gains."], ["20250916", "Alphabet Inc. has achieved a $3 trillion market capitalization, making it the third American corporation to do so. This growth is primarily attributed to advancements in artificial intelligence and a favorable US court ruling concerning its Chrome browser and Android operating system. The company's advertising business remains a major earner, alongside increasing profits from its cloud services, driven by investments in chips and the Gemini AI model."], ["20250916", "Realty Income stock is presented as a compelling buy due to its attractive dividend income, which consistently increases and boasts a yield significantly above the S&P 500 average. The article argues that its valuation is more favorable than it appears when using Funds From Operations (FFO) rather than earnings, and anticipates that falling interest rates will further boost the company's profitability through refinancing and increased acquisition opportunities. These factors are expected to lead to higher FFO income, increased dividends, and a rising stock price for the stable real estate business."], ["20250916", "J.M. Smucker plans to raise coffee prices for a third time this year, projecting an overall hike of over 20% due to rising sourcing costs and U.S. tariffs on imported beans from Brazil and Vietnam. This move is expected to dampen coffee sales volume, but the company anticipates an additional $100 million in revenue. Smucker believes the coffee category will remain resilient despite inflationary pressures, given consumer habits and at-home consumption."], ["20250915", "Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (PEB) recently announced Q3 cash dividends for both common and preferred shares, following a 23% increase in share price over the last quarter. This positive movement is attributed to steady dividend announcements, revised full-year earnings guidance reducing expected net losses, and a supportive broader market. Despite a five-year loss of 2.28% and current unprofitability, PEB's focus on asset reinvestment and AI technology aims to improve long-term margins."], ["20250915", "NovoCure (NVCR) has secured approval in Japan for its Optune Lua\u00ae device to treat non-small cell lung cancer, which contributed to a 3.58% stock increase over the last month. Despite this gain and an analyst price target of US$27.19, the company's shares have declined 32.35% over the past year, underperforming the US Medical Equipment industry. Analysts project NovoCure to remain unprofitable for the next three years, indicating challenges in adoption and reimbursement even with strategic approvals."], ["20250915", "Medtronic (NYSE: MDT) announced the pricing of \u20ac1.5 billion in senior notes through its subsidiary Medtronic, Inc. The offering comprises \u20ac750 million of 2.950% senior notes due 2030 and \u20ac750 million of 4.200% senior notes due 2045. The proceeds will be used to repay existing notes from Medtronic Luxco, thereby extending the company's debt maturity profile."], ["20250915", "OFS Credit Company, Inc. announced an unaudited estimate of its Net Asset Value (NAV) per share at August 31, 2025, to be between $5.81 and $5.91. The company cautioned that this estimate is preliminary and may differ materially from future determinations, citing potential impacts from interest rates, geopolitical events, U.S. presidential administration policies, and economic instability. OFS Credit Company is a closed-end management investment company primarily focused on CLO equity and debt securities."], ["20250915", "Sheetz announced it will raise prices on certain Hershey's candies by 26% starting September 17, attributing the increase to \"supply issues\" cited by Hershey. This move follows elevated cocoa prices and anticipates other convenience stores will likely follow suit, as candy remains a significant sales category. Hershey is not alone, with other chocolate manufacturers also implementing price increases."], ["20250914", "The VOO ETF has shown an 18% return in the past year and trades at a P/E ratio of 9.4x, suggesting undervaluation with a fair value near $949 per share. While the ETF benefits from potential Fed rate cuts and fiscal stimulus, it faces vulnerability from inflation, particularly a 2.9% year-over-year CPI, and tariff-driven shocks affecting its heavily weighted technology and consumer sectors. Despite these risks and stretched valuations (S&P 500 P/B of 5.3x), VOO is rated a Buy due to its diversification, low expense ratio, and long-term compounding benefits."], ["20250914", "Gold prices have surged 39% this year, driven by geopolitical tensions, high inflation, and central bank hoarding, which has seen institutions accumulate over 1,000 tons of gold annually for the past three years. The Federal Reserve's anticipated interest rate cuts are expected to further boost gold's appeal by weakening the dollar. Investors looking to capitalize on this trend can consider the iShares MSCI Global Gold Miners ETF (RING), which offers diversification in gold mining stocks and has already doubled in price this year."], ["20250913", "The iShares MSCI World ETF is experiencing a record hunt driven by the AI boom, primarily due to its strong focus on US technology stocks like NVIDIA and Microsoft. While this concentration has led to outstanding performance, it also carries significant risks due to high dependency on a few mega-cap companies. The article questions the sustainability of this strategy given valuation concerns and the influence of interest rate expectations on investor risk appetite."], ["20250913", "Despite signs of economic deceleration, Morgan Stanley identifies three undervalued small- and mid-cap stocks\u2014Wayfair (W), Cinemark (CNK), and Lionsgate Studio (LION)\u2014poised for significant gains in Q4 2025 due to potential Federal Reserve rate cuts and company-specific catalysts. Wayfair could see a further rally from improving housing sentiment, Cinemark is expected to rebound as the movie industry recovers, and Lionsgate Studio is positioned for growth after its split from Starz. These picks offer upside potential ranging from 18% to 44%, making them attractive for the year's final quarter."], ["20250912", "Definity Financial Corporation plans to raise $1 billion through a private placement of senior unsecured notes to finance its acquisition of Travelers Canada operations for $3.3 billion. The offering is split into two series of notes maturing in 2030 and 2035 and is expected to close on September 12, 2025. This move aligns with a trend of Canadian insurers using debt markets for M&A and expansion, with analysts noting resilient investor appetite despite higher borrowing costs."], ["20250912", "BlackRock Income Trust (BKT) has announced a transferable rights offering for its shareholders, allowing them to subscribe for additional shares at a discount to the market price. The offering aims to increase the Fund's assets to capitalize on investment opportunities in Agency mortgage-backed securities (MBS) amidst falling interest rates, which the Adviser believes will provide attractive yields and benefit shareholders. The Adviser will bear all expenses of the offering, and the fund expects to maintain its current distribution level."], ["20250912", "BlackRock Income Trust (BKT) has announced the terms of a transferable rights offering for its common shareholders, allowing them to subscribe for additional shares at a discount. The offering aims to increase the Fund's assets to leverage investment opportunities consistent with its objective of capital preservation and high monthly income. BlackRock Advisors, LLC will bear all expenses related to the offer, emphasizing potential benefits including an attractive opportunity set in agency mortgage-backed securities, high-quality diversification, and enhanced liquidity."], ["20250912", "Gold mining equities are experiencing a blockbuster year in 2025 as gold prices hit new all-time highs in multiple currencies, driven by global fear and uncertainty, central bank buying, and increased ETF inflows. Unlike past bull markets, miners are demonstrating discipline by focusing on operational efficiency, strong balance sheets, and returning cash to shareholders through dividends and buybacks, making the current rally fundamentally healthier. With average all-in sustaining costs well below spot prices and growing recession warnings, gold and gold miners present a golden opportunity for investors, justifying a recommended 10% portfolio weighting."], ["20250912", "The author rates BITO as a BUY, anticipating a bullish outlook for Bitcoin due to expected Fed rate cuts and increasing institutional adoption. BITO, which utilizes Bitcoin Futures, is presented as an attractive income-focused alternative to spot Bitcoin ETFs, offering high yield and monthly distributions with relatively lower volatility and risk management options. The article suggests BITO is suitable for investors seeking total returns with Bitcoin exposure and active risk/income management."], ["20250911", "L3Harris Technologies (LHX) has completed a new spacecraft manufacturing facility with The Austin Company, aiming to enhance its advanced aerospace capabilities. This development, amid robust corporate earnings and market optimism, has contributed to a 10% stock increase last quarter. While the stock trades below analyst targets, the expansion could influence future revenue growth and investor confidence in meeting earnings forecasts."], ["20250911", "Charles River Laboratories International (CRL) announced new collaborations with the Parker Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy and Children's Hospital Los Angeles to advance oncology research. This news comes after a 2.91% price increase for CRL shares over the past month, influenced by broader market trends and the company's strategic efforts in advanced therapeutics. Despite a 20.83% decline in total shareholder return over the last year, these partnerships are expected to positively impact future revenue and earnings, with analysts forecasting a significant turnaround in earnings by 2028."], ["20250911", "Airfares in the U.S. increased by 3.3% in August year-over-year, outpacing the 3.1% rise in core inflation. This jump indicates strong booking trends for airlines. The data, compiled by the Bureau of Transportation Statistics, suggests continued demand in the travel sector."], ["20250911", "BofA Securities downgraded Bancolombia S.A. (NYSE:CIB) from Neutral to Underperform due to changing economic and political conditions in Colombia, despite the stock's impressive 87% year-to-date return. The downgrade considers potential risks to 2026 net income estimates from expected interest rate cuts and Colombia's challenging fiscal outlook. This follows a previous upgrade to Neutral after Bancolombia's strong quarterly earnings beat."], ["20250911", "Origin Bancorp's stock fell by 6.1% after disclosing that a customer, Tricolor Holdings, filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy, leading to $30.1 million in loans being placed on non-accrual status. This event, coupled with the resignation of a board member who is Tricolor's CEO, raises concerns about potential losses for the bank. Despite the current dip, the stock has shown positive year-to-date performance."], ["20250910", "Seabridge Gold Inc. is facing a legal challenge regarding the \"Substantially Started\" designation for its KSM project in British Columbia, with a court hearing scheduled for late September. The company is seeking a joint venture partner for the massive gold-copper project and is confident in its legal position, even as gold prices continue to soar amidst global uncertainty, reaching new record highs and prompting optimistic forecasts from analysts. Seabridge is also progressing with other projects in its portfolio, including Iskut and Courageous Lake, which offer future funding potential."], ["20250910", "Brookfield Asset Management CEO Bruce Flatt is highly optimistic about a real estate rebound, particularly in New York, citing a lack of new construction and anticipated U.S. interest rate cuts. He projects a significant increase in rents over the next five years due to supply-demand dynamics and believes financing in real estate is becoming easier globally. Flatt also highlighted artificial intelligence as a \"trillion-dollar opportunity\" for Brookfield, expecting it to become their largest business within a decade, involving substantial real estate-focused investments."], ["20250910", "Shares of BJ's Restaurants (BJRI) fell 3.5% after competitor Portillo's significantly lowered its 2025 financial outlook, indicating broader weakness in the casual dining sector. This news has raised investor concerns about consumer spending and the overall health of the restaurant industry. BJ's shares are down 12.2% year-to-date and are trading 32.6% below their 52-week high, despite previous positive news regarding steady inflation."], ["20250910", "The VOO and SPY ETFs, tracking the S&P 500, are at all-time highs but show signs of an imminent retreat according to technical analysis, including a rising wedge pattern and bearish divergence in indicators. Fundamentally, factors like \"buying the rumor, selling the news\" ahead of an anticipated Federal Reserve rate cut, slowing inflows into S&P 500 funds, and a potential slowdown in the AI industry could trigger a pullback. Investors are advised to anticipate a potential dip, possibly to the $560 support level, before an uptrend resumes."], ["20250910", "K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. announced its intention to offer $900 million in Senior Notes due 2031 and 2033 through a private placement. The proceeds will be used to redeem existing secured notes, repay a term loan facility, and cover offering-related fees. This strategic move aims to optimize the company's debt structure and extend maturities."], ["20250910", "The article discusses the enduring appeal of tech stocks despite economic challenges, leading to new highs for the Nasdaq Composite. It highlights the Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Technology ETF (RSPT) as an attractive option, performing well in 2025. The strong performance is linked to market expectations of imminent Federal Reserve interest rate cuts, which are historically beneficial for the tech sector."], ["20250910", "Dakota Gold Corp. provided an update on its 2025 drilling campaign for the Richmond Hill Oxide Heap Leach Gold Project in South Dakota, reporting positive metallurgical testing results. Canaccord Genuity Capital Markets Analyst Peter Bell reiterated a \"Speculative Buy\" rating with a target price of US$12.75, citing high-grade interceptions and potential for enhanced project economics. The company is advancing towards a feasibility study expected in early 2027, while gold prices continue to surge internationally."], ["20250909", "DOMA Perpetual Capital Management LLC, a significant stockholder of InMode Ltd. (NYSE: INMD), sent a letter to InMode's Board of Directors urging them to return capital to shareholders. The letter argues that InMode's valuation is depressed partly due to management's chaotic leadership, consistent guidance cuts, and negative comments about capital allocation. DOMA Perpetual recommends that the Board approve and execute a 10% share buyback in Q4 2025 and another 10% in Q1 2026, emphasizing the company's substantial cash reserves and no debt."], ["20250909", "Morningstar strategists discuss the economic outlook, including tariffs, inflation, jobs, and the Federal Reserve's potential interest rate cuts. They review recent company earnings for Nvidia, Marvell Technology, and Alphabet, and analyze stock picks like Bath & Body Works, Constellation Brands, and Kraft Heinz. The article concludes with five stock recommendations across real estate, homebuilding, building products, financials, and energy sectors that are positioned to benefit from falling interest rates."], ["20250908", "Peter Schiff has warned investors to \"Get out of the U.S. dollar now,\" as the greenback approaches a 7-week low, driven by anticipation of a looming Federal Reserve rate cut. The U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) has dropped nearly 1% since the recent jobs report, and attention is now focused on the BLS's annual revision, which is expected to show a significant downward adjustment in job additions. A confirmed weak labor market is seen as the catalyst for the Fed's first rate cut this year, further pressuring the dollar."], ["20250908", "Microsoft (MSFT) has partnered with Cerence Inc. to launch a mobile work AI agent, integrating vehicle solutions with Microsoft 365 Copilot, aiming to strengthen its AI and cloud service growth drivers. Despite lagging the US Software industry in the past year, Microsoft's stock shows potential for appreciation, trading at a 24% discount to analysts' consensus price target. The company's strategic moves, like Azure OpenAI initiatives and consistent quarterly dividends, reflect investor confidence, though one weakness in Microsoft's strategy is noted."], ["20250908", "This article discusses the benefits of investing in Japanese small-cap companies, particularly through the Japan Smaller Capitalization Fund (JOF), highlighting their valuation and financial strength amidst a resilient Japanese economy. While the current discount on JOF is only mildly appealing after a strong bull run, the article suggests it's a good vehicle for accumulation during dips or to hold while considering other value/small-cap Japanese ETFs."], ["20250908", "Dogecoin's price surged 7% to $0.231, driven by anticipation of the Rex-Osprey DOGE ETF launch, expected this week with a 94% approval probability on Polymarket. Trading volumes increased by 123% to $2.6 billion, and analysts predict price targets range from $0.50 to $1.40 as DOGE breaks key resistance levels. This rally is supported by a broader altcoin market uptrend, influenced by expectations of a Federal Reserve rate cut."], ["20250908", "Emerging market countries and companies are rapidly issuing bonds, taking advantage of high investor appetite for EM assets despite potential global debt market swings. This bond issuance, including significant deals from Saudi Arabia and Petrobras, is on pace for a record year, driven by a \"risk-on\" moment as investors seek higher yields compared to developed markets. Analysts forecast continued strong issuance and anticipate further debt sales from various sovereign and corporate entities in the developing world."], ["20250905", "Shares of Rocket Companies (RKT) surged 6% following the approval of its $9.4 billion all-stock merger with Mr. Cooper Group Inc., a move that will integrate Mr. Cooper's servicing platform into Rocket's operations. The positive market sentiment was further supported by economic data suggesting potential interest rate decreases, which would benefit mortgage lenders. Rocket's strong performance, exceeding Wall Street expectations in Q2 and providing robust Q3 guidance, also contributed to investor optimism, pushing its shares above the average analyst price target."], ["20250905", "The Silver Miners ETF (SIL) has reached a new 52-week high at $61.54, driven by strong pre-market momentum and growing investor confidence in silver mining stocks. This surge reflects increased demand for silver in industrial and green energy sectors, persistent inflation concerns, and investors seeking higher-beta commodity exposure. The ETF's impressive performance and technical position suggest a potential continuation of the silver mining rally."], ["20250905", "Several banking stocks, including Customers Bancorp, JPMorgan Chase, First Citizens BancShares, Coastal Financial, and Zions Bancorporation, experienced a downturn following a weaker-than-expected August jobs report that sparked concerns about the U.S. economy. The report indicated a significant miss in job creation and an uptick in unemployment, leading to fears of a more pronounced economic slowdown despite investor hopes for a Federal Reserve interest rate cut. This economic uncertainty led to a flight to safety in government bonds, pushing Treasury yields down and impacting the stock market."], ["20250905", "Mr. Cooper Group Inc. shareholders have approved an all-stock merger with Rocket Companies Inc., valued at $9.4 billion, causing shares of both companies to rise significantly. The market sentiment was further boosted by softer-than-expected U.S. jobs data, which fueled hopes for a rate cut. Post-merger, Rocket's mortgage servicing portfolio is projected to exceed $2.1 trillion, covering nearly one in six U.S. mortgages."], ["20250905", "UOB Asset Management has launched \"UOBAM Gold+\", a new gold strategy in Singapore that blends physically backed gold bullion and gold miners. The strategy allocates 49% to the SPDR Gold MiniShares Trust ETF, 49% to the United Gold & General Fund, and holds 2% as a cash buffer, rebalancing quarterly. This aims to offer investors stability from physical gold and growth potential from mining stocks, especially as gold prices hit all-time highs."], ["20250905", "The Citi Mexico Expectations Survey (September 5, 2025) indicates that most participants expect a 25bps rate cut in September 2025, with the median policy rate forecast for Y/E 2025 reduced to 7.25%. Peso expectations for 2026 were lowered, while inflation projections for 2025 remained stable. GDP growth median expectations increased slightly for 2025 to 0.5%."], ["20250904", "Hormel Foods considers multiple factors before implementing price increases, including consumer sentiment, commodity markets, inflation, and cost of goods. Company president John Ghingo stated that pricing decisions are \"very measured, thoughtful, strategic\" and focused on strong brands that can maintain momentum without alienating consumers. This approach was successfully applied to Jennie-O ground turkey products, which saw price increases due to supply chain pressures."], ["20250904", "Customers Bancorp (NYSE:CUBI) shares fell 3.8% following the announcement of a public stock offering of 2,189,781 shares at $68.50 each, expected to raise $150 million for general corporate purposes and organic growth. This short-term dip is attributed to shareholder dilution, even though the stock has shown strong year-to-date performance, up 47.1% since January. The offering comes after a period of volatility and a recent rally driven by potential interest rate cuts."], ["20250904", "Cardinal Health (CAH) has expanded its At-Home Solutions network by opening a new distribution center in Fort Worth, Texas, which utilizes advanced automation technology to enhance distribution capabilities. This strategic move aims to improve operational efficiencies and support growth in specialty and home healthcare. Despite a flat immediate share price movement, analysts project a nearly 20% upside potential for CAH, reflecting expectations for continued revenue growth despite regulatory and competitive pressures."], ["20250904", "Gold prices are climbing to historic levels above $3,500 an ounce, driven by anticipated U.S. Federal Reserve interest rate cuts, economic uncertainty, and record central bank purchasing. The VanEck Gold Miners ETF (GDX) offers a compelling way to capitalize on this rally, amplifying returns through operational leverage while managing risk through diversification across 71 companies. Significant call options volume indicates a bullish sentiment, suggesting continued upside for GDX."], ["20250904", "The upcoming ADP Employment Change report for August is anticipated to show 68,000 new private sector jobs in the US, a figure critical for determining the Federal Reserve's monetary policy ahead of its September meeting. Following July's weak Nonfarm Payrolls, investors are closely watching this report for signs of labor market weakness, which could reinforce expectations for a September interest rate cut and potentially trigger further US Dollar selling pressure. The market consensus forecasts 68K new jobs, a decrease from July's 104K, with strong implications for the Fed's easing cycle."], ["20250904", "Goldman Sachs analysts predict gold prices could reach nearly $5,000 per ounce, particularly if the Federal Reserve's independence is compromised, leading to investors shifting just 1% of their Treasury holdings into gold. This forecast is based on potential damage to Fed independence causing higher inflation, lower stock and bond prices, and erosion of the dollar's reserve currency status. Economist Peter Schiff echoes these concerns, suggesting gold's rally reflects a loss of confidence in U.S. fiscal and monetary policy rather than just inflation."], ["20250903", "UOB Asset Management (UOBAM) has introduced a new managed portfolio solution called UOBAM Gold+, designed to offer investors exposure to the global gold market. This portfolio combines physically backed gold bullion with diversified gold-focused mining equities, aiming to provide stability during market volatility and capture growth potential. The launch comes in response to renewed demand for gold, driven by inflation risks, shifting interest rates, and geopolitical uncertainties."], ["20250903", "Campbell\u2019s Co expects sales to decline by as much as 2 percent in the coming fiscal year due to tariff-driven economic uncertainty, which is anticipated to account for about 4 percent of its cost of goods. The company plans to mitigate these costs through price increases and other savings. Additionally, Campbell's announced it would stop using artificial dyes in its products by the second half of its 2026 fiscal year, replacing them with natural alternatives."], ["20250902", "This article highlights Sibanye Stillwater Ltd. (NYSE:SBSW) as one of the ten power stocks performing strongly on Wall Street, with seven hitting all-time highs. The company saw a significant jump in stock price following a raised price target from BMO Capital and an increase in gold prices. Sibanye Stillwater reported substantial growth in headline earnings and a narrowed net loss in the first half of the year."], ["20250902", "Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) announced a 2.1% decrease in residential electric rates effective September 1, leading to an approximate $5 reduction in typical monthly bills. Additionally, residential electric customers will receive a $58.23 California Climate Credit in their October billing cycle. This rate decrease comes as PG&E completes wildfire safety projects and implements cost-saving measures, going against a national trend of rising electric prices."], ["20250902", "Annaly Capital Management (NLY) has seen a surge in investor interest and analyst upgrades due to its strong liquidity, sustainable dividend, and positive stock performance, with shares up roughly 21% over the past year. While market commentators generally view NLY as fairly valued with a consensus price target of $20.93, a discounted cash flow (DCF) model by Simply Wall St suggests the stock might be undervalued. Investors are encouraged to explore potential risks and different valuation perspectives to form their own informed narrative."], ["20250902", "Dominion Energy is proposing a 15% increase in electricity rates for Virginians, which would add about $21 to the average monthly bill within two years. This proposal is sparking public concern, with many residents and environmental groups questioning if data centers, which are significant energy users, are contributing their fair share to the electricity grid's costs. Dominion Energy argues that rising costs for fuel and materials necessitate the increase and is proposing a new rate class for high-energy users like data centers to ensure they pay their appropriate share."], ["20250902", "Oxford Industries (OXM) shares fell 4.2% due to broader market retreats, profit-taking, and renewed concerns about tariffs following a federal court ruling. Rising Treasury yields and September's historically weak stock performance further dampened investor sentiment. The company's stock is down 45.6% year-to-date and is trading significantly below its 52-week high."], ["20250902", "McDonald's Corporation (NYSE: MCD) has strengthened its financial position by issuing $1.3 billion in medium-term notes, consisting of $550 million at 4.400% due 2031 and $750 million at 5% due 2036. This strategic move, part of an ongoing program, allows the company to secure long-term financing at fixed interest rates. The goal is to maintain robust financial liquidity and flexibility to support its strategic initiatives."], ["20250902", "Exchange-traded funds focused on the home-building industry saw significant gains on Wednesday, outperforming the S&P 500. This increase was attributed to a retreat in bond market interest rates, with the 10-year Treasury note yield declining. The iShares U.S. Home Construction ETF and SPDR S&P Homebuilders ETF both climbed, reflecting investor response to easing bond yields."], ["20250902", "Franklin Templeton predicts that yields on 30-year UK bonds will exceed 6% by the end of the year, driven by declining investor confidence in the nation's fiscal stability. This forecast comes as long-dated gilt yields have already reached 5.69%, their highest point since 1998. The firm's outlook suggests continued pressure on the UK bond market."], ["20250902", "The SPDR Gold Shares (GLD) led ETF inflows with $2.3 billion as gold prices neared record highs, driven by investor demand for safety. The iShares Russell 2000 ETF (IWM) also saw significant inflows after a hint of a September rate cut, while the iShares Ethereum Trust (ETHA) attracted $1.1 billion as ether briefly hit record territory. Overall, U.S.-listed ETFs gathered $34.3 billion during the week ending August 29, pushing year-to-date inflows to $793 billion."], ["20250902", "This article identifies 10 stocks that top US fund managers have been buying in 2025, amidst market uncertainties. It details each stock pick with commentary from Morningstar analysts, including fair value estimates, price/fair value ratios, and sector information. The selections include a mix of undervalued and fairly valued companies across various sectors, based on an analysis of Morningstar's highest-rated active funds."], ["20250901", "Samuel Adams, co-founder of Vert Asset Management, believes REITs are currently undervalued, trading at a 20% discount to net asset value, and are not as susceptible to interest rate fluctuations as commonly perceived. He emphasizes the growing importance of sustainable practices in real estate, noting that green buildings financially outperform regular ones and attract tenants and better financing. Vert Asset Management integrates sustainability metrics like green building certifications, carbon emission reduction, and climate resiliency efforts to identify leading REITs for its portfolio."], ["20250901", "Fabi\u00e1n Kon, CEO del Banco Galicia, emphasizes the crucial role of credit in Argentina's economic development, noting that in late 2024, credit represented only 5% of the GDP. He highlights the bank's efforts to expand lending to the private sector and key industries, stressing the need for a stable currency and a deep, sustainable credit market. Kon envisions a future where Argentina achieves economic stability and growth, with a robust financial system driving development."], ["20250901", "Silver futures surged past $40 per ounce, marking it as 2025's top-performing asset with a 40.7% year-to-date return, driven by anticipated Fed rate cuts, supply tightness, and geopolitical instability in Europe. Analysts predict further gains, with some forecasting silver could reach $43 by year-end and potentially $50 in 2025, supported by strong ETF demand and futures positioning. This performance significantly outpaces gold, the Invesco QQQ Trust, the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust, and Bitcoin."], ["20250901", "Argentina's two largest private banks, Grupo Financiero Galicia (GGAL) and Banco Macro (BMA), anticipate a challenging third quarter marked by compressed profit margins and rising consumer loan defaults. They attribute these pressures to increased interest rates and a volatile regulatory environment. Despite the short-term headwinds, both banks expect a gradual normalization of these conditions following the next legislative elections, projecting a recovery in margins and stabilization of loan quality."], ["20251001", "Bally's, Offerpad, Zillow, and Clarus shares declined following a significant drop in the Conference Board's September Consumer Confidence Index, driven by job market pessimism and inflation concerns. This economic news, coupled with a cooling housing market and potential government shutdown, led investors to pull back from consumer-dependent sectors. Offerpad experienced high volatility but had recently gained due to positive inflation data."], ["20251001", "Gold futures have reached a record high, exceeding $4,000 an ounce, with some experts like Goldman Sachs predicting a potential rise to $5,000. This surge is attributed to anticipated Federal Reserve rate cuts, inflation concerns, geopolitical tensions, and increased central bank demand. Financial experts offer diverse opinions on investing in gold now, with some viewing it as essential portfolio insurance against economic uncertainty and others cautioning against it due to its lack of income generation and higher tax rates."], ["20250930", "Joe Terranova, Bryn Talkington, Jenny Van Leeuwen Harrington, and Stephen Weiss shared their \"final trades\" on CNBC's \"Halftime Report\". Terranova chose Morgan Stanley, Talkington picked iShares Ethereum Trust ETF, Harrington selected The Charles Schwab Corporation due to high share prices and Fed rate cuts, and Weiss recommended Leidos Holdings. The article also provides a brief overview of recent stock performance for these companies."], ["20250930", "Silver ETFs are near a 52-week high, driven by the metal's status as a top-performing commodity in 2025. Key factors contributing to this surge include substantial industrial demand from green energy initiatives like solar power and electric vehicles, a weakening U.S. dollar due to expected Fed rate cuts, and increased safe-haven demand amid rising risks of a U.S. government shutdown. These elements collectively make silver an attractive investment."], ["20250930", "The VanEck Junior Gold Miners ETF (GDXJ) is currently in a bullish phase, according to Elliott Wave analysis, suggesting significant upward movement with a key pivot at $26.10. This positive technical outlook is reinforced by the macroeconomic environment, including gold prices breaking above $2,550 per ounce due to higher-than-expected US inflation and a potential pause in the Federal Reserve's tightening cycle. Traders might consider strategies like buying call options or bull call spreads, maintaining a close watch on the $26.10 support level for risk management."], ["20250929", "AGNC Investment is highlighted as a premier mortgage REIT poised to benefit from recent and anticipated Federal Reserve rate cuts. Lower federal funds rates are expected to reduce AGNC's financing costs and boost book value through higher mortgage-backed securities valuations, while the company has shown a positive net interest income trend for three consecutive quarters. Despite trading at a premium to book value due to investor optimism, the author maintains a bullish rating, citing the strong NII trend and attractive monthly dividend for income investors."], ["20250929", "The ASX saw a 0.7% gain, with healthcare and banks leading the rally. Novonix (ASX:NVX) surged 17% after successfully delivering its first batch of industrial-grade synthetic graphite, while WiseTech Global (ASX:WTC) shares dipped as its founder continued to sell off holdings. Gold prices also neared record highs, supported by potential US government shutdown concerns."], ["20250929", "Morgan Stanley downgraded M&T Bank (NYSE:MTB) from Overweight to Equalweight, despite increasing its price target from $236.00 to $251.00. The downgrade reflects Morgan Stanley's view that the bank has limited room for net interest margin expansion and fewer catalysts in the near term, even though it has successfully reduced criticized assets and increased capital returns. Other analysts like Truist Securities, Citi, and DA Davidson have also recently adjusted their price targets for M&T Bank based on various financial improvements and strong quarterly results."], ["20250929", "Frank Holmes argues for a $7,000 gold price target, potentially by the end of President Trump's second term, citing accelerating global debt, fiscal imbalances, and constrained monetary policy. He draws a historical parallel to 1971 when the U.S. dollar was unpegged from gold, leading to unchecked government spending and a massive increase in national and global debt. Holmes highlights gold's role as a finite asset and ultimate hedge against monetary mismanagement, recommending a 10% portfolio weighting in gold."], ["20250929", "This article discusses the key drivers behind the surge in gold prices, focusing on the significant roles played by central banks and Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs). It provides an analysis of these market forces and also mentions jewelry demand. The content is for reference only and does not constitute investment advice."], ["20250929", "Henry Schein (HSIC) recently missed Q2 earnings expectations due to weaker U.S. dental demand, attributed to high interest rates, inflation, and cautious patient behavior. Despite a lackluster past year for the stock, a common analyst narrative suggests the company is undervalued, projecting a fair value of $73.23 based on growth and margin expansion from digital transformation initiatives. However, competitive pricing and staffing shortages remain potential challenges to near-term earnings growth."], ["20250929", "Goldman Sachs expects South African equities to continue their rally, driven by a weakening dollar and robust performance from mining stocks. The firm has upgraded South African equities to overweight, forecasting a 6.3% increase for the FTSE/JSE Top40 Index in the coming year. This positive outlook is supported by a bullish view on gold and anticipated improvements in domestic growth."], ["20250928", "Pool Corporation (POOL) is showing signs of a potential turnaround after nine quarters of negative revenue growth, reporting a 0.8% increase in 2Q2025. This bullish outlook is supported by decreasing interest rates and high retirement account values, which could boost new pool construction. The company's stock has already appreciated by 7.0% since a previous bullish thesis was covered, and favorable market conditions suggest further growth despite not being a top hedge fund pick."], ["20250928", "The NEOS Real Estate High Income ETF (IYRI) offers a high 10.8% yield through an option writing strategy, appealing to income-focused investors valuing monthly, tax-efficient payouts. While it provides diversified real estate exposure, its strategy caps capital appreciation, making it less suitable for those prioritizing long-term growth. Investors should be aware of its short operating history, potential for declining payouts, and the trade-off between high income and limited capital growth."], ["20250927", "CarMax stock dropped significantly after its latest earnings report, driven by weaker-than-expected results and concerns over rising credit losses. Despite these challenges, the article suggests that the company's core unit economics remain resilient, with stable unit margins and initiatives to cut costs. The sell-off has made the stock's valuation more attractive for patient investors, though macroeconomic risks persist."], ["20250927", "The iShares MSCI World ETF is facing a potential correction due to overheated tech valuations and macroeconomic uncertainties, with experts suggesting a shift towards value stocks and small-caps. The ETF's heavy concentration in US tech giants, making up over a quarter of its portfolio, is highlighted as a significant risk. The article recommends investors analyze the latest data to determine whether to buy or sell the MSCI World ETF, considering the impending consolidation phase."], ["20250926", "U.S. stock futures rose after the Personal Consumption Expenditures (PCE) inflation report matched forecasts, calming fears of tighter Federal Reserve policy. Despite recent losses, the S&P 500, Nasdaq 100, and Dow futures saw gains, with Intel surging on investment news and Paccar jumping due to new tariff threats. Traders are now focusing on upcoming Fed speeches and economic data to inform future rate cut expectations."], ["20250926", "This article covers key mortgage industry updates including loanDepot responding to class-action claims of falsifying documents, Freddie Mac extending its interim CEO's tenure, and the Federal Reserve considering rate cuts amid inflation concerns. It also notes CrossCountry Mortgage raising conforming loan limits and OceanFirst Bank closing its residential loan business due to market dominance by large wholesale lenders. Additionally, a report indicates younger homeowners and homebuyers are more likely to benefit from recent rate lows."], ["20250926", "This article highlights three high-momentum ETFs\u2014GOEX, AGMI, and WGMI\u2014that offer indirect exposure to gold, silver, and Bitcoin mining, respectively. These ETFs have shown triple-digit year-to-date gains in 2025 as investors seek alternatives to traditional assets amidst a weakening U.S. dollar, providing diversification and potential inflation protection. While each fund has its own characteristics regarding expense ratios, dividends, and portfolio concentration, they present compelling options for momentum-focused investors."], ["20250925", "The Nasdaq-100 Index (NDX) has seen significant gains, driven in part by anticipated interest rate cuts and the continued impressive progress in artificial intelligence (AI). ETFs like the Invesco QQQ Trust (QQQ) and the Invesco NASDAQ 100 ETF (QQQM) are benefiting from this trend, as they hold many leading AI companies. Despite being a relatively young technology, AI's rapid advancements, particularly in chips and model intelligence, are acting as a powerful catalyst for these tech-heavy investments."], ["20250925", "Realty Income (NYSE: O) has priced an $800 million dual-tranche offering of senior unsecured notes, comprising $400 million of 3.950% notes due 2029 and $400 million of 4.500% notes due 2033, with a weighted average yield of 4.414%. The proceeds will be allocated for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of $550 million in notes due November 2025. The offering is expected to close on October 6, 2025, and is managed by several prominent financial institutions."], ["20250925", "With falling interest rates potentially reducing bond yields, investors seeking income may find midstream Master Limited Partnerships (MLPs) and corporations to be an attractive alternative. These entities often offer higher yields than traditional fixed income benchmarks, and their yields are not directly tied to interest rate fluctuations. ETFs tracking these sectors, such as AMLP and ENFR, can provide a boost to overall portfolio yields even with small allocations."], ["20250925", "Oppenheimer analysts forecast that a quick recovery for Home Depot and Lowe's is unlikely despite easing interest rates. They suggest that the potential for lower rates will be gradual and lack the significant impact needed to stimulate the stagnant housing market. The analysts also noted that these retailers are still experiencing the aftermath of increased renovations during pandemic lockdowns."], ["20250925", "A bipartisan group of 18 states, including Ohio, is opposing Capital One's proposed $425 million settlement in a class-action lawsuit over allegedly unpaid savings-account interest. The states argue the settlement is too low, given customers may have lost over $2 billion, and fails to ensure Capital One ceases its allegedly misleading practices. The states believe the deal shortchanges account holders and could undermine ongoing lawsuits by attorneys general, particularly New York's."], ["20250925", "MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) has significantly underperformed the Dow Jones Industrial Average amidst a noticeable decline from its 52-week high, despite reporting strong Q2 results. The financial technology company, valued at $6.7 billion, specializes in fixed-income securities trading platforms. Analysts, however, maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" rating, projecting a 19.1% upside from current price levels."], ["20250925", "CarMax stock fell significantly after reporting second-quarter fiscal 2026 diluted EPS of $0.64, drastically missing LSEG consensus and experiencing its worst comparable store retail unit volume decline since fiscal 2024. This weakness is attributed to macroeconomic factors, particularly the unwillingness of higher-quality FICO score customers to purchase, leading Morningstar to lower its fair value estimate for CarMax stock to $111 from $120. The company announced a $150 million overhead cost reduction program, but continued weakness is expected due to prevailing economic conditions."], ["20250924", "The XRP price is poised for a significant rally, driven by the new XRPR ETF's rapid accumulation of $30 million in just three days, indicating strong institutional demand. This surge, combined with bullish technical chart patterns and potential inflows from new crypto funds, suggests a positive outlook for XRP. Favorable market conditions, including anticipated interest rate cuts, are expected to further fuel its growth."], ["20250924", "AutoZone Inc. reported strong Q4 2025 results with total sales up 6.1% and domestic and international same-store sales increasing by 4.8% and 7.2% respectively. Despite this growth, the company faced margin pressures and a 5.6% decrease in reported EPS, primarily due to an $80 million LIFO charge and currency headwinds. AutoZone expanded aggressively, opening a record 304 net new stores for the year, and highlighted significant growth in commercial sales while experiencing a slight decline in DIY traffic."], ["20250924", "New-home sales in the US surged by 20.5 percent in August, driven by a modest decrease in mortgage rates following a Federal Reserve rate cut. This increase is seen as a positive indicator for the housing market, with expectations for continued improvement in sales in the coming months, particularly in the final quarter of 2025. Despite elevated mortgage financing costs, the market is starting to stabilize, though a significant decline in long rates is still needed to further stimulate demand."], ["20250924", "U.S. Bancorp (USB) is still considered undervalued despite significant share price appreciation over the last two years, supported by growth catalysts and a strong dividend yield. The company's diversification into payments and asset management offers higher profitability and less cyclicality, positioning it well for future growth amidst a strengthening U.S. economy. The author maintains a \"Buy\" rating due to USB's transformation, below-average valuation, and a covered 4.2% dividend yield, while acknowledging inflation as a key risk."], ["20250924", "IonQ (IONQ) is positioned as the more compelling investment in the quantum computing space due to its diversified roadmap, strategic acquisitions, and tangible revenue opportunities from commercial applications and expansion into quantum networking and space-based systems. In contrast, Quantum Computing Inc. (QUBT), while making strides with photonic chips, faces higher execution and adoption risks due to its nascent revenue history and high cash burn. The article suggests IonQ offers a more balanced risk-reward profile, reflected in its Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) compared to QUBT\u2019s Zacks Rank #4 (Sell)."], ["20250924", "Bitcoin experienced a significant price retreat in September 2025, shedding over $160 billion from the total cryptocurrency market capitalization due to macroeconomic headwinds, regulatory uncertainties, and mass liquidation events. Despite the short-term pain, analysts anticipate a strong recovery and rally in Q4 2025, with projections of Bitcoin reaching $150,000 to $200,000 driven by institutional interest, ETF inflows, and anticipated macroeconomic easing. The article details the factors contributing to the slump, its market ripple effects, and outlines key metrics and future outlook for Bitcoin's comeback."], ["20250924", "Baron Growth Fund reported that Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc. (NASDAQ:GLPI) shares declined in Q2 2025 due to investor concerns about higher interest rates making its dividend yield less attractive. Despite this, Baron Growth Fund remains a shareholder, citing the company's strong rent collection, annual rental rate increases, dividend growth, and robust balance sheet. The fund believes GLPI is well-positioned for acquisitions and shareholder returns, and its current yield combined with earnings growth should drive attractive long-term returns."], ["20250924", "Gold's rally in 2025 has seen unprecedented ETF inflows, with over $5 billion poured into the three largest gold-backed ETFs in September, making it a record-breaking month. This surge, combined with steady central bank buying and a favorable macroeconomic environment of persistent inflation and anticipated Federal Reserve rate cuts, positions gold to potentially reach $4,000 per ounce, with projections seeing it as the top-performing asset of 2025. The increasing demand and evolving monetary system further strengthen gold's appeal as a long-term hedge against fiat currency skepticism."], ["20250924", "Jim Cramer highlighted Simon Property Group (NYSE: SPG) as a \"fabulous\" company, especially in light of looming interest rate cuts, and praised its monthly dividend and strong performance. He also previously endorsed the stock due to its 5.7% yield, noting its significant gain since his earlier recommendation. Despite Cramer's positive outlook on SPG, the article suggests that some AI stocks may offer even greater return potential."], ["20250923", "The Neuberger Berman Total Return Bond ETF (NBTR) is highlighted as a compelling option for investors seeking income and returns that can outperform passive aggregate bond funds. Launched recently, NBTR uses active management to find credit and duration opportunities, contrasting with many legacy bond ETFs that heavily favor Treasuries. The article also emphasizes the ETF's tradability, cost-effectiveness with a 0.37% expense ratio, and tighter spreads compared to mutual funds."], ["20250923", "Citigroup Inc. strategists have exited a trade recommending that longer-term US bonds would underperform, citing a near-unanimous Federal Reserve policy decision that eased concerns about central bank independence. Strategists Dirk Willer and Adam Pickett advised clients to \"take profit\" on the bet involving 30-year versus five-year interest-rate forwards, which was initiated in May and added to in August before being exited at 60 basis points. The decision reflects a shift in market sentiment as fears surrounding the Fed's independence subside."], ["20250923", "Shares of Rapid7, Elastic, C3.ai, Wix, and UiPath fell in an afternoon trading session after Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell expressed cautious remarks on the economy. Powell highlighted a \"challenging situation\" balancing a weakening labor market with persistent inflation risks and commented that equity prices appeared \"fairly highly valued,\" leading to profit-taking and declines across major indexes. Despite the immediate drop, the article suggests that such price reductions could present buying opportunities for high-quality stocks."], ["20250923", "The S&P 500 experienced declines on Tuesday, with Vistra stock falling due to an analyst downgrade and valuation concerns despite strong data center demand. Conversely, Halliburton and other oilfield services firms saw gains as crude oil futures rose due to eased oversupply concerns. Major U.S. equities indexes retreated from record levels after Fed Chair Jerome Powell's challenging outlook."], ["20250923", "Better Home & Finance (BETR) stock surged more than 25% in premarket trading, extending Monday's 46% rally, after activist investor Eric Jackson dubbed it \"the Shopify of mortgages.\" Jackson, whose hedge fund EMJ Capital holds a long position, believes Better Home & Finance could be a \"350-bagger\" in two years, comparing its potential to the past successes of Carvana and Opendoor. The company, like Opendoor, is a digital-native real estate firm aiming to revolutionize the housing market using AI and new technologies, specifically by providing mortgage loans and other homebuying services."], ["20250922", "This article reviews the Q2 performance of several building materials stocks, highlighting Vulcan Materials (NYSE:VMC), Armstrong World (NYSE:AWI), and Carlisle (NYSE:CSL). It discusses individual company earnings, analyst expectations, and stock performance, alongside a broader market update regarding economic factors and recent stock market trends."], ["20250922", "The article highlights five stocks that were in the spotlight last week, featuring analyses and ratings from Wall Street's most accurate analysts. It discusses stock picks from Needham, Wedbush, JP Morgan, Roth Capital, and RBC Capital, covering companies like WhiteFiber, Builders FirstSource, WEBTOON Entertainment, Rezolve AI, and NuScale Power Corporation, along with their recent news and price targets. The U.S. stock market saw gains last week, with the Fed cutting rates and signaling further easing."], ["20250922", "Invesco Mortgage Capital (IVR) is rated a hold due to its stagnant operating cash flow and dividends, and a decline in portfolio value. Potential upside could come from lower Fed rates and increased mortgage demand, though the company's balance sheet risk is deemed in line with peers. A key risk remains a wave of mortgage defaults, despite many MBS being agency-backed."], ["20250922", "Gold prices are rallying, nearing $3,800 an ounce due to strong demand and economic uncertainty, yet a significant portion of fund managers (39%) still hold no gold, suggesting the rally could continue. This indicates a cautious sentiment among institutional investors despite the metal's performance, supported by robust physical demand from countries like China and India, and central bank activity. Experts are bullish, with some predicting gold could reach $4,000 per ounce soon."], ["20250922", "Darden Restaurants (NYSE:DRI), a major casual dining player with brands like Olive Garden and LongHorn Steakhouse, faces challenges like inflation and economic uncertainties but is showing resilience. Despite a recent stock decline, the company maintains its EPS guidance and has strong revenue growth, with strategic initiatives such as expanding delivery services and targeted marketing campaigns driving performance. InvestingPro suggests DRI might be undervalued, offering potential for long-term investors."], ["20250921", "PFFA, a Virtus fund focusing on higher-yielding preferred offerings, has proven its resilience, recovering well from COVID and maintaining its holdings even in challenging economic environments. Despite initial sell-offs, the fund demonstrated stability. Going forward, PFFA is expected to continue providing investors with consistent and substantial income, even with anticipated rate decreases."], ["20250920", "The Credit Suisse Asset Management Income Fund (CIK) offers a 9% yield and consistent monthly distributions, making it attractive to income investors. However, the fund's reliance on net realized gains hinders NAV growth, and it currently trades at a rare premium to NAV, reducing its accumulation appeal. The author maintains a hold rating due to the premium valuation and limited NAV growth, despite the reliable income and potential catalyst from recent Fed rate cuts."], ["20250919", "Annaly Capital Management (NLY) is expected to benefit from declining mortgage rates and recent Federal Reserve interest rate cuts, which should improve its net interest income and book value. The company's diversified portfolio, strong liquidity, and consistent dividend payments make it attractive, despite its current valuation appearing high. While existing shareholders might hold for income, new investors may want to await a more favorable entry point."], ["20250919", "PGIM Fixed Income sees opportunities in the bond market despite geopolitical uncertainty and late-cycle stress. High yields, a result of the 2022 bear market, provide a foundation for solid fixed-income profits, favoring an opportunistic, carry-oriented approach. Active management and tactical allocation are crucial for navigating sector dispersion and potential disruptions from cyclical risks and tariffs."], ["20250919", "Eversource has announced that gas bills for its customers could increase by 13% to 17% this winter compared to last year, causing widespread concern among residents. The utility company attributes this rise to fluctuating gas prices, infrastructure maintenance, and funding for public benefits like energy efficiency programs and low-income assistance. Critics, such as the founder of Citizens Against Eversource, argue that these increases will disproportionately affect vulnerable populations."], ["20250919", "Nippon Life Insurance Co. anticipates an 11% increase in its overseas project finance lending this year, reaching a record \u00a51 trillion ($6.8 billion), driven primarily by the surging demand for funding AI data centers in the US. This growth is attributed to the attractive spreads offered by AI-related loans, making them a significant part of the insurer's expanding alternative investment portfolio, despite rising foreign currency hedge costs for Japanese investors. Other Japanese financial firms, including Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group and SoftBank Group, are also actively pursuing AI-related investments."], ["20250919", "This article identifies top high-growth European tech stocks for September 2025, highlighting companies navigating macroeconomic challenges and leveraging AI for future growth. It spotlights argenx (biotechnology), Smartoptics Group (optical networking), and Sensirion Holding (sensor systems) based on their significant revenue and earnings growth forecasts. The piece also provides a list of ten leading companies from Simply Wall St's screener."], ["20250919", "The iShares iBoxx $ High Yield Corporate Bond ETF (HYG) has outperformed the Schwab US Dividend Equity (SCHD) in total returns this year, driven by inflows of over $3.5 billion. This surge is attributed to low default rates in the US, narrowing credit spreads, and the Federal Reserve's interest rate cuts aimed at preventing a recession. Technical indicators suggest further upside for HYG as it remains strong above key moving averages."], ["20250918", "Several tech stocks, including ON24, Commvault, Upland Software, Samsara, and MicroStrategy, saw significant gains after the Federal Reserve cut its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points in 2025, signaling potential further reductions. This decision, influenced by a weakening labor market, boosted investor optimism despite initial concerns from the Fed's \"dot plot.\" MicroStrategy, in particular, saw a 7.3% jump, although its shares remain volatile due to its Bitcoin investment strategy."], ["20250918", "Several stocks, including Plug Power, Powell, Novanta, Vivashy Precision, and Concrete Pumping, saw afternoon gains after investors reacted positively to the Federal Reserve's 25-basis-point interest rate cut, the first of 2025. Despite initial market pullbacks due to the Fed's \"dot plot\" suggesting only one cut for 2026, the prospect of looser monetary policy fueled optimism, especially among tech stocks. Plug Power, in particular, jumped 4.7% following favorable analyst commentary, strong sales figures, and increased call option activity, although its shares remain volatile."], ["20250918", "This article provides the pivot points for the SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average ETF Trust (DIA) using the DeMark method. The pivot high is $465.50 and the pivot low is $459.61. The article suggests that a break above the pivot high is bullish, while a break below the pivot low is bearish, and includes related news about Fed rate cuts and market reactions."], ["20250918", "Several stocks, including AAON, 3D Systems, Comfort Systems, Sterling, and Custom Truck One Source, saw significant gains after the Federal Reserve cut its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points. This move, the first rate cut of 2025, fueled optimism on Wall Street as lower interest rates generally reduce borrowing costs for businesses and make equities more attractive. The market initially pulled back due to the Fed's \"dot plot\" signaling fewer future cuts than anticipated, but ultimately, stocks rose, pushing major indexes to record levels."], ["20250918", "Shares of Integral Ad Science, SoundHound AI, Fastly, Five9, and Cadence Design Systems climbed after the Federal Reserve cut its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points. Despite initial market pullbacks due to the Fed's dot plot signaling only one cut for 2026, tech stocks led the charge, with lower rates generally seen as positive for equities. Cadence Design Systems, in particular, showed significant gains, trading near its 52-week high, although it experienced a drop earlier due to a competitor's disappointing earnings report."], ["20250918", "Shares of Caterpillar, Cadre, ESCO, EnerSys, and Vicor experienced significant jumps following the Federal Reserve's decision to cut its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points. Despite initial market pullbacks due to the Fed's dot plot indicating only one cut for 2026, the prospect of looser monetary policy generally fueled optimism. Lower interest rates are seen as beneficial for stocks as they reduce borrowing costs for businesses and make fixed-income investments less attractive."], ["20250918", "The article highlights the American Century U.S. Quality Growth ETF (QGRO) as a fund poised to benefit from potential rate cuts. QGRO, which focuses on U.S. firms with high growth potential and strong fundamentals, has recently surpassed $2 billion in AUM due to significant year-to-date inflows and strong performance. The fund's focus on quality firms with robust financials could allow it to outperform other growth companies, especially if multiple rate cuts occur."], ["20250918", "The author has upgraded Ares Capital (ARCC) to a \"Buy\" despite previous caution, citing the company's strong balance sheet and spillover income as support for dividend sustainability into 2026. Management's disciplined capital allocation and a robust Q2 backlog are expected to drive future growth and mitigate dividend concerns. The upgrade is also supported by the absence of an imminent recession and a more attractive valuation, suggesting a timely opportunity for investors to purchase the stock."], ["20250917", "The Federal Reserve has cut interest rates for the first time this year, a move expected to lower borrowing costs for consumers and businesses. Scott Colbert, chief economist at Commerce Bank, attributes this adjustment to market factors including tariffs, immigration changes, and tax policy adjustments, as well as slowing hiring and a shrinking population impacting the workforce. Colbert advises paying down debt and investing in bonds, highlighting that the economy is still operating at a typical cruising speed despite these adjustments."], ["20250917", "An expert from ITM Trading states that gold is essential as central banks are signaling an accelerating monetary reset, with gold surging past US$3,500 and central banks holding more gold than U.S. treasuries for the first time since 1996. The expert argues that nations are moving away from dollar dominance and actively choosing gold because it cannot be weaponized, printed, or inflated. The article also highlights three gold exploration companies\u2014West Red Lake Gold Mines Ltd., Western Exploration Inc., and Liberty Gold Corp.\u2014that offer unique exposure to new gold discoveries in Canada."], ["20250917", "With expected US Federal Reserve rate cuts, the Singapore REIT (S-REIT) sector is drawing investor interest due to lower borrowing costs and potential for higher profits. This article explores investing in S-REIT ETFs for diversification and attractive yields, contrasting them with individual S-REITs and offering a blended strategy. It also highlights different S-REIT ETF options available on the Singapore Exchange."], ["20250917", "Associated Banc-Corp (NYSE: ASB) announced a decrease in its prime rate from 7.50% to 7.25%, effective September 18, 2025. The company, headquartered in Green Bay, Wisconsin, is the largest bank holding company in the state with $44 billion in total assets and offers financial services across several Midwest states."], ["20250917", "Huntington Bancshares Incorporated announced a decrease in its prime rate from 7.5 percent to 7.25 percent, effective September 18, 2025. This change follows a previous decrease made on December 19, 2024. Huntington is a regional bank holding company headquartered in Columbus, Ohio, with $208 billion in assets."], ["20250917", "Investors anticipate the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates by 0.25 percentage points and signal further cuts to support the stock market and economic growth. While US stock indices have reached historic highs, concerns about inflation and geopolitical uncertainty persist. The tone of Fed Chair Jerome Powell will be crucial, with dovish signals expected to support the market while hawkish signals could trigger corrections."], ["20250917", "PNC Bank, N.A. announced a decrease in its prime lending rate to 7.25%, effective September 18, 2025. The bank is a member of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (NYSE: PNC), one of the largest diversified financial services institutions in the United States, offering a wide range of banking and financial products and services."], ["20250917", "KeyCorp and its banking affiliates have reduced their prime lending rate to 7.25 percent from 7.50 percent, effective September 18, 2025. This change was announced on September 17, 2025, by the Cleveland-based financial services company. KeyCorp, which celebrates its bicentennial in 2025, is one of the nation's largest bank-based financial services companies with approximately $185 billion in assets."], ["20250917", "The Bank of Canada reduced its policy rate by 25 basis points to 2.5% in response to a significant contraction in second-quarter GDP and increasing unemployment. The bank rate is now 2.75%, and the deposit rate is 2.45%. This move aims to counteract weak economic growth."], ["20250917", "Covered call ETFs like TSPY are gaining traction due to rising inflation, offering high yields and monthly distributions. TSPY, with its active management and 14.24% yield, is well-suited for income-focused investors looking for defense against stagflation or recession. While it may underperform in strong bull markets, it is designed to perform well in bear, flat, or moderate bull markets, making it a strategic choice for current market volatility."], ["20250917", "This article highlights three stocks \u2013 AT&T (T), Digital Realty Trust (DLR), and D.R. Horton (DHI) \u2013 that are expected to benefit significantly from a federal interest rate cut. AT&T would see reduced borrowing costs and become more attractive to investors due to its high dividend yield, while Digital Realty Trust, a data center REIT, would gain from increased investor appeal and potentially higher occupancy rates due to lower interest rates stimulating infrastructure spending. D.R. Horton, the largest U.S. homebuilder, would benefit from lower mortgage rates making homes more affordable, thereby boosting its sales."], ["20250917", "This article details the after-hours trading activity of Nvidia, Pfizer, New Fortress Energy, Tesla, and Alphabet. New Fortress Energy saw a significant surge due to a long-term LNG supply contract, while Nvidia's stock was affected by negative news from China. Pfizer, Tesla, and Alphabet also experienced notable trading volumes driven by various company-specific factors and market sentiment."], ["20250917", "This article analyzes the Q2 earnings performance of agilon health (NYSE:AGL) and other outpatient & specialty care stocks. While the industry generally met revenue expectations, agilon health reported disappointing results with a significant miss on EPS and a 5.9% year-over-year revenue decline. In contrast, U.S. Physical Therapy (NYSE:USPH) showed strong performance, outperforming expectations."], ["20250916", "Wells Fargo has increased its price target for PulteGroup (PHM) stock to $150 from $135, maintaining an \"Overweight\" rating, citing investor optimism regarding interest rates and recent re-ratings of homebuilding stocks. PulteGroup reported strong Q2 2025 results with $3.03 earnings per share and a backlog of $6.8 billion, demonstrating effective navigation of the competitive homebuilding market."], ["20250916", "This article explores the potential for the 10-year U.S. Treasury yield to reach 6%, driven by fiscal concerns, rising inflation, and global growth. Such a scenario would create a historic fixed income investment opportunity, allowing bonds to offer equity-like returns with less volatility. The authors recommend strategies like embracing a curve steepening bias, adding inflation-linked bonds, and using a global remit for diversification to navigate this evolving market."], ["20250916", "This article upgrades Howmet Aerospace Inc. Preferred Series A (HWM.PR) to a Buy, citing an attractive 6% yield and anticipated interest rate cuts. The preferred stock's price is strongly linked to long-term Treasury yields, and the increasing likelihood of rate cuts reduces downside risk. While surging equity markets could pose a challenge, HWM.PR remains appealing for income-focused investors due to current market pricing that anticipates rate cuts, moderate inflation, and a favorable term premium."], ["20250916", "Amidst record-high U.S. markets and anticipation of a Federal Reserve interest rate decision, dividend stocks offer stability and income potential. This article highlights three dividend stocks\u2014CareTrust REIT (CTRE), PNC Financial Services Group (PNC), and United Parcel Service (UPS)\u2014detailing their market caps, operational revenues, dividend yields, and financial health, along with concerns like payout ratios and shareholder dilution."], ["20250916", "Gold prices have reached an unprecedented level of $3,700, and analysts, including Otavio Costa of Crescat Capital, believe this is not a bubble but the start of a new cycle for precious metals and mining stocks. The rally is supported by a weakening U.S. Dollar Index and expectations of Federal Reserve rate cuts, making any dips a potential buying opportunity. Gold is on track for its best year since 1979, with technical analysis further validating its strong upward trend."], ["20250916", "The Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta Emerging Markets Equity ETF (GEM) is showing strong buy signals ahead of its 10th anniversary, outperforming both its ETF Database Category and FactSet Segment averages year-to-date and over three years. GEM's strategy leverages Goldman Sachs' multifactor approach, focusing on value, momentum, quality, and low volatility within emerging markets. This focus on specific factors and emerging markets' projected lower inflation could make GEM an intriguing option for investors looking for diversification beyond developed markets."], ["20250915", "This article identifies top dividend stocks for September 2025, amidst a fluctuating U.S. stock market with potential Federal Reserve interest rate cuts. It highlights dividend stocks as a source of steady income and stability. The article profiles three companies\u2014Jiayin Group (JFIN), Cullen/Frost Bankers (CFR), and Universal Insurance Holdings (UVE)\u2014detailing their operations, dividend yields, payout ratios, and recent financial performance."], ["20250915", "The article highlights top penny stock picks, focusing on Strata Critical Medical (SRTA), EVgo (EVGO), and MOGU (MOGU), as potential investment opportunities. It details their financial health, growth prospects, and challenges within the context of a dynamic market influenced by the Federal Reserve's interest rate decisions. The analysis emphasizes financial stability, revenue outlooks, and market positioning for each company."], ["20250915", "Capital Southwest (CSWC), a business development company, offers an attractive 11.1% dividend yield with a new monthly payout, positioning it well for income investors despite a challenging BDC market. The company boasts a defensively structured portfolio, with nearly 90% in senior secured first-lien debt and exposure to floating-rate assets, diversified across various industries. Although CSWC's net asset value has remained stable, significant growth is contingent on interest rates declining, and its shares currently trade at a 38% premium to NAV."], ["20250915", "Google parent Alphabet achieved a $3 trillion market capitalization for the first time, driven by renewed optimism in artificial intelligence and a favorable antitrust ruling. Its shares have rallied over 32% this year, making it the best performer among the \"Magnificent 7\" stocks. This milestone positions Alphabet alongside Apple and Microsoft in the $3 trillion club, with a recent court ruling allowing it to retain control of its Chrome browser and Android operating system."], ["20250913", "Analysts from CIBC and Urbanation suggest that Canadian condo prices, particularly in historically hot markets, need to fall an additional 5-7% and interest rates must decrease further before a market recovery can begin. The report highlights a shift towards smaller, more livable projects and an expected rise in rents by 2028 due to slowing supply. Regional disparities in housing starts are noted, with Ontario and BC experiencing declines, while Atlantic Canada, Quebec, and Alberta see strong activity."], ["20250912", "Family offices are increasingly allocating capital to precious metals like gold and silver, and industrial metals such as uranium, to hedge against inflation and economic uncertainty. Reports from UBS and BNY Wealth indicate a significant rise in precious metals allocation among family offices. While gold is viewed as a key safeguard and diversifier, there's growing interest in silver and industrial metals for their value and demand in infrastructure and energy transition."], ["20250912", "Fifth Third Bancorp is a well-capitalized super-regional bank with an investment-grade credit rating and a consistent CET-1 capital ratio around 10%. The Series I preferred shares (FITBI) are perpetual and floating-rate, offering an 8% yield that will adjust with Federal Reserve interest rate changes. The author, Binary Tree Analytics, holds a long position in FITBI."], ["20250912", "This article identifies promising penny stocks for September 2025, emphasizing those with strong financial health and solid fundamentals amidst a mixed U.S. market. It highlights Erasca (ERAS), Viomi Technology (VIOT), and 3D Systems (DDD) as top picks, detailing their financial overviews and future prospects. The piece advises investors to focus on stability and potential upside in smaller, newer companies."], ["20250911", "This Zacks Analyst Blog highlights recent research reports on major stocks including Walmart, Alibaba, and Shell, along with micro-cap companies Omega Flex and Weyco. The report provides detailed analysis on each company's performance, financial health, growth drivers, and challenges, noting Walmart's omnichannel strength, Alibaba's e-commerce and cloud growth, Shell's LNG portfolio and shareholder returns, Omega Flex's strong balance sheet despite market challenges, and Weyco's efforts in supply chain diversification."], ["20250911", "Shares of Applied Digital, CoreCivic, Kforce, Insperity, and UL Solutions surged following the Consumer Price Index (CPI) report, which showed a 2.9% annual rise in inflation, in line with expectations. Investors interpreted this data and signs of a weakening labor market as bolstering the likelihood of a Federal Reserve interest rate cut at its September meeting. Despite inflation remaining above the Fed's 2% target, market sentiment was boosted by expectations of multiple year-end rate cuts, leading to gains in these companies' stocks."], ["20250911", "JBG Smith has canceled its planned 1,400-unit apartment project in Crystal City, citing escalating costs, high interest rates, tariffs, and general macroeconomic uncertainty. The developer initially envisioned the new apartment towers at 223 S. 23rd St. and 2250 Crystal Drive. This decision highlights the challenges developers face in the current economic climate."], ["20250911", "DoubleVerify Holdings (DV) experienced a 6.88% stock decline last month, contrasting with a broader market surge to record highs. This short-term dip follows a year-long 23.08% decline, causing the stock to underperform the US market's 20% return. Despite this, the company's innovation in digital ad verification and potential benefits from a favorable economic outlook suggest long-term growth potential, though its share price remains below analyst targets."], ["20250911", "Recent Federal Reserve rate-cut expectations have led to a bull steepening of the yield curve, with the front end falling faster than the long end, thereby increasing term premiums. Despite fiscal deficit concerns and weakening global demand, the long end of the Treasury curve remains elevated. The possibility of a new rate-cut cycle could further lower the 2-year yield, potentially attracting more buyers to long-duration Treasuries."], ["20250911", "Arm Holdings (ARM) saw a 17% increase in its share price over a week, largely influenced by broader market optimism due to expected interest rate cuts and cooling inflation. The upcoming Annual General Meeting on September 9, 2025, is also anticipated to impact investor sentiment with potential strategic updates for data centers and edge AI markets. Despite this short-term surge, Arm's longer-term performance has lagged the US Semiconductor industry, and its shares are currently trading slightly above analyst price targets, suggesting potential overvaluation without significant future growth catalysts."], ["20250911", "Amcor (AMCR) is considered significantly undervalued, boasting a forward P/E of 10.06 and an attractive 6.2% dividend yield, making it a strong defensive investment. The article highlights the transformative Berry Global acquisition as a catalyst for renewed top-line growth, with management focusing on high-margin categories. Despite short-term integration risks and increased leverage, the author projects double-digit bottom-line growth and potential multiple expansion, recommending AMCR as a Strong Buy with a $10 FY2026 price target."], ["20250911", "Customers Bank CEO Sam Sidhu discusses the banking industry's anticipation of a potential rate cut, possibly 25% or even 50%, which would be welcomed given the \"higher for longer\" rate environment. He notes that while higher rates initially benefited the bank's loan yields, deposit costs also increased; now, customers prefer lower interest expenses. Sidhu also highlights the bank's strong credit performance and growth in its digital asset payment business, which processed $1.5 trillion in 2024."], ["20250911", "Joe Terranova, Senior Managing Director for Virtus Investment Partners, appeared on CNBC's \"Halftime Report\" to discuss his decision to sell shares in the oil company Marathon Petroleum. The article highlights this specific transaction from Terranova's \"Trade Tracker\" segment."], ["20250911", "Technology stocks have seen a significant rise, particularly the Nasdaq 100 Index, driven by optimism around AI and anticipated Fed interest-rate cuts. This rapid growth, exemplified by Oracle Inc.'s 36% jump, is causing some investors to worry about sustainability and prompting them to purchase put options to hedge against potential downturns. This uneasiness is heightened by upcoming market-moving events like the Fed's interest rate decision and historical September market weakness."], ["20250911", "Gold prices are consolidating near $3,300/oz, supported by global uncertainties and safe-haven demand. Gold miners experienced a significant surge in August due to strong earnings and sound capital management, indicating a potential re-rating and the start of a new bull cycle for gold equities."], ["20250910", "This article highlights three dividend stocks\u2014Orrstown Financial Services (ORRF), Archer-Daniels-Midland (ADM), and Copa Holdings (CPA)\u2014offering yields up to 5.6%. It provides an overview of each company's operations, dividend yield, and financial health, noting their historical dividend performance and covering cash flows. The article positions these stocks as potential stable income opportunities within a dynamic U.S. stock market."], ["20250910", "US stocks, particularly the S&P 500, reached new records on Wednesday, driven by an unexpectedly positive wholesale inflation report and Oracle's robust growth forecast fueled by AI demand. Despite a slight dip in the Dow Jones Industrial Average and a flat Nasdaq, the market remains optimistic about a Federal Reserve rate cut as inflation appears to be under control. Oracle's stock surged over 35% on news of multi-billion dollar AI contracts and massive projected cloud infrastructure revenue growth."], ["20250910", "Several stocks, including Hilton Grand Vacations, Opendoor, fuboTV, Offerpad, and Gray Television, experienced significant drops in the afternoon trading session. This market pullback followed cautious investor sentiment despite an earlier morning rally driven by a softer-than-expected Producer Price Index reading, which suggested easing inflation and raised hopes for a potential Federal Reserve interest rate cut. Offerpad, specifically, showed extreme volatility, with its shares still significantly below their 52-week high despite a year-to-date increase."], ["20250910", "Shares of Rapid7, RingCentral, Five9, LiveRamp, and Braze experienced declines in the afternoon trading session, reversing earlier gains despite a softer-than-expected Producer Price Index (PPI) report for August. The PPI decreased by 0.1%, raising hopes for a potential Federal Reserve interest rate cut, which initially boosted the market. Rapid7 has also seen its price target lowered by multiple financial institutions, contributing to its year-to-date decline."], ["20250910", "Asian equities, particularly Hong Kong, experienced a strong session, with the Hang Seng Index reaching a 52-week high. Mainland China's August inflation data missed expectations, though core CPI showed a positive trend. Bilibili surged after releasing news on its upcoming game, and Alibaba Group saw significant buying from mainland investors, launching a new \"Amap Street Stars\" feature."], ["20250910", "Stocks for Accenture, Arlo Technologies, Mirion, Pitney Bowes, and EXL traded down in the afternoon session, reversing earlier gains despite a softer-than-expected inflation reading. This market pullback followed an initial rise sparked by an unexpected drop in the Producer Price Index (PPI) for August, which signaled easing inflation and increased hopes for a Federal Reserve interest rate cut. Mirion's shares experienced a particularly notable drop, further affected by a significant downward revision in nonfarm employment data, suggesting a weaker labor market than previously reported."], ["20250910", "The VOO and SPY ETFs, tracking the S&P 500, are at all-time highs but may face a pullback soon. Technical analysis suggests a potential retreat due to a rising wedge pattern, bearish divergence in indicators, and a failure to retest support levels. Fundamentally, factors like \"buying the rumor, selling the news\" concerning anticipated Federal Reserve rate cuts, slowing inflows, and a potential deceleration in the AI industry (NVIDIA's growth expectations) could trigger a decline."], ["20250909", "Several company shares, including Array, Quanex, Titan International, American Woodmark, and Perma-Fix, plummeted in an afternoon session following a significant downward revision of U.S. job market data. This data suggested a weakening economy with 911,000 fewer jobs added than initially estimated, increasing investor anxiety. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon also commented on the \"weakening\" U.S. economy, further fueling concerns that impacted various stock performances."], ["20250909", "UOB Asset Management (UOBAM) has introduced UOBAM Gold+, a new managed portfolio solution for Singaporean investors. This strategy combines physically-backed gold bullion (SPDR Gold MiniShares Trust ETF) with gold-focused mining equities (United Gold & General Fund), plus a cash buffer, to offer balanced and cost-efficient exposure to the global gold market. It aims to provide portfolio diversification, leveraging gold's stability during volatility and the growth potential of mining companies, amidst increasing demand for gold due to inflation, interest-rate shifts, and geopolitical uncertainties."], ["20250909", "Several stocks, including RingCentral, SoundHound AI, 8x8, Confluent, and Braze, experienced declines in the afternoon session following a significant downward revision in U.S. job creation data. This news fueled concerns about a weakening labor market and strengthened expectations for the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates. Despite the broader market downturn, Braze's recent strong second-quarter earnings and raised full-year outlook suggest its stock's decline was likely a reaction to the overall economic news rather than a fundamental shift in its business perception."], ["20250909", "Upstart Holdings (UPST) stock is rated as a \"Buy\" due to strong performance, accelerating growth, and an inflection in adjusted EPS. The company's efficient lender acquisition and improved operational scale contribute to its high-growth trajectory, with further acceleration expected from a potential Fed rate cut. Despite a recent rally, Upstart's valuation remains attractive, offering significant upside potential."], ["20250909", "This article presents the \"Chart of the Day\" from Hedgeye CEO Keith McCullough, highlighting the top 3 performing ETF asset allocations in Portfolio Solutions. It encourages readers to download a free eBook to learn more about Hedgeye's approach to capital protection and growth. The article also lists other recommended research and macro insights from Hedgeye."], ["20250908", "The Thornburg International Equity ETF (TXUE) presents an active, three-pronged investment strategy for advisors and investors looking for international equity exposure. The fund invests opportunistically in a concentrated portfolio of large-cap, undervalued companies across basic value, consistent earners, and emerging businesses style baskets. This approach aims to provide diversification and stable risk-adjusted returns amidst U.S. tariff volatility and policy uncertainty, offering differentiated sector exposure compared to the MSCI EAFE Index."], ["20250908", "With the Federal Reserve increasingly expected to cut interest rates, real estate-focused stocks are poised for a significant uplift due to lower borrowing costs stimulating housing and commercial activity. Zillow Group (ZG) and CoStar Group (CSGP) are highlighted as two companies that could benefit substantially, given their strong performance in previous easing cycles and recent analyst upgrades. Zillow is on a three-year uptrend with further upside potential, while CoStar, operating on the commercial side, shows strong fundamentals and growth forecasts."], ["20250908", "Rocket Companies (RKT) stock recently surged 85% year-to-date, driven by its merger with Mr. Cooper Group, improving market conditions, and enhanced operational efficiency. The article suggests the stock could double to over $40 within 2-3 years, propelled by the transformative merger creating a dominant mortgage platform with significant cost savings and revenue growth, alongside favorable interest rate cuts. However, investors are warned of risks including integration challenges, regulatory hurdles, and broader market cycles."], ["20250908", "This article identifies Exact Sciences (EXAS), Equifax (EFX), and Oracle (ORCL) as three stocks trading below their estimated fair value, offering potential opportunities for investors. Despite recent market fluctuations, these companies show strong financial attributes and strategic growth initiatives that could enhance future cash flows and profitability. The analysis is based on discounted cash flow valuations and recent earnings reports."], ["20250908", "After a prolonged period of North American investor absenteeism from the gold market, there has been a recent surge of inflows into gold funds and a significant rally in gold stocks. Adrian Day suggests this shift is driven by new economic realities, including a weakening economy, potential interest rate cuts, and rising inflation, which are historically conducive to gold investment. The article also reviews Q2 earnings for various gold companies, highlighting strong revenue and free cash flow across the sector, and discusses how specific companies like Newmont, Barrick, and Kinross performed relative to expectations."], ["20250908", "Eagle Point Credit Company (NYSE: ECC) stock offers a robust 22.25% annual dividend yield, paid monthly, making it an attractive option for income investors. The company invests in collateralized loan obligations (CLOs), specializing in riskier junior debt tranches to generate higher yields. With interest rates likely peaking, the article suggests credit markets like ECC are poised for strong performance and potential capital gains."], ["20250908", "The Dow Jones index fell over 200 points after a disappointing jobs report indicated a meager gain of 22,000 nonfarm payrolls in August, leading to expectations for Fed rate cuts. Investor sentiment, as measured by the CNN Money Fear and Greed Index, moved to the \"Neutral\" zone. While most S&P 500 sectors closed lower, real estate and communication services stocks bucked the trend and closed higher."], ["20250907", "Despite historically high valuations and a modest economic outlook, U.S. stocks are supported by strong fundamentals driven by booming investment in artificial intelligence (AI), particularly from \"hyperscaler\" tech companies. While interest-rate-sensitive sectors show weakness, the heavily weighted AI sector's exceptional earnings growth and robust profitability metrics underpin the current market strength. T. Rowe Price maintains a neutral allocation to U.S. stocks but will closely monitor these underlying fundamentals for any potential weakening."], ["20250906", "Motley Fool contributors Jason Hall and Tyler Crowe identify Northpointe Bancshares (NPB) and Live Oak Bancshares (LOB) as two stocks poised to benefit from anticipated interest rate cuts by the Federal Reserve. The article highlights these companies as potential \"net winners\" in a falling interest rate environment. The authors also refer to a \"Motley Fool Stock Advisor\" recommendation, though Northpointe Bancshares was not among their top ten picks."], ["20250906", "Gold prices surged to a record high of over $3,500 per ounce in early September 2025, marking a 37% year-to-date increase and its best annual performance since 1978. This rally is driven by investor concerns over economic risks, central bank actions, and a growing crisis of trust in U.S. institutions and the Federal Reserve's independence. Goldman Sachs analysts suggest the primary driver is political credibility, with predictions that prices could reach $4,000 to $5,000 per ounce if the Fed's independence is compromised."], ["20250906", "Inno Holdings Inc. (INHD) faces a precarious market position due to negative profitability ratios and rising costs, despite a recent 12.68% stock increase. The company exhibits strong liquidity but poor returns, with challenges stemming from increased raw material costs and production delays. Its long-term outlook remains uncertain without significant strategic improvements aimed at enhancing operational efficiency."], ["20250905", "Shares of Comfort Systems, Sterling, EMCOR, MYR Group, and Dycom all declined following a surprisingly weak August jobs report which showed significantly fewer jobs added than anticipated and an increase in the unemployment rate. This economic data sparked fears of a broader downturn, despite the potential for the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates. Comfort Systems, despite its recent drop, has seen a substantial increase since the beginning of the year and over the last five years."], ["20250905", "Richard Fogler, managing director at Kingwest & Company, shares his top stock picks for September 5, 2025: Brookfield Corp. (BN TSX), Secure Waste Infrastructure (SES TSX), and Amrize (AMRZ NYSE). He provides an outlook on North American equities, anticipating continued but more volatile growth in both Canadian and U.S. stock markets, with a focus on fundamentally resilient companies. The article details the investment thesis for each of his top picks, highlighting their financial strengths, market positions, and growth drivers."], ["20250905", "This article details an Elliott Wave trading setup for the iShares Russell 2000 ETF (IWM), where the ETF completed a correction at its \"Blue Box\" buying zone. Authors entered long trades at 224.52 and expect a three-wave bounce, targeting the 239.41\u2013242.03 area after securing partial profits and moving stops to breakeven. The strategy relies on IWM holding the pivot at the 223.64 low."], ["20250905", "Gold is on track for its best annual performance in 46 years, surging above $3,500 an ounce, driven by a weakening U.S. dollar, anticipated Federal Reserve interest rate cuts, and concerns over financial system stability. Experts view this rally as a sign of eroding trust in policy and currency stability, cementing gold's role as a safe-haven asset. Major institutions like Goldman Sachs are raising their price targets, with some analysts forecasting gold to reach $4,000-$5,000 an ounce if the Fed's credibility diminishes."], ["20250905", "Jim Cramer views The TJX Companies (TJX) as offering great value to consumers, noting its strong performance despite some earlier sluggishness due to tariffs. The company recently beat analyst expectations for its fiscal Q2 earnings and increased its full-year EPS guidance, indicating a positive outlook driven by value-conscious shoppers. Cramer suggests that during times of economic insecurity, consumers are increasingly turning to off-price retailers like TJX."], ["20250904", "This article details an interview with John Madziyire of Vanguard, discussing the launch of the new Government Securities Active ETF (VGVT). The discussion covers the outlook for Treasuries, the role of TIPS in managing inflation, and a comparison between VGVT and the Vanguard Intermediate-Term Treasury ETF (VGIT). It also highlights how investors can approach active versus index bond strategies."], ["20250904", "Investor purchases of U.S. homes decreased by 6% in the second quarter, marking the largest decline since Q4 2023 and reaching the lowest springtime level since 2020, with condo purchases particularly dropping by 13%. This reduction is attributed to high borrowing costs, elevated home prices, economic uncertainty, and softening potential returns, causing investors to be more selective, similar to individual homebuyers. Despite the decline in purchases, the investor market share remained stable year-over-year, indicating a broader housing market slowdown affecting both investors and individual buyers."], ["20250904", "Jim Cramer highlighted The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) as a recession-resistant stock, noting its shares rose despite broader market downturns caused by economic concerns. Cramer discussed the company's ability to mitigate prices amid rising raw costs, though he expressed some reservations about its recent quarter's volume and pricing power, especially compared to retailers like Costco and Amazon. Despite these challenges, he still views P&G as an \"amazing company\" in its industry."], ["20250904", "The author, an economist and independent investor from Argentina, downgrades the Global X MSCI Argentina ETF (ARGT) from \"buy\" to \"hold\" due to increased short-term risks despite strong long-term fundamentals. This decision stems from heightened volatility, political uncertainty, and legislative setbacks in Argentina, which have amplified price swings in ARGT's concentrated portfolio. While disinflation and IMF support provide some stability, the author recommends waiting for post-election clarity before re-evaluating the investment."], ["20250904", "Gold prices are soaring above $3,500 an ounce, driven by anticipated interest rate cuts, economic uncertainty, and central bank purchases. The VanEck Gold Miners ETF (GDX) offers a more powerful way to profit from this rally compared to holding physical gold, thanks to its operational leverage and diversified portfolio. Despite some short interest, strong call option volumes indicate bullish sentiment for GDX, making it a strategic opportunity for investors."], ["20250904", "Jim Cramer commented on Walmart Inc. (WMT), stating that the company made a mistake in discussing tariffs, which led to passing costs onto consumers. He contrasted Walmart's approach with Costco's efforts to keep prices low, noting that Walmart's shares fell by 6% in August due to profitability issues. Cramer suggested that the Federal Reserve should consider both Walmart and Costco when evaluating economic conditions related to pricing."], ["20250903", "Gold mining ETFs like GOEX, AUMI, SGDJ, and GDXJ reached 52-week highs on September 2, 2025, significantly outperforming gold bullion ETF GLD. This surge is attributed to heightened safe-haven demand amidst geopolitical tensions, strong gold purchases by central banks, and the potential for a weaker U.S. dollar due to anticipated Fed interest rate cuts. Additionally, the gold mining industry appears undervalued with strong projected earnings growth, suggesting further upside for these stocks."], ["20250903", "Zacks Equity Research named Agnico Eagle Mines (AEM) as the Bull of the Day due to gold's strong performance, the company's robust fundamentals, consistent earnings beats, and a leading industry group. Conversely, Hormel Foods (HRL) was designated the Bear of the Day, facing profitability challenges from elevated input costs, intense competition, and a history of missed earnings estimates, making it a compelling short opportunity. The article also provides an analysis of AT&T (T), highlighting its fiber expansion and 5G initiatives but noting challenges like high debt and stiff competition."], ["20250903", "This article provides a comprehensive guide to trading the VanEck Gold Miners ETF (GDX) in 2025, analyzing its performance, unique characteristics, and suitability for different trading strategies. It discusses GDX's high liquidity, volatility opportunities, and sector-specific risks, offering insights into fundamental and technical analysis, risk management, and tax implications for Canadian traders. The author concludes that GDX can be a valuable addition to an active trading portfolio for those who understand its complexities and employ disciplined risk management."], ["20250903", "The NYSE provided a pre-market update on September 3, 2025, highlighting Alphabet shares rising 7% after a judge's ruling on its Chrome browser and data sharing. The report also covered bond prices falling due to a federal appeals court ruling on tariffs, potentially forcing the U.S. to return billions. Traders are now focusing on the upcoming jobs report, anticipating 75,000 jobs added in August."], ["20250902", "This article highlights five trending stocks\u2014Alphabet, Apple, Zscaler, CoreWeave, and Opendoor\u2014and the reasons for their investor attention on September 2, 2025. Key drivers include antitrust case developments for Alphabet and Apple, strong earnings for Zscaler, rising interest rates impacting CoreWeave, and meme stock activity around Opendoor. The article provides stock performance details for each company during the trading day and after-hours."], ["20250902", "Gold prices have surged as investors anticipate potential interest rate cuts by the Federal Reserve, a move driven by concerns over a softening labor market rather than economic strength. The article highlights the growing unaffordability of housing in the U.S. and the increasing political pressure on the Fed chairman, Jerome Powell, amidst rising inflation partly due to tariffs. In this uncertain economic climate, gold is presented as a crucial asset for preserving purchasing power and diversifying portfolios, with a recommended allocation of 10%."], ["20250902", "Velocity Financial (NYSE:VEL) is a specialty business purpose mortgage lender demonstrating strong financial performance and strategic positioning despite a complex market. The company shows impressive revenue growth, high core Return on Common Equity, and expanding loan portfolios, leading to a positive outlook from analysts. Potential for further growth exists with easing mortgage rates and new legislation supporting accessory dwelling units (ADUs), though risks include nonperforming loans and interest rate volatility."], ["20250902", "A multi-day hearing is underway in Richmond before the State Corporation Commission (SCC) to determine if Dominion Energy can raise customer electric bills by an average of $21 per month. Many members of the public expressed concerns about affording higher bills, while Dominion argues the rate increases are necessary due to rising costs and"], ["20250902", "The article reports on a day of decline for European equities in Tuesday trading. This downturn occurred despite news of a slight increase in Euro Area inflation, which rose to 2.1%. The brief content indicates a focus on market performance and economic indicators."], ["20250902", "This article discusses the potential for a resurgence in emerging market (EM) assets, driven by anticipated lower interest rates and a weakening dollar. It suggests that if this bullish trend continues, traders can amplify their exposure using Direxion's leveraged ETFs, specifically the Direxion Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X Shares (EDC) for upward movements or the Direxion Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X ETF (EDZ) for downward movements. The article highlights the recent performance of the MSCI Emerging Markets Index compared to the MSCI World Index."], ["20250901", "Gold prices have reached a four-month high, driven by expectations of a U.S. Federal Reserve rate cut and increased safe-haven demand. This surge aligns with a significant shift in global finance, as central banks' gold holdings now surpass their U.S. Treasury holdings as a percentage of foreign reserves for the first time in nearly three decades, as highlighted by economist Mohamed A. El-Erian. This reflects a broader trend of diversification and de-dollarization among monetary authorities, suggesting a potential long-term rebalancing of the global financial system."], ["20250901", "Ellington Financial's Series C preferred shares offer an 8.6% yield, locked in until April 2028, making them an attractive option for income-focused investors despite trading at a premium. The article suggests Series C balances yield and stability better than other Ellington preferreds, with Series A likely to be called soon. Despite the company's leveraged balance sheet and housing market exposure, preferred shares are considered more stable than common stock, and anticipated declining interest rates should improve Ellington's earnings outlook, further supporting the Series C preferreds for steady income."], ["20250901", "AGNC Investment Corp., a $10.17 billion market cap REIT focused on agency mortgage-backed securities (MBS), faces challenges due to interest rate volatility and MBS spread fluctuations, but its agency-skew strategy and commitment to consistent dividend payments (currently 14.75% yield) are key strengths. While its Q2 2025 EPS missed expectations and tangible book value is under pressure, potential Fed rate cuts and tightening MBS spreads could provide tailwinds. The company's future performance hinges on navigating market risks and capitalizing on attractive new MBS investment opportunities."], ["20250901", "The article upgrades PIMCO High Income Fund (PHK) to \"Hold\" due to improved recent performance, despite persistent issues like declining NAV and weak earnings. While PHK offers a high 11.6% yield, it relies on inconsistent net realized gains and has a history of reduced payouts. Potential interest rate cuts could act as a catalyst, but a smaller cut might not offer sufficient relief, making it unattractive for long-term income investors despite recent improvements."], ["20250901", "Silver prices surged above $40 an ounce for the first time since 2011, driven by increasing expectations of an upcoming interest rate cut by the U.S. Federal Reserve. This significant rally marks a decade-high for the precious metal. The iShares Silver Trust ETF (SLV) is highlighted in correlation with this market movement."], ["20250930", "The U.S. Postal Service has announced a surprising freeze on First-Class Mail postage rates and other Market Dominant services until mid-2026. This comes as a reprieve for customers, particularly in Texas and Louisiana, who have grown accustomed to frequent rate increases, sometimes twice a year. The article notes that stamp prices, which recently rose to .78 cents, will remain steady through 2026, marking a significant departure from the trend of increasing postal costs."], ["20250930", "Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene made a significant six-figure investment in a U.S. Treasury Bill in mid-September, alongside purchases of shares in various technology stocks and a Bitcoin ETF. These transactions, detailed in a financial disclosure report filed on September 27, 2025, highlight a strategy to lock in higher yields before potential rate cuts and diversify her portfolio. Her recent investments include tech giants like Alphabet and Adobe, cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike, and the iShares Bitcoin Trust ETF."], ["20250930", "The Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) board has decided to keep the cash rate at 3.6% following its September 2025 meeting. This decision maintains stability after a quarter-point reduction last month and was largely expected by the market. The RBA's cautious stance is influenced by various economic indicators, including inflation within the 2-3% target, private sector credit growth, and labor/housing market data."], ["20250924", "The Global X MSCI Argentina ETF (ARGT) experienced significant volatility due to a corruption scandal, a local election loss, and the peso's instability, leading to substantial outflows. However, news of U.S. support, including a potential $20 billion swap line and USD bond purchases, sparked an 8.5% rebound after a 25% plunge. The ETF's long-term performance remains strong since President Milei's election, despite ongoing challenges with the peso and fragile investor confidence."], ["20250922", "The Dow Jones Index and the DIA ETF recently reached a record high after a Federal Reserve interest rate cut. However, several risks could lead to a near-term pullback, including technical indicators like a bearish rising wedge pattern, concerns about an AI bubble and stretched company valuations, and potential slowing earnings growth. These factors suggest a possible correction for the index."], ["20250911", "Mortgage rates have fallen to an 11-month low of 6.28%, reducing typical monthly payments by over $200 from May's peak and increasing homebuyers' purchasing power. Despite this, potential buyers remain cautious, leading to modest increases in pending home sales and stagnant new listings. Many are waiting for further rate drops, though market analysts suggest substantial additional declines are unlikely in the immediate future."], ["20250910", "Seamus Smyth, chief economist at Virtus Investment Partners, shares his insights on the economic outlook with InvestmentNews. He discusses inflation, employment trends, and the future actions of the Federal Reserve. This article summarizes his key perspectives on these critical financial topics."], ["20250906", "A survey by the Principal Well-Being Index indicates that small- and medium-sized businesses are absorbing increased costs from tariffs to maintain market share, rather than raising prices. This \"wait-and-see\" approach is attributed to trade policy uncertainty. However, as tariffs only recently took effect, margin pressures are expected to build, potentially leading to more noticeable price increases for consumers in future inflation data."], ["20250905", "Small-cap stocks are currently trading at a significant valuation discount to large caps, reminiscent of periods before substantial rallies in the 1970s and early 2000s. Despite lagging the broader market year-to-date, small caps could see a reversal of fortune, particularly with potential rate cuts by the Federal Reserve. The author argues that investors should focus on small caps' sensitivity to falling rates rather than attempting to forecast currency movements, as their robust balance sheets make them more resilient."], ["20251001", "European small-cap stocks, particularly those accessible through the WisdomTree Europe SmallCap Dividend Fund (DFE B+), are showing significant upside driven by various positive catalysts including resilient economic growth and interest rate cuts. DFE has outperformed major domestic small-cap indexes with lower volatility, benefiting from robust exposure to industrial and financial sectors and substantial German infrastructure investments. The ETF also offers an attractive distribution yield, indicating strong capital returns from well-capitalized member firms."], ["20251001", "This article outlines six strategies for fixed-income investors to navigate a global economic landscape characterized by slower growth, lower bond yields, and persistent uncertainties. It emphasizes themes such as actively managing duration, focusing on quality credit, adopting a balanced stance, using systematic approaches, and protecting against inflation. The report suggests that while risks exist, current conditions present opportunities for bond investors who position their portfolios effectively."], ["20250930", "Oil prices are facing downward pressure due to discussions around potential additional supply increases from OPEC+ and an expected market surplus in late 2025 and throughout 2026. Meanwhile, gold prices have surged past $3,800/oz for the first time, buoyed by a weaker USD amid US government shutdown fears, central bank purchases, and anticipated interest rate cuts. European natural gas prices also weakened despite unplanned outages, as Asian LNG demand remains soft."], ["20250929", "Robert Kiyosaki, author of \"Rich Dad, Poor Dad,\" predicts a fivefold increase in silver value, sparking interest in silver-backed ETFs. Despite silver's inherent volatility, robust industrial demand, limited mining output, and central bank accumulation are contributing to its current rally. Key ETFs like SLV, SIVR, SIL, and SILJ offer investors various ways to gain exposure to the metal."], ["20250929", "US stocks, particularly the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, saw gains at the start of a potentially volatile week, with focus on upcoming US economic data, especially non-farm payrolls. The market is also grappling with the looming threat of a US government shutdown and less dovish Federal Reserve commentary. Amid these concerns, Gold reached new record highs, while oil prices dropped due to increased supply expectations."], ["20250929", "Last week, despite a downbeat Wall Street performance with the S&P 500, Dow, and Nasdaq all declining, several leveraged ETFs posted strong gains. These top performers included leveraged ETFs tracking Intel, Webull, Lucid, and Marvell Technology, driven by company-specific positive news such as Intel's investments, Webull's European expansion, Lucid's increased production targets, and Marvell Technology's optimistic outlook. The broader market context included stable inflation data, slightly weaker consumer sentiment, robust Q2 GDP growth, and a Fed rate cut to address a weakening labor market, alongside renewed tariff tensions."], ["20250926", "Kentucky State University's School of Business and Center for Economic Education and Financial Literacy hosted its annual Federal Reserve Luncheon in partnership with the Federal Reserve Banks of St. Louis (Louisville Branch) and Cleveland. The event gathered over 200 attendees, including students, faculty, community leaders, and elected officials, to engage with finance and economic policy leaders. This year marked an expansion of the partnership to include the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, highlighting KSU's role in fostering economic empowerment."], ["20250925", "Despite a nine-week decline in mortgage rates, pending U.S. home sales experienced their first drop in nearly three months, falling by approximately 1% year-over-year by September 21st, 2025. This hesitation from buyers is attributed to stubbornly high home prices, economic uncertainty, and a dwindling supply of new listings. Many potential buyers are reportedly waiting for mortgage rates to fall below 6% before entering the market."], ["20250925", "Silver is on the verge of a historic breakout, with technical analysts identifying a powerful 45-year \"cup-and-handle\" pattern signaling a potential new secular bull market. This long-term consolidation, combined with strong fundamental tailwinds like inflation hedging, safe-haven demand, and increasing industrial use in green technologies, suggests significant upside potential. Investors should monitor the critical $50-$55 resistance level, as a sustained breach could lead to substantial price appreciation and reshape investment portfolios."], ["20250924", "Tammy LoCascio, Chief Operating Officer of First Horizon Bank, has been recognized as No. 13 on the 2025 Most Powerful Women to Watch list. She successfully guided the bank's wholesale banking unit through a volatile economy, generating significant pre-provision net revenue. Additionally, LoCascio oversees numerous technology projects, including the implementation of an internal generative AI tool and the development of a customer-facing digital banking platform, while also serving on the board of fintech company Jack Henry."], ["20250923", "Japanese stocks have significantly outperformed their U.S. counterparts year-to-date, with specific ETFs like the WisdomTree Japan Hedged Equity Fund (DXJ) showing strong returns over multiple years. This performance is supported by a vibrant macroeconomic picture in Japan, including robust domestic demand and corporate adaptability to global economic shifts. Despite impressive gains, fundamental factors suggest Japanese equities, particularly DXJ, may have further upside."], ["20250922", "Despite markets being near record highs due to recent interest rate cuts, several risks are emerging, including a potential U.S. government shutdown, a soaring national debt, and new US$100,000 H-1B visa fees. Andrew Vuk of The Waterfront Group discusses these concerns and his market outlook, suggesting strategies like an equal-weight S&P 500 ETF and gold as a defensive play. The H-1B visa fees are expected to significantly impact the tech industry, potentially driving talent and investment toward international markets."], ["20250921", "This article highlights top investing stories for the week, covering blue-chip stocks reaching new highs, reliable REIT opportunities benefiting from a Fed rate cut, and mid-cap growth companies in Singapore. It also explores S-REIT ETFs and four US growth stocks with long-term potential, offering guidance for investors seeking dividends, stability, or future growth. The piece curates key articles on these topics for a comprehensive market overview."], ["20250920", "The Colombian Stock Exchange is experiencing one of its best decades, with operations increasing by 68% compared to 2024, driven by strong performances from companies like Mineros, Grupo Aval, and Davivienda. Mineros leads with a 139.7% valuation growth, followed by Grupo Aval's preferential shares with a nearly 50% increase, and Davivienda's preferential shares gaining 37.8%. This surge is attributed to increased market liquidity, a favorable macroeconomic environment with falling inflation and interest rates, and robust earnings and dividend distributions from listed companies."], ["20250919", "Morgan Stanley Research anticipates that while the Federal Reserve is cutting interest rates, mortgage rates may not necessarily follow suit, especially given the persistently high yields on Treasury bonds. The U.S. housing market faces challenges from near-record home prices and high mortgage rates, making homeownership unaffordable and limiting supply as current homeowners are reluctant to sell. For sustainable growth in home sales, mortgage rates would need to decrease by approximately 100 basis points to around 5.5%, assuming no recession."], ["20250918", "This article identifies the 11 best gold royalty and small-cap gold stocks to invest in currently, based on hedge fund sentiment. The gold market recently saw record highs, driven by a weaker dollar and anticipation of Federal Reserve rate cuts, creating a favorable environment for these types of gold companies. The analysis details the top three stocks, SSR Mining Inc. (NASDAQ:SSRM), Seabridge Gold Inc. (NYSE:SA), and NovaGold Resources Inc. (NYSE:NG), highlighting their recent performances and market positions."], ["20250917", "Plug Power (NASDAQ: PLUG) shares are significantly higher Wednesday, attributed to the Global X Hydrogen ETF (NASDAQ: HYDR) reaching a new 52-week high, of which Plug Power is a major holding. The surge is potentially fueled by a Federal Reserve interest rate cut benefiting growth-oriented companies and increased investor interest in hydrogen as a key player in the transition to a greener economy, especially with the expanding AI industry's energy demands. Plug Power, a leader in hydrogen fuel cell technology, is well-positioned to capitalize on this trend, with recent expanding global partnerships contributing to positive sentiment."], ["20250916", "Both gold and silver are seeing increased prices due to the anticipation of interest rate cuts. Silver, having recently crossed the $40 mark for the first time since 2011, is also performing well as investors seek safe-haven assets amidst market uncertainty and inflation. Investors can gain exposure to silver through funds like the Sprott Physical Silver Trust (PSLV) or silver mining operations via the Sprott Silver Miners & Physical Silver ETF (SLVR), or combine both gold and silver exposure with the Sprott Active Gold & Silver Miners ETF (GBUG)."], ["20250916", "The Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta Emerging Markets Equity ETF (GEM) is showing strong buy signals as it approaches its tenth anniversary. The ETF, which uses a smart beta multifactor approach focusing on value, momentum, quality, and low volatility, has significantly outperformed its category and segment averages year-to-date and over three years. With its price above key moving averages and a focus on emerging markets that may face less inflation than developed markets, GEM presents an intriguing investment opportunity."], ["20250916", "REITs experienced a strong rebound in August 2025, recovering most of their year-to-date losses, with small and mid-cap REITs outperforming. The sector saw significant multiple expansion, and specific property types like Malls and Industrial led gains while Infrastructure and Data Centers lagged. Economic conditions suggest a high probability of Fed rate cuts starting in September 2025, which is expected to benefit REITs due to their attractive valuations and current NAV discounts."], ["20250916", "The article discusses the BNY Mellon High Yield ETF (BKHY) as an efficient way to access high-yield markets, especially for advisors and investors reassessing fixed-income portfolios. BKHY employs a systematic investment process to seek out undervalued bonds and minimize exposure to overvalued securities within the Bloomberg US Corporate High Yield Total Return Index. With nearly 90% of its portfolio in B or BB rated bonds, BKHY offers competitive yields and diversification benefits with potentially lower default risk."], ["20250915", "The article discusses the current market conditions, including US companies absorbing tariff inflation, falling long-term Treasury yields, and strong performance by Oracle and other tech stocks. It highlights how investors seem to be overlooking geopolitical uncertainties and focuses on the upcoming Federal Open Market Committee decision, with hopes for a significant interest rate cut to further boost markets. However, it cautions that increasing the likelihood of inflation might not benefit investors long-term."], ["20250914", "This article provides a weekly scan of the consumer staples sector, highlighting Monster Beverage as a top performer while Est\u00e9e Lauder and Constellation Brands are identified as laggards. It also notes that Wall Street indexes were influenced by expectations of a Federal Reserve interest rate cut."], ["20250912", "As the Federal Reserve prepares to cut interest rates, a debate is emerging among investors and financial experts about the fate of the over $7 trillion currently parked in money market funds and other high-yield cash-equivalent investments. While some Wall Street theories suggest this \"wall of cash\" will flood into the stock market, experts like Peter Crane of Crane Data argue that most of this capital, especially institutional funds, will likely remain in money market funds, which continue to offer attractive yields compared to bank deposits, even with slight rate reductions. Investors seeking higher returns after rate cuts are advised to consider shifting to treasury ETFs or assessing equity portfolio holes for small-cap or international exposure, depending on their risk tolerance."], ["20250911", "The article discusses how stablecoins are moving from crypto trading tools to a regulated part of the U.S. financial system, driven by the recently passed GENIUS Act. This legislation aims to make payments faster and cheaper by requiring stablecoins to be fully backed by safe, liquid assets and subject to strict audits. While stablecoins offer significant potential for cross-border transactions and remittances, the article also highlights risks such as their impact on short-term funding markets due to Treasury bill holdings, potential disruption to monetary policy in other countries, and the need for robust rulemaking to balance efficiency with financial stability."], ["20250910", "Commercial mortgage REITs (mREITs) are showing signs of recovery due to factors such as improving returns, expected interest rate cuts, shrinking credit challenges, and increasing loan originations. Despite recent struggles with declining book values and increased non-performing loans, analysts are cautiously optimistic for the sector's future. The industry is seeing diversification in loans, with a focus on multifamily, student housing, industrial, and international markets, while also benefiting from banks pulling back from CRE loans."], ["20250910", "Carlyle Group Inc. warns that the Trump administration's demand for aggressive Federal Reserve rate cuts, combined with increased short-term US debt issuance, could destabilize the Treasury market and elevate long-term borrowing costs. According to Jason Thomas, head of global research at Carlyle, bondholders need assurance that the Fed prioritizes preserving the real value of their principal, rather than focusing on government finance, to prevent a bond selloff."], ["20250909", "Following the government's electoral defeat, there's been a shake-up in fixed-term deposit rates at Argentina's major banks. While some banks maintained their rates, others, like Santander, increased them, and Macro decreased theirs. The Central Bank of the Argentine Republic (BCRA) released updated nominal annual rates (TNA) for deposits, reflecting changes in the financial system after the recent elections."], ["20250909", "Shares of PTC, Agilysys, Elastic, and Guidewire Software fell after a significant downward revision in U.S. job creation data raised concerns about a weakening labor market. The Bureau of Labor Statistics reported 911,000 fewer jobs added than previously thought, intensifying investor fears and increasing the likelihood of a 25-basis-point Federal Reserve rate cut. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon also noted the \"weakening\" U.S. economy, further contributing to market jitters."], ["20250909", "This article discusses the evolving mortgage market, highlighting new tools and strategies for lenders in areas like HELOCs, DPA, and Non-QM products. It also covers a significant strategic partnership between PennyMac and Vesta Innovations to streamline the mortgage application process, and provides insights on the importance of coaching and consistency for Loan Officers. Finally, it touches on capital market updates, including consumer credit trends, inflation expectations, MBS performance, and the declining net issuance from Fannie Mae."], ["20250908", "DoubleLine Global Bond Portfolio Manager Bill Campbell's new paper, \"Trump, the Fed and Maturity Walls,\" suggests that President Trump's pressure on the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates is intended to mitigate surging government debt-service costs. The paper projects significant maturity walls for outstanding Treasury debt, particularly in 2026 and during the remainder of the Trump administration, where debt will roll into higher-cost securities if interest rates are not lowered. This highlights concerns about the federal deficit and the financial implications of maturing debt."], ["20250908", "Following a significant electoral defeat for Javier Milei's party in Buenos Aires, Argentina's economy is in crisis. Markets reacted with a widespread collapse, including stock drops of up to 20%, bond declines, and the country risk soaring past 1200 points. The Argentine peso also plummeted against the dollar, raising concerns among investors about the government's ability to service its debt and maintain economic stability."], ["20250904", "Small-cap U.S. stocks are showing signs of a comeback after a period of underperformance, with recent data indicating increased investor optimism fueled by potential Fed rate cuts. While comparisons to large-cap stocks show small caps are still lagging in terms of earnings growth, an expected monetary easing cycle and strong demand from clients for small-cap stocks and ETFs suggest a potential turning point. However, the article notes that small-cap stocks are not cheap based on current valuations and their domestic focus makes them sensitive to a weakening U.S. economy, recommending a focus on value small-cap ETFs."], ["20250903", "The Q3 earnings reporting season for the S&P 500 is anticipated to show strong growth, building on better-than-expected Q2 results where earnings grew by 12% year-over-year. Despite initial forecasts of 7.5% growth for Q3, the article suggests actual results could be higher, potentially reaching 12-15%, driven by resilient consumer spending and continued strength in the tech and AI sectors. However, potential risks include the Federal Open Market Committee's (FOMC) interest rate decisions if they don't align with market expectations."], ["20250903", "A rumor circulated over Labor Day weekend claiming that Texas Roadhouse had changed its famous rolls, sparking widespread debate on social media. Customers reported a noticeable difference in texture, leading to theories of cheaper ingredients or a cost-cutting measure by the company. Texas Roadhouse has yet to comment on the speculation, leaving customers to try the rolls themselves to determine if there has been a change."], ["20250903", "FNB Corp. plans significant expansion in the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic regions, adding almost 30 new branches over the next five years. The article also notes key filings due on Thursday regarding Federal Reserve Gov. Lisa Cook's lawsuit against President Trump and an update on Klarna's anticipated IPO. The Commerce Department posted GDP data on blockchains and an update on a community bank in Chatsworth, Georgia."], ["20250901", "This article examines how major gold producers like Harmony Gold, Newmont, and Barrick Mining are navigating the current gold bull market, which has led to record profits but also escalating costs. It highlights their strategies to manage expenses, reduce debt, increase shareholder returns, and expand their copper assets to diversify and capitalize on the green energy transition. The piece also includes analysts' positive outlooks on gold prices, with several forecasts suggesting new all-time highs in the near future."], ["20250901", "This article argues that global value stocks are gaining momentum and deserve a closer look by investors as diversification becomes more compelling. It highlights opportunities in industrials, materials, and energy sectors driven by AI infrastructure buildout and policy tailwinds, as well as reforms and attractive valuations in Europe and Asia. The author suggests that value and non-U.S. equities can provide a balance to exposure in high-priced U.S. tech stocks."], ["20250901", "The August jobs report indicates that the U.S. labor market is near stall speed with only 22k jobs added and significant downward revisions to prior months. This report strengthens the argument for the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates, especially given the rising unemployment rate and ongoing manufacturing recession. The authors suggest that despite accommodative financial conditions, the Fed needs to act to support housing, lower-income workers, and levered structures, and they anticipate several rate cuts into 2026."], ["20250926", "The ALPS Active REIT ETF (REIT) is highlighted as an ETF to watch, partly due to its significant allocation to retail REITs. Despite historical concerns about online retail, fundamental data from Nareit indicates a strong outlook for retail REITs, with impressive year-over-year FFO, NOI, and high occupancy rates as of Q2 2025. These retail REITs also maintain disciplined balance sheets and offer potential for dividend growth, making them an attractive component of the real estate sector."], ["20250926", "BatchData's analysis reveals that \"mom-and-pop\" landlords, owning 1 to 5 properties, control 89.6% of the single-family rental market, despite common discussions about institutional investors. The article also touches on current mortgage interest rates, showing that 70.4% of U.S. homeowners in Q2 2025 have rates below 5.0%. Federal Reserve Governor Michelle Bowman expressed concerns about the housing market's short-term direction, citing potential downside risks to housing valuations and construction due to high interest rates and declining affordability."], ["20250925", "This Zacks Analyst Blog highlights KeyCorp, Bank of Hawaii, and Comerica as attractive S&P 500 bank stocks with dividend yields over 4%. With favorable economic conditions and anticipated interest rate reductions, these banks are poised for growth and offer solid income potential for investors. The article details each company's financial health, dividend history, and strategic initiatives."], ["20250915", "Small-cap ETFs, particularly the iShares Russell 2000 ETF (IWM), are showing a strong resurgence, outperforming the S&P 500 ETFs (SPY, VOO) since August. This trend is driven by expectations of Federal Reserve interest rate cuts, which are anticipated to benefit smaller, debt-dependent companies by reducing financing costs and unlocking growth potential. Investors are rotating into riskier small-cap assets, hinting at hopes for a soft economic landing and potentially ending a decade-long period of underperformance for small caps against large caps."], ["20250915", "Wall Street performed positively last week despite negative economic data, driven by hopes of a Fed rate cut, corporate strength, a strong IPO market, and AI-fueled tech sector growth. This article highlights several top-performing leveraged ETFs that benefited from this market environment, focusing on companies in quantum computing, cloud computing, and memory solutions. The positive market sentiment prevailed despite declines in consumer sentiment, a spike in inflation, and downbeat jobs data."], ["20250910", "Bitcoin is a highly volatile and risky investment, suitable only for those with a high risk tolerance and strong financial position who can afford potential losses. While it offers potential for high returns and can act as a non-correlated asset to stocks, its price can fluctuate dramatically, and it lacks traditional financial protections. Investors should consider limiting their exposure to risky assets like Bitcoin to a small portion of their portfolio."], ["20250904", "The Nasdaq Composite rose 1.02% to near record highs, driven by positive market sentiment and expectations of Federal Reserve interest rate cuts. Solidion Technology's stock surged 113% after winning the 2025 R&D 100 Award for its innovative molten salts battery technology, while Google's stock increased 8% following a favorable court ruling in its antitrust case. Tech stocks, including Apple, are currently dominating the market, with the Dow experiencing a slight decline."]]}