{"topic": "economy_fiscal", "news": [["20250201", "Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman announced a new framework in the Union Budget 2025-26 to sustainably harness marine fisheries from India's Exclusive Economic Zone and High Seas, with a focus on Andaman & Nicobar and Lakshadweep Islands. The budget also featured significant customs duty cuts on fish feed and raw materials for frozen seafood to boost competitiveness and increased the loan limit under the Kisan Credit Card scheme for fisherfolk. These measures, alongside an increase in the outlay for the Pradhan Mantri Matsya Sampada Yojana, aim to further develop India's rapidly growing fisheries sector and enhance seafood exports."], ["20250131", "Ellington Credit Company announced the federal income tax treatment of its 2024 distributions is available on its website. The company operated as a taxable C-Corp throughout 2024 and underwent a strategic transformation, revoking its REIT election and rebranding. Shareholders approved its conversion to a Delaware registered closed-end fund, to be treated as a regulated investment company under the Internal Revenue Code, which is expected to be completed in early 2025."], ["20250131", "Ellington Credit Company has announced the federal income tax treatment of its 2024 distributions for common shares, accessible on their website. The company operated as a taxable C-Corp throughout 2024 following a strategic transformation from a REIT to focus on corporate CLOs and rebranding. They intend to complete a conversion to a Delaware registered closed-end fund, treated as a regulated investment company, in early 2025."], ["20250131", "Energy Fuels Inc.'s Senior VP, Curtis Moore, recently discussed a landmark agreement with the Navajo Nation for environmental restoration and safe ore transport, addressing historical issues from uranium mining. Moore also highlighted how President Trump's executive orders on domestic critical minerals will positively impact Energy Fuels, aligning with their expansion in rare earth elements and heavy mineral sands. The company is strategically positioned to become a global competitor through its White Mesa Mill and international ventures."], ["20250131", "National Grid Renewables has announced that its Fillmore County Solar and Louise Solar projects in southern Minnesota are now operational, collectively producing 95MW of clean energy. Xcel Energy has signed power purchase agreements for these projects, supporting its goal of 100% carbon-free electricity by 2050. These projects are expected to power 497,000 homes, generate over $30m in economic benefits, and offset more than two million metric tonnes of carbon emissions over their first two decades."], ["20250131", "L3Harris Technologies reported a substantial increase in Q4 net income to $456 million, up from $126 million a year ago, primarily due to divestiture-related charges in the prior year and improved operating performance. Sales for the quarter rose 3% to $5.5 billion, with organic revenue up 4% excluding divestitures. The company also raised its cost savings goal to $1.2 billion for the current year."], ["20250131", "Colgate-Palmolive is exploring mitigation strategies to counter the potential impact of 25% tariffs on toothpaste manufactured in Mexico for the U.S. market, as stated by CFO Stan Sutula. The company, which holds about one-third of the U.S. toothpaste market, is concerned about tariffs affecting raw material imports and finished products, as well as possible retaliatory tariffs. Despite increasing U.S. production capabilities, these potential costs were not included in their 2025 fiscal year financial guidance."], ["20250131", "Valero Energy Corp. reported a significant 77% drop in its fourth-quarter 2024 profit to $281 million, or 88 cents per share, largely due to slowed global fuel demand. Despite the plunge, the San Antonio oil refiner still surpassed Wall Street's expectations for earnings. The company highlighted strong performance in its renewable diesel segment and announced the completion of a sustainable aviation fuel plant, while also detailing future investments and its financial position."], ["20250130", "Jacobs secured an $80 million indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contract from the Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command Atlantic. This contract involves providing multimedia environmental compliance engineering support for U.S. Department of Defense installations globally, with a focus on the eastern U.S., Europe, Africa, and the Middle East. The work includes various environmental services such as petroleum storage tank compliance, air quality regulation, and waste management, building on Jacobs' long-standing relationship with NAVFAC."], ["20250130", "The Justice Department has moved to block Hewlett Packard Enterprise's (HPE) $14 billion acquisition of Juniper Networks, marking the first antitrust challenge of President Trump's second term. The lawsuit argues that the deal would substantially lessen competition in the wireless networking industry, despite expectations of a lighter regulatory touch from the new administration. This action suggests a potential continuity in antitrust enforcement despite the change in presidential administrations."], ["20250130", "The U.S. construction and engineering sector is booming due to infrastructure investments, urbanization, and renewable energy projects. This report compares Quanta Services (PWR), Comfort Systems USA (FIX), and Primoris Services Corporation (PRIM), highlighting PRIM's exceptional financial health and attractive valuation, while FIX also shows undervaluation by PEG ratio and strongest balance sheet. While all three companies demonstrate strong performance and potential for continued growth, investors are advised to conduct thorough research and manage risks effectively."], ["20250130", "Italian tax police have seized 46.6 million euros ($48.4 million) from FedEx's local unit, FedEx Express Italy srl, following an investigation into alleged tax fraud. Milan prosecutors accuse the company of circumventing labor and tax laws by using cooperatives to supply workers while allegedly omitting tax and social security payments. FedEx stated it operates with high ethical standards and is cooperating with authorities, asserting that the investigation will not impact its services in Italy."], ["20250130", "CIBC CEO Victor Dodig is advocating for the Canadian government to appoint a \"border czar\" and provide financial support to businesses and consumers in anticipation of potential U.S. tariffs. With a looming February 1st deadline for 25-per-cent tariffs, Dodig emphasizes the need for Ottawa to swiftly address U.S. concerns regarding border security and fentanyl flow, and suggests support mechanisms similar to those implemented during the COVID-19 pandemic, such as loan guarantees and payment deferral programs. This call comes as the Bank of Canada warns that a trade war could lead to an economic recession and increased inflation."], ["20250130", "Tesla reported paying zero federal income tax on $2.3 billion of U.S. income in 2024, continuing a trend of minimal tax payments. Over the past three years, the company's federal tax rate was just 0.4%, significantly lower than the statutory 21%. This was achieved through various tax breaks including accelerated depreciation, stock options, and U.S. tax credits."], ["20250129", "Coinbase has appointed four new high-profile members to its global advisory council, including former U.S. Senator Kyrsten Sinema and Chris LaCivita, co-campaign manager for President Donald Trump. This strategic move aims to directly influence policy discussions, especially with the Trump administration prioritizing crypto sector growth, which analysts predict will lead to further gains for crypto assets like Bitcoin. The new appointments are expected to benefit Coinbase's shares as the crypto industry gains mainstream appeal and a more favorable regulatory environment."], ["20250129", "SITE Centers Corp. announced the tax allocations of its 2024 dividend distributions for both common and preferred shares, including the spin-off of Curbline Properties Corp. The company provided detailed tables outlining the allocation of dividends per share, distinguishing between ordinary dividends, capital gain distributions, and return of capital for tax reporting purposes. This information is intended to help shareholders with their 2024 federal income tax returns as summarized on Form 1099-DIV."], ["20250129", "Former Senator Kyrsten Sinema has joined Coinbase's global advisory council, signaling her post-politics future is tied to cryptocurrency and business interests. She aims to help pass bipartisan cryptocurrency legislation during the Trump administration and has established the Arizona Business Roundtable to promote corporate views. Sinema's involvement in the crypto industry dates back to her Senate tenure, where she co-founded the Financial Innovation Caucus and received significant campaign contributions from crypto firms."], ["20250129", "S&P Global Market Intelligence released a new report, \"Three Tools for Trump Tariffs 2.0,\" detailing how alternative data and AI can help businesses quantify and monitor the impact of U.S. tariffs. The report highlights that companies with significant international operations and high U.S. sales are particularly vulnerable, with their stock prices underperforming peers by 3.9% from 2017 to 2019. It also reveals that tariff-targeted firms experienced a 17% change in their supply chain strategies and executives are prioritizing supplier diversification in response to tariff-related challenges."], ["20250128", "Nucor CEO Leon Topalian expressed significant optimism regarding former President Donald Trump's potential tariff policies for the U.S. steel industry, believing they will be broad and effective in combating illegal dumping and currency manipulation. Topalian also discussed U.S. Steel, stating Nucor's previous interest was hampered by valuation and asserting U.S. Steel's underperformance due to lack of technological innovation."], ["20250128", "Realty Income Corporation announced the final 2024 dividend tax allocations for its common stock and Series A Preferred Stock, as well as for Spirit Realty Capital, Inc.'s common stock. A significant portion of these distributions, particularly for Spirit Realty Capital, Inc., are classified as non-taxable returns of capital. Shareholders are advised to consult tax advisors for specific treatment of these dividends."], ["20250128", "The Future of Defence UCITS ETF (NATO) has exceeded $750 million in assets under management, driven by strong investor demand for exposure to NATO and NATO+ ally defense and cyber defense spending amidst rising geopolitical instability. The ETF features a unique \"NATO screen\" to ensure investment in companies domiciled in geopolitically responsible countries. This growth reflects increasing defence budgets, particularly among European NATO members, and a growing compatibility between defence investing and ESG considerations."], ["20250128", "RTX and General Electric have secured a $3.5 billion contract to advance the US Air Force's Next-Generation Adaptive Propulsion (NGAP) program. This deal involves technology maturation and risk reduction for their respective engine proposals, aiming to develop engines for future sixth-generation fighter jets. The work, scheduled for completion by July 2032, continues despite uncertainty surrounding the related Next Generation Air Dominance (NGAD) program, as NGAP engines are designed to be adaptable to various advanced aircraft."], ["20250128", "Haleon PLC, the maker of Advil and Robitussin, plans to invest $54.2 million to upgrade its research and development facility in Richmond's Northside. The expansion will modernize the existing plant and expand its capabilities. Virginia Governor Glenn Youngkin announced the plans, which also include a new college internship program in partnership with Virginia Commonwealth University."], ["20250127", "Prologis, Inc. (NYSE: PLD) has announced the tax treatment of its 2024 distributions for both common and preferred stock. The company provided detailed exhibits outlining the ordinary taxable income, qualified taxable dividends, long-term capital gains, and other relevant tax components per share for each dividend payment throughout 2024. Shareholders will receive IRS Form 1099-DIV, and Prologis recommends consulting with a tax advisor regarding the federal, state, and local income tax implications of these distributions."], ["20250127", "PT Telkom Indonesia (Persero) Tbk. (TLKM) has indicated that its dividend payout ratio for the 2024 financial year will not differ significantly from the previous year. The company expects to meet its dividend contribution target to the state, set higher for 2025, without disrupting investment plans, supported by positive financial performance in Q3 2024. Telkom reported a net profit of Rp17.67 trillion for the nine months ending September 30, 2024, with revenue reaching Rp112.21 trillion."], ["20250127", "Michigan's Public Service Commission has approved a $217 million rate hike for DTE Energy, leading to an average customer's monthly electric bill increasing by $4.61 starting February 6. This decision follows a previous $368 million hike in December 2023, despite audits revealing DTE's poor performance in power restoration. Critics argue that the utility's grid management is substandard and that regulators missed an opportunity to hold DTE more accountable."], ["20250127", "A former Biohaven sales representative, Patrica Frattasio, will receive $8.4 million from a $59.7 million settlement between Pfizer and the U.S. Department of Justice. The settlement resolves allegations that Biohaven, a Pfizer subsidiary, offered illegal kickbacks to healthcare professionals to promote its migraine drug Nurtec ODT, violating the False Claims Act. This case highlights the government's commitment to preventing pharmaceutical companies from influencing prescribing decisions through improper payments, while also bringing attention to recent legal challenges against the constitutionality of qui tam provisions."], ["20250124", "A recent Lobbying Disclosure Act filing revealed that MasTec Inc. (MTZ) disclosed $20,000 in lobbying expenditures during Q4 2024, primarily focusing on issues related to energy grants. The report also detailed significant insider selling of MTZ stock by several executives and highlighted notable changes in institutional investor holdings, with some hedge funds greatly increasing their positions while others decreased theirs."], ["20250124", "The Michigan Public Service Commission has approved a $217 million electricity rate increase for DTE Energy, significantly less than the $456.4 million the company initially sought. Despite the approval, DTE states that customers will not see an increase in their monthly bills due to a previous $300 million reduction in the power supply cost recovery factor in November 2024, which offsets this new increase. The approved funds will go towards various infrastructure upgrades, tree-trimming, repairing breakers, improving infrastructure in Detroit, increasing low-income assistance, and investing in EV charging support."], ["20250124", "Argus Information and Advisory Services, a subsidiary of TransUnion, has agreed not to pursue government contracts with the CFPB for three years. This decision follows a $37 million settlement stemming from allegations that Argus violated the False Claims Act by improperly monetizing anonymized credit card data obtained through government contracts. The agreement comes after the CFPB indicated it was considering further actions against the company."], ["20250124", "SolarBank CEO Richard Lu remains optimistic about the company's future despite potential challenges such as Donald Trump's stance on clean energy. SolarBank has exceeded its fiscal year 2024 revenue with two significant deals and plans to expand into EV charging and data centers. The company has a substantial project pipeline and believes the economics of solar energy will overcome political headwinds."], ["20250124", "Moody's Ratings has affirmed Malaysia's sovereign rating at A3 with a stable outlook, citing strong medium-term growth prospects and effective policymaking. Despite weak fiscal metrics due to high debt and weak affordability, the agency noted government progress in financial consolidation and reform efforts. Malaysia is projected to be the fastest-growing A-rated economy over the next two years, benefiting from foreign direct investments and political stability."], ["20250124", "FuelCell Energy has secured a $160 million deal to construct a 7.4-megawatt power plant in Hartford, Connecticut, near Brainard Airport. The electricity generated will be sold to Eversource Energy and The United Illuminating Co. under a 20-year power purchase agreement. This project aims to help Connecticut meet its renewable energy standards by producing power without generating greenhouse gases, utilizing natural gas with low emissions."], ["20250124", "A World Bank arbitration tribunal has dismissed Venezuela's request to annul an $8.37 billion award to ConocoPhillips, which was granted for the expropriation of its oil assets. This decision clears the way for ConocoPhillips to pursue compensation and upholds the principle that governments must compensate for unlawful expropriation of private investments. ConocoPhillips is actively seeking to enforce the ruling and recover its claims, including participating in an auction of shares in Citgo Petroleum."], ["20250123", "Stardust Power Inc. has commenced a $1.2 billion lithium refinery project in Muskogee, Oklahoma, aiming to boost the state's economy and national mineral supply. The 66-acre facility is expected to become one of the largest U.S. lithium refineries, producing 50,000 metric tons annually. This initiative will also create hundreds of high-paying jobs and reduce reliance on foreign entities for critical minerals."], ["20250123", "President Trump's recent executive order temporarily halts new federal leases and permits for offshore wind projects, raising questions about its impact on Virginia's growing offshore wind industry. While Dominion Energy's Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind project, already under construction, is not immediately stopped, the order initiates a review of existing leases and could affect future projects and ongoing litigation. Local officials are monitoring the situation to understand the full ramifications for the region's economic development in offshore wind."], ["20250123", "The Michigan Public Service Commission has approved a $217.4 million electricity rate increase for DTE Energy, leading to an estimated $4.61 monthly hike for typical residential customers. This increase is less than half of DTE's initial request and is intended for enhanced tree trimming and system reliability improvements. The new rates are set to take effect on February 6."], ["20250123", "Steel Dynamics Inc. reported a significant drop in net income for Q4 2024 compared to the prior quarter and year, although full-year 2024 sales reached $17.5 billion. Despite challenges, the company achieved near-record steel shipments and strong operating income across its segments, with optimism for 2025 driven by declining imports, stable demand, and strategic investments like the new Aluminum Dynamics plant."], ["20250123", "DevvStream Corp. (DEVS) reported a net loss of $1,011,733 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, an improvement over the previous year. The company's 10-Q filing details financials, a recently completed business combination, challenges with Nasdaq listing rules, and identified material weaknesses in internal controls."], ["20250123", "Ioneer Ltd's Rhyolite Ridge lithium project in Nevada has secured a $996 million loan from the U.S. Department of Energy, an increase from the initial federal commitment. This project, which aims to be the first new U.S. lithium mine in nearly 60 years and boron mine in almost a century, is fully permitted and construction-ready. It is expected to significantly bolster the nation's domestic supply of critical minerals used in electric vehicle batteries and semiconductors."], ["20250122", "Oracle's shares jumped nearly 9% after former President Donald Trump announced a $500 billion AI infrastructure investment plan, \"Stargate,\" involving Oracle, OpenAI, and SoftBank to keep the U.S. competitive in the global AI race. Other technology partners and AI-related companies, including Nvidia, Microsoft, Arm, Vistra, Dell Technologies, Super Micro Computer, and Palantir Technologies, also saw their stock prices increase following the news. The plan includes an immediate $100 billion investment, with the remaining over the next four years, and construction of data centers already underway in Texas."], ["20250122", "The Chilean Superintendency of Electricity and Fuels (SEC) has fined Enel Distribuci\u00f3n US$18.8 million for extensive power outages in August 2024. The fine primarily attributes to a lack of maintenance, prolonged outages, insufficient information for authorities, and poor customer service channels. This sanction aims to motivate the company to meet its regulatory obligations and ensure a continuous and safe supply."], ["20250122", "Call center workers on federal contracts, particularly those at Maximus Inc., are continuing their unionization efforts despite a setback from the Biden administration. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) withdrew a rebid of a $6.6 billion contract that would have included a \"labor harmony\" provision, after Maximus sued to block it. Workers are fighting for better wages, health insurance, and breaks, and observers suggest the privatized federal workforce is likely to grow, potentially without adequate labor standards."], ["20250122", "A recent lobbying disclosure reveals that GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY spent $460,000 in Q4 2024 on lobbying efforts. These efforts focused on issues like supporting the Akron polymer industry, R&D expensing, and modernizing tire testing regulations. Additionally, the article highlights recent insider trading activities with more purchases than sales, and significant hedge fund portfolio adjustments for GT stock."], ["20250122", "On his first day in office, Donald Trump reversed Biden's ban on private prison contracts with the Department of Justice, which is expected to modestly increase the number of federal prisoners in private facilities. However, the most significant impact on private prison companies like Geo Group is anticipated to come from expanded immigrant detention and deportation efforts promised by Trump, as ICE contracts are their primary revenue source and were not affected by either Biden's ban or Trump's reversal. Specific populations, such as undocumented individuals and those awaiting trial via the U.S. Marshals Service, are more likely to be placed in private detention."], ["20250121", "McKinney's $300 million Sunset Amphitheater, a 20,000-seat outdoor music venue, has moved forward with the finalization of land acquisition for its 46-acre site. Expected to open in 2026, the project will feature extensive parking, luxury suites, and is projected to create over 1,300 jobs and $3 billion in economic growth for the region. The city council approved the site plans in November 2024, paving the way for construction to begin."], ["20250121", "BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. disclosed $490,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2024, focusing on several legislative bills related to patient access, rare diseases, and Medicaid. The article also details recent insider trading activity, showing two sales totaling over $414,000, and institutional investor movements, with Viking Global Investors LP adding a significant stake."], ["20250121", "3M is closely monitoring the potential impact of proposed tariffs by President Trump, as the company exports significantly more than it imports. CEO Bill Brown stated that roughly half of their imports are from Mexico and Canada, which are target countries for potential steep tariffs. Brown indicated that 3M has operational flexibility, including U.S. factories, to mitigate the effects of any new tariffs."], ["20250121", "The US Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) has awarded Moderna $590 million to accelerate the development of mRNA vaccines targeting potential pandemic flu viruses. This funding, channeled through BARDA, will support the development of H5N1 and H7N9 avian flu mRNA vaccines and expand clinical data for mRNA vaccine use against other pandemic-potential flu strains. Moderna has also launched a phase 1/2 study for an investigational pandemic flu vaccine, mRNA-1018, and reported positive preliminary data."], ["20250121", "Wells Fargo and Merrill Lynch, along with LPL Financial, have settled charges with the SEC. Wells Fargo and Merrill Lynch agreed to pay $60 million for failing to implement proper policies related to their cash sweep programs, which prioritized low-yield options over client interests. LPL Financial incurred an $18 million penalty for anti-money laundering compliance failures, including inadequate customer verification and allowing prohibited high-risk accounts."], ["20250121", "The US Federal Trade Commission has granted final approval for Exxon Mobil's $64.5 billion acquisition of Pioneer Natural Resources and Chevron's $53 billion acquisition of Hess Corp. The FTC's approval, given in a 3-2 decision for both cases, included a prohibition against former executives from serving on the boards or advising the companies, citing concerns over past collusive behavior to cut oil production and raise prices. Republicans on the commission criticized these conditions, calling them politically motivated and based on \"ludicrous theories of harm.\""], ["20250121", "American Express (Amex) is set to pay approximately $230 million in fines and penalties to resolve allegations of deceptively marketing credit card and wire transfer products. The charges also include misrepresenting tax benefits for payroll wire transfers and misleading a banking partner by allowing small businesses to obtain credit cards using dummy EINs. This settlement was reached with the Department of Justice and the U.S. Attorney's office for the Eastern District of New York."], ["20250121", "Williams-Sonoma CEO Laura Alber stated that the company significantly reduced its reliance on China during Donald Trump's first presidency, cutting its China exposure by 50% to approximately 25%. This move was in response to tariffs imposed during that period, and the company continues to shift production elsewhere in Asia and the United States in anticipation of future tariffs. Williams-Sonoma is identified as one of the \"MAGA Seven\" stocks that have seen gains since the November 5 presidential election."], ["20250120", "Standard Lithium Ltd. has secured a $225 million grant from the U.S. Department of Energy for its lithium development efforts in south Arkansas, specifically for the South West Arkansas (SWA) project. The project, a joint venture with Equinor, aims to establish one of the world's first commercial-scale Direct Lithium Extraction facilities, producing 45,000 tons of lithium carbonate annually. This initiative is expected to create local jobs and contribute to infrastructure improvements while bolstering America's domestic lithium supply chain."], ["20250120", "GlobalFoundries (GloFo) is planning to establish an advanced packaging and test center for chips at its Malta, New York manufacturing facility, investing US$575 million with support from the Department of Commerce and New York state. An additional US$186 million is budgeted for packaging R&D over the next decade. The center, named Advanced Packaging and Photonics Center (APPC), will offer advanced packaging, assembly, and testing services for silicon photonics, aerospace and defense customers (under Trusted Foundry accreditation), and 3D/heterogeneous integration chips."], ["20250117", "The Old Trafford Regeneration Task Force has completed its initial feasibility work, submitting an Options Report for a new or redeveloped stadium. This project aims to transform the surrounding area, potentially adding \u00a37.3 billion to the UK economy and creating over 90,000 jobs. A new 100,000-seat stadium is preferred by a majority of surveyed fans, with the club expected to decide on the approach before summer 2025."], ["20250117", "Two former FirstEnergy executives, Charles Jones and Michael Dowling, have been charged under the RICO Act in connection with Ohio's HB6 public corruption case. The indictment alleges their involvement in a bribery, money laundering, and witness tampering scheme tied to a $59 million payment to a nonprofit controlled by former Ohio Speaker Larry Householder. Both executives were fired in 2020, and their compensation was linked to FirstEnergy's financial performance."], ["20250117", "The article discusses the potential launch of Solana ETFs in 2025, heavily influenced by a more crypto-friendly Trump administration and a new SEC leadership. Key challenges include classifying Solana as a commodity or security and navigating the SEC's approval process, with analysts projecting significant inflows if approved. Despite optimism, the timeline for approval remains uncertain due to regulatory hurdles and the SEC's internal processes."], ["20250117", "The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) has finalized a $15 billion loan guarantee with Pacific Gas & Electric Company (PG&E) for Project Polaris. This initiative, part of the Biden-Harris Administration's Investing in America agenda, aims to expand hydropower and battery storage, upgrade transmission capacity, and enable virtual power plants across Northern and Central California. The loan, under the Energy Infrastructure Reinvestment (EIR) program, offers lower interest rates to reduce costs for PG&E's 16 million customers and supports job creation and community benefits, aligning with the Justice40 Initiative."], ["20250117", "Ioneer Ltd has secured an upsized $996 million loan from the U.S. Department of Energy's Loan Programs Office for its Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-Boron Project in Nevada. This funding, an increase from a previous commitment, aims to boost domestic critical mineral production, create jobs, and reduce reliance on foreign supply chains. The project, which received its federal permit in October 2024, is set to significantly increase the nation's lithium supply and begin construction in late 2025."], ["20250117", "Intel Foundry has announced the addition of Trusted Semiconductor Solutions and Reliable MicroSystems to its RAMP-C project, which supports the US defense industrial base. This initiative leverages Intel's 18A process technology and advanced packaging for microelectronics prototypes and manufacturing for the DoD. The collaboration aims to strengthen national security and technological leadership by ensuring a trusted and resilient supply chain for advanced semiconductors in the U.S."], ["20250117", "Governor Kathy Hochul announced that Corning Incorporated will invest up to $315 million in its Canton, St. Lawrence County facility, creating up to 130 new manufacturing jobs and 175 construction jobs. This investment will increase the production of High Purity Fused Silica and EXTREME Ultra Low Expansion glass, critical for advanced semiconductor manufacturing, and supports New York State's efforts to grow the semiconductor industry. Empire State Development is providing up to $7 million in Excelsior Jobs Program tax credits to support Corning's expansion."], ["20250117", "GlobalFoundries (GF) is establishing a new advanced packaging and photonics center within its New York manufacturing facility. This initiative, supported by investments from New York State and the U.S. Department of Commerce, aims to enable the secure, onshore manufacturing, processing, packaging, and testing of essential semiconductors in the U.S. The center will focus on GF's silicon photonics, Trusted Foundry offerings for aerospace and defense, and 3D/heterogeneously integrated chips to meet growing demands from AI, automotive, and other critical markets."], ["20250117", "The GEO Group, a major private prison company, hired a top Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) official, Daniel A. Bible, just before the 2024 presidential election. This move is one of many instances where GEO Group has recruited senior ICE officials, which critics argue provides inside intelligence and helps the company expand its lucrative contracts, especially with potential mass deportation plans by the incoming Trump administration. GEO Group stands to significantly profit, with an estimated annual revenue boost of $400 million, from such policies and has faced scrutiny for the revolving door of officials between ICE and the contractor."], ["20250117", "This article discusses predictions and expectations for 2025, highlighting its potential as a consequential year due to a new presidential administration. It delves into the potential economic and regulatory changes under President Trump, the restructuring landscape following significant legal rulings, and insights from FTI Consulting experts on the economy, AI's impact, and M&A activity."], ["20250117", "The Department of Commerce proposed $246.4 million in CHIPS and Science Act funding to four companies, part of the Biden administration's effort to distribute $39 billion for U.S. semiconductor manufacturing before the next presidential term. Analog Devices will receive $105 million to expand and modernize facilities in Massachusetts, Oregon, and Washington, creating 500 jobs. Coherent is allocated $79 million for a project in Pennsylvania to expand silicon carbide substrate and epitaxial wafer production."], ["20250116", "Analog Devices, Inc., a semiconductor company with operations in Beaverton, Camas, Washington, and Chelmsford, Massachusetts, is set to receive up to $105 million in federal CHIPS and Science Act funding. This investment is planned for facility expansions, particularly a \"significant\" one at its Beaverton plant, and is expected to create 500 new jobs across all sites while also focusing on environmental management and community partnerships. This funding is part of a broader federal effort to revitalize semiconductor manufacturing in the U.S., with other Oregon companies like HP, Intel, and Microchip Technologies also receiving CHIPS funds."], ["20250116", "The Semiconductor Industry Association (SIA) praised the U.S. Department of Commerce's CHIPS and Science Act incentives awarded to Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) and Coherent. These incentives will support the expansion and modernization of ADI's R&D and manufacturing facilities in Massachusetts, Oregon, and Washington, as well as Coherent's wafer production facility in Pennsylvania. SIA highlights these investments as crucial for strengthening American supply chain security, manufacturing, economic growth, and national security, fostering job creation and innovation."], ["20250116", "Standard Lithium Ltd. and partner Equinor secured a $225 million federal grant from the U.S. Department of Energy to build a commercial lithium production facility near Lewisville, Arkansas. This grant supports the first phase of their South West Arkansas Project, aiming to produce up to 45,000 tons per year of lithium carbonate, and is part of a larger federal initiative to boost domestic lithium production and reduce reliance on foreign suppliers. The project anticipates a final investment decision by year-end, with Phase 1 production potentially starting by 2028, and a commitment to local job creation and community benefits."], ["20250116", "TSMC has confirmed it has begun producing advanced manufacturing chips in Phoenix, Arizona. This marks the first time 4-nanometer chips have been produced on American soil, a significant development for the U.S. semiconductor industry supported by the CHIPS Act. Despite potential political shifts, the company's grant under the Act has been finalized, and two more fabs are under construction."], ["20250116", "SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION (SAIC) disclosed $340,000 in lobbying expenses for Q4 2024, focusing on issues such as IRS digital transformation, VA modernization, and defense appropriations. The report also details recent SAIC stock trading by members of Congress and company insiders, alongside significant hedge fund activity, indicating both additions and reductions in SAIC positions."], ["20250116", "Corning Inc. is set to receive $32 million in federal CHIPS funding for a $315 million expansion of its glass manufacturing operation in Canton, NY. This expansion aims to boost the semiconductor industry by increasing production of specialized glass crucial for microchip manufacturing, creating up to 130 new manufacturing jobs and over 175 union construction jobs. The funding ensures the project's progression regardless of future administrations and supports the domestic semiconductor supply chain."], ["20250116", "Shift4 Payments paid approximately $4.7 million to three relatives of company executives and directors without proper disclosure in SEC filings between 2021 and 2023. The SEC has since settled with the company, imposing a $750,000 civil penalty for the lack of transparency. The payments included significant compensation to CEO Jared Isaacman's half-brother, Michael Isaacman, and others in violation of disclosure requirements for transactions with related persons."], ["20250116", "The Department of Energy's Loan Programs Office (LPO) has issued a conditional commitment for a loan guarantee of up to $5.23 billion to Consumers Energy. This funding will support Consumers Energy's \"CE Clean Energy\" project, which involves significant investments in solar and wind generation, battery storage, virtual power plants, and natural gas pipeline replacement through 2031. The initiative aims to enhance energy reliability and security while reducing costs for Consumers Energy's 1.9 million electric and 1.8 million natural gas customers, and aligns with the company's goal of achieving net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050."], ["20250116", "American Express has agreed to pay $230 million to settle allegations from the Department of Justice regarding deceptive marketing and deficient recordkeeping practices. The DOJ accused Amex of misrepresenting credit card features, entering false account information, and making unsubstantiated claims about tax breaks for its small business wire product between 2014 and 2021. Amex stated it cooperated with authorities and had already ceased these practices years ago, firing 200 employees after an internal investigation."], ["20250116", "Rep. Marie Gluesenkamp Perez, along with Senators Patty Murray and Maria Cantwell, helped secure a $105 million investment for Analog Devices, Inc., with $80 million designated for projects in the Pacific Northwest, including expanding a semiconductor fabrication facility in Camas. This funding, from the CHIPS and Science Act, aims to boost domestic semiconductor manufacturing capacity, create up to 500 new jobs, and strengthen local supply chains for critical chips used in various industries. The investment also includes plans for workforce development and partnerships with local educational institutions."], ["20250116", "The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) has announced a $996 million loan guarantee to Ioneer Rhyolite Ridge LLC for a lithium-boron project in Nevada. This project aims to establish a domestic supply of lithium carbonate for electric vehicle batteries, supporting the production of over 370,000 EVs annually and reducing reliance on foreign materials. The investment aligns with the Biden-Harris Administration's commitment to strengthen the U.S. battery supply chain, create jobs, and promote environmental responsibility."], ["20250116", "Analog Devices has secured $105 million in federal CHIPS Act funding to upgrade its manufacturing facilities located near Portland, Oregon, and Boston. This funding positions Analog Devices as the third company to receive CHIPS Act money for projects in Oregon. The company's semiconductor chips are crucial for various industries, including automotive, industrial equipment, airplanes, and national defense."], ["20250116", "The Department of Energy's Loan Programs Office (LPO) announced a conditional commitment for a loan guarantee of up to $5.23 billion to Consumers Energy, a subsidiary of CMS Energy. This financing aims to support investments in solar and wind generation, battery storage, virtual power plants, and natural gas pipeline replacements to improve reliability and affordability for Consumers Energy's customers. The loan guarantee is expected to lower borrowing costs for the utility, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and ensure community benefits through job creation and improved air quality."], ["20250116", "Analog Devices has been awarded $105 million from the CHIPS Act. This funding is intended to support the growth of manufacturing operations in Oregon, Washington, and Massachusetts, and enable ADI to bring some manufacturing processes back to the U.S. from overseas."], ["20250115", "The Federal Trade Commission has filed a lawsuit against Deere & Company, alleging it holds a monopoly on equipment repair services, which leads to higher costs and delays for farmers. The FTC claims Deere's \"Service ADVISOR\" software tool prevents independent repairs and forces reliance on authorized dealers who use more expensive proprietary parts. Deere's Vice President, Denver Caldwell, called the lawsuit \"meritless\" and lacking basic industry understanding."], ["20250115", "The attorneys general of Minnesota and Illinois, along with the Federal Trade Commission, have sued agricultural manufacturer John Deere, alleging that the company maintains a \"repair monopoly.\" The lawsuit claims that John Deere restricts access to essential repair tools, forcing farmers to rely on authorized dealers for costly repairs. John Deere has denied the allegations, calling the lawsuit a \"flagrant misrepresentation of the facts\" and stating it will vigorously defend itself."], ["20250115", "This article reports a congressional trade made by Rick Larsen involving the sale of COMCAST CORPORATION - CLASS A COMMON STOCK (CMCSA) on January 7, 2025. The transaction amount for the sale was between $1,001 and $15,000, and the reason provided was \"REBALANCING OF PORTFOLIO\". Following the trade, CMCSA stock experienced a -26.20% price change while SPY changed by 14.70%."], ["20250115", "A $415-million solar plant, Swift Air Solar, is being built by Advantage Capital Renewable Energy and Origis Energy to power Occidental Petroleum's $1-billion STRATOS direct air capture (DAC) plant in Ector County, 35 miles west of Odessa. The DAC plant is expected to be operational by mid-2025, capturing 250,000 tons of carbon dioxide annually, with plans to double that capacity the following year. This project is anticipated to create up to 120 full-time jobs at the DAC facility, driven by capital, collaboration, and technology, significantly impacting environmental and economic growth."], ["20250115", "FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: NOTE) has launched PolicyNote, an AI-driven policy management solution designed to help organizations more efficiently track, analyze, and act on legislative, policy, and regulatory developments. This platform integrates FiscalNote\u2019s extensive data, proprietary AI, and expert analysis to accelerate policy-related tasks and enable faster, more impactful responses to changes. PolicyNote aims to unify data sets, proactively offer AI-generated insights, and empower organizations to navigate regulatory landscapes and influence business outcomes."], ["20250115", "The Federal Trade Commission and two states have filed a lawsuit against John Deere, accusing the company of illegally restricting farmers' ability to repair their own tractors and equipment. The suit alleges that Deere's practices force farmers to use authorized dealers, leading to increased costs and delays. John Deere denies the claims, stating the lawsuit is \"meritless\" and based on misrepresentations, and highlights its ongoing pilot program to expand repair access for farmers."], ["20250115", "Brown-Forman Corp., the parent company of Jack Daniel's, announced a 12% global workforce reduction and the closure of its Louisville barrel-making plant by April 25, affecting about 210 employees. These cost-cutting measures aim to generate $70 million to $80 million in annualized savings, with a portion reinvested for growth. The company faces challenges including changing consumer trends, renewed tariff threats, and a decline in net sales."], ["20250114", "BW LPG CEO Kristian Sorensen states that the continuation of India's subsidy scheme for hauling government cargo is crucial for the renewal and expansion of their Indian-flagged fleet. The company aims to replace older ships with modern, more efficient ones to prevent India from becoming a dumping ground for aged tonnage. Sorensen also highlighted the need to refine the existing Right of First Refusal (RoFR) policy to make the subsidy scheme more effective and accessible for Indian ship owners, especially given the growing LPG import demand in India."], ["20250114", "Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc. has secured a five-year, $20.1 million Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract with the U.S. Department of the Interior (DOI). This contract is for two air attack and surveillance aircraft to support fire and resource management activities, primarily for the Bureau of Land Management Alaska Fire Service. The company highlights its suitability for such government outsourcing in aerial firefighting, emphasizing its advanced sensor and surveillance capabilities."], ["20250114", "Truist analysts believe that Elon Musk's \"Department of Government Efficiency\" (DOGE) will not negatively impact major defense contractors like Northrop Grumman and Lockheed Martin in the short term, especially given current geopolitical tensions. Analyst Michael Ciarmoli initiated coverage of both companies with buy ratings, citing recent stock price drops as a buying opportunity. He specifically noted the unlikelihood of cuts to Lockheed Martin's F-35 jet program."], ["20250114", "Truist analysts believe that Elon Musk's \"Department of Government Efficiency\" (DOGE) will not negatively impact short-term prospects for major defense contractors Northrop Grumman and Lockheed Martin, especially given the current geopolitical climate. Analyst Michael Ciarmoli initiated coverage of both companies with \"buy\" ratings, citing recent stock price drops as a buying opportunity. He specifically noted that Lockheed Martin's F-35 jet is unlikely to be cut in the near future by DOGE."], ["20250114", "John Deere has laid off over 4,500 employees since 2015, with significant cuts occurring in 2024 and early 2025 across multiple Iowa and Illinois facilities. These layoffs are attributed to challenging market conditions and decreased demand for farm equipment, following record profits in 2022. The company also announced plans to move some manufacturing to Mexico, a decision unrelated to the layoffs according to a Deere representative, though it drew political attention."], ["20250114", "|Truist analysts believe that Elon Musk's \"Department of Government Efficiency\" (DOGE) will not negatively impact major defense contractors Northrop Grumman and Lockheed Martin in the short term, especially given current geopolitical tensions. Analyst Michael Ciarmoli initiated coverage of both companies with \"buy\" ratings, citing recent stock price drops as a buying opportunity. The report suggests that flagship programs like Lockheed Martin's F-35 jet are unlikely to be cut by DOGE."], ["20250113", "Cleveland-Cliffs is reportedly partnering with Nucor in a potential all-cash bid for U.S. Steel, aiming to acquire the company and then sell its Big River Steel subsidiary to Nucor. This development follows the White House's blocking of Nippon Steel's earlier acquisition attempt for U.S. Steel, with the new offer estimated to be in the high $30s per share. U.S. Steel, however, remains committed to its merger agreement with Nippon Steel."], ["20250113", "AerCap CEO Aengus Kelly warned that potential tariffs from U.S. President-elect Donald Trump could negatively impact supply chains and hinder Boeing's efforts to generate cash. Kelly emphasized that Boeing's top priority should be streamlining the certification process for its 737 MAX 7, 737 MAX 10, and 777X jets to facilitate deliveries and improve its financial position. He also noted that supply chain issues continue to pose challenges for both Boeing and Airbus, leading to delays in aircraft deliveries and forcing airlines to operate older planes longer."], ["20250113", "Intuit CFO Sandeep Aujla publicly defended the H-1B visa program, emphasizing its importance for accessing global talent and preventing national isolationism, anticipating its continued role under the incoming Trump administration. He also addressed the company's bipartisan political engagement and its stance on government-provided free tax filing services, asserting they won't impact demand for Intuit's products and advocating for tax code simplification instead. Tech firms, including Intuit, are actively lobbying the new administration for H-1B reform, despite challenges like annual caps and lottery systems."], ["20250113", "HP Inc. has finalized a $53 million award from the CHIPS Act to expand its research and manufacturing operations in Corvallis, Oregon. The funding will support innovation in microfluidics and micromechanics, adapting inkjet printing technology for drug discovery, and is expected to create 150 temporary construction jobs and 100 long-term positions. This award is part of the larger federal effort to revitalize the domestic semiconductor industry, though other CHIPS Act initiatives in Oregon have seen mixed results."], ["20250113", "NVIDIA expresses strong disapproval of the Biden Administration's new \"AI Diffusion\" rule, arguing it will stifle innovation and economic growth by restricting mainstream computing applications. The company contends that this overreach undermines America's technological leadership and global competitiveness, advocating for policies that promote innovation and open competition instead."], ["20250110", "Melco Resorts & Entertainment Ltd has opened a representative office in Bangkok, Thailand, to explore new investment opportunities, particularly in light of potential enabling legislation for casino resorts. The company, which operates casino complexes globally, is also partnering with the Thailand Creative Content Agency (THACCA) to support Thailand's \"soft power\" initiative through cultural and creative collaborations. Melco is awaiting clarity on investment regulations from the Thai government to determine the scope of potential projects."], ["20250109", "Kroger has agreed to a $110 million settlement with the state of Kentucky to resolve an opioid lawsuit. The settlement, to be paid out over 13 years, will fund opioid abatement and recovery efforts, with half going to the Kentucky Opioid Abatement Advisory Commission and the rest distributed among counties and cities. Despite the settlement, Kroger denies any wrongdoing, stating the agreement is solely for settlement purposes."], ["20250109", "Corning's $900 million manufacturing facility in Saginaw County has been recognized in Business Facilities\u2019 2024 Impact Awards for Clean Energy Manufacturing, highlighting Michigan's leadership in clean energy solutions. This marks the third consecutive year Michigan has received an Impact Award in the clean and green energy sector, with previous awards going to Nel Hydrogen and General Motors. The recognition underscores Michigan's \"Make It in Michigan\" strategy, which focuses on attracting private investment, creating jobs, and advancing the state\u2019s \u201cMI Healthy Climate Plan.\u201d"], ["20250107", "A WTW Global Medical Trends Survey predicts that medical costs in the Philippines will climb by 18.3% in 2025, making it the second-highest growth in the Asia Pacific region. This surge is attributed to substantial increases in claims, benefits paid by HMOs, and ongoing negotiations for higher professional fees for doctors. The survey highlights that overuse of medical services, higher costs of new medical technologies, and strain on private healthcare due to overwhelmed public systems are key drivers of this inflation."], ["20250107", "The EPA has issued four Class VI underground injection control permits to Carbon TerraVault JV Storage Co. for carbon sequestration in California. These permits allow the company to inject 1.5 million metric tons of carbon dioxide annually for 26 years into deep rock formations in the Elk Hills Oil Field. This initiative aims to reduce carbon dioxide emissions and mitigate climate change, with EPA ensuring protection of drinking water and continuous monitoring for leaks."], ["20250107", "An AECOM-led team, LINC Austin, has been selected as the delivery partner for the first phase of Austin's $7-billion light rail system. This phase will include 9.8 miles of track and 15 stations. The Austin Transit Partnership expects to award design and construction contracts totaling over $4 billion next year, with construction anticipated to begin in 2027."], ["20250107", "The article reviews the best and worst-performing ETFs of 2024, highlighting that trends from the previous year, particularly the strong performance of tech and blockchain ETFs, largely continued. Tech ETFs benefited from outperforming earnings and the rise of AI, while blockchain ETFs were boosted by interest rate cuts, spot bitcoin ETF approvals, and crypto advocacy. Conversely, clean energy and Brazil ETFs were among the worst performers, with the former continuing a slump and the latter impacted by fiscal concerns and currency depreciation."], ["20250106", "H&R Block is reintroducing its Refund Advance loan program for the 2025 tax season, offering eligible filers up to $4,000. This no-interest, no-fee loan, issued by Pathward\u00ae, N.A., provides quick access to funds within minutes of filing. The program aims to help clients manage expenses while waiting for their official tax refund."], ["20250106", "Jordan's Arab Potash Company (APC) and U.S.-based Albemarle Corporation signed an $813 million joint investment agreement to expand bromine production at Jordan Bromine Company (JBC). The five-year project, expected to begin this month, aims to create 650 permanent jobs and hundreds of temporary positions while increasing JBC's bromine production capacity. This expansion aligns with Jordan's Economic Modernization Vision, leveraging the country's strategic location, mineral resources, and an attractive investment environment."], ["20250106", "Pre-construction surveys for the northern Ocean County beach replenishment project, costing $73.5 million, are set to begin in mid-January, with the dredge arriving offshore on February 5. The project involves placing 2.1 million cubic yards of sand on beaches from Manasquan to Barnegat inlets over six to seven months, starting in Seaside Heights and Park. This work is an ongoing renourishment effort, continuing a commitment made after Superstorm Sandy in 2012 to shore up beaches for the next 50 years."], ["20250106", "Republic Services Inc. has submitted comments to Treasury and the IRS regarding proposed regulations for the corporate alternative minimum tax (CAMT), specifically addressing the determination of a taxpayer's \"distributive share\" of a partnership's \"adjusted financial statement income\" (AFSI). The company recommends abandoning or materially revising the current proposed method, arguing it leads to unreasonable results, particularly when the hypothetical liquidation at book value (HLBV) method is used. Instead, Republic Services proposes two alternative approaches: a Consistent Method Approach, which aligns with financial accounting principles, and a Simplified Bottom-Up Approach, which prioritizes ease of administration."], ["20250105", "ICICI Bank has received a GST demand from the Maharashtra GST Department for \u20b950,38,09,792 and an equivalent penalty amount, totaling approximately \u20b9100 crore. The demand relates to tax under section 7(4) of the IGST Act, 2017. The bank plans to appeal the order within the stipulated timelines."], ["20250103", "Hawaiian Electric Industries Inc. (HEI) has sold over 90% of its non-controlling interests in American Savings Bank to independent investors for $405 million, valuing the bank at $450 million. HEI intends to use the proceeds to reduce debt and fund wildfire settlement contributions and utility initiatives following the 2023 Maui wildfires. This strategic move aims to simplify HEI's focus on its core utility business and strengthen its financial position, while American Savings Bank will continue its operations as an independent local bank."], ["20250103", "The U.S. Defense Security Cooperation Agency awarded Northrop Grumman Systems Corp. a $481.3 million hybrid contract to update and improve the Integrated Air and Missile Defense Battle Command System (IBCS) software. This deal highlights continued U.S. and allied investment in advanced defense capabilities, with Poland contributing over $347 million to the program. The upgrades are expected to enhance IBCS's integration with Poland's Patriot air defense systems, strengthening NATO's eastern flank."], ["20250102", "China has imposed new sanctions on 28 U.S. companies, primarily defense contractors like Lockheed Martin and General Dynamics, and added 10 to a stricter \"unreliable entities\" list. These actions, which include export controls and bans on investment and travel for executives, are a direct response to similar U.S. sanctions against Chinese firms and aim to safeguard China's national security and interests, particularly regarding Taiwan. Experts suggest the immediate impact on U.S. defense companies may be minimal since they typically do not conduct business with China, but the move signals China's willingness to retaliate in escalating trade tensions."], ["20250102", "Academy Sports and Outdoors has significantly reduced its sourcing from China by over 20% since 2019, now relying on the country for 50% of its inventory. This diversification strategy aims to mitigate risks from potential tariff increases under a new presidential administration and avoid supply chain disruptions like East Coast port strikes. The retailer is also modernizing its supply chain through new platforms and partnerships to enhance omnichannel capabilities and store growth."], ["20250101", "ITT Inc. plans to invest up to $85 million across its New York facilities over the next five years, creating 75 new jobs. The largest investment of $72.5 million will go to Goulds Pumps in Seneca Falls, generating 45 jobs, while other facilities in Orchard Park and Syracuse will also receive significant capital for modernization and job creation. State leaders have lauded this investment as crucial for strengthening New York's manufacturing sector and local economies."], ["20250201", "Dollar General has issued a confidential memo to store managers instructing them to allow Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents to speak with employees and customers who visit their locations. This guidance illustrates how companies are preparing to cooperate with the Trump administration's immigration priorities. The memo advises that agents should be asked to meet with employees outside the store and away from customers if possible."], ["20250131", "STMicroelectronics, a French-Italian computer chip maker, is reportedly considering cutting 2,000 to 3,000 jobs in its French and Italian plants as part of a restructuring program aiming for $300 million in cost reductions. While a spokesperson couldn't confirm the exact figures, the company's CEO acknowledged talks with unions about voluntary headcount reductions. Union representatives expressed concerns and called for government intervention to maintain jobs and investments."], ["20250131", "W. P. Carey Inc. (NYSE: WPC) has announced the income tax treatment of its 2024 dividends as reported on Form 1099-DIV. The company provided a detailed table outlining the distribution per share, ordinary dividends, capital gain distributions, and other specific tax categories for each quarterly dividend payment in 2024. W. P. Carey encourages stockholders to consult with their personal tax advisors regarding the specific tax treatment of these dividends."], ["20250131", "The U.S. economy is expected to continue growing in 2025, albeit at a more modest rate than in 2024, driven by a strong labor market, favorable consumer conditions, and lower interest rates. Despite potential uncertainties from changes in administration and policy, key indicators like softening inflation and continued business investment suggest sustained economic health. PNC projects real GDP growth of 1.9% for 2025, with the unemployment rate remaining around 4.2%."], ["20250131", "National Fuel Gas Distribution Corporation announced a quarterly adjustment to gas supply charges in Pennsylvania, effective February 1, 2025, increasing the typical residential customer's monthly bill by $5.22 due to higher natural gas market prices. The company reiterates that gas supply costs are passed through without profit and provides information on customer assistance programs like LIHEAP and CAP to help those struggling with payments."], ["20250131", "FirstEnergy Corp.'s Ohio electric companies have filed their sixth Electric Security Plan (ESP6) with the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. The plan focuses on continued investments in grid modernization, maintenance, and reliability, while also introducing customer assistance programs and energy efficiency initiatives. If approved, the average residential customer in Ohio could see an initial bill increase of approximately $3.40, or 2.7%,"], ["20250130", "Duke Energy Indiana has received approval from state regulators for an electricity rate increase of $395.7 million per year, which is less than the $491.5 million initially requested. The new rates are expected to take effect in late February. This decision follows an extensive review process and aims to support investments in grid modernization, reliability, and environmental compliance, though consumer advocates and some intervenors expressed concerns about affordability and the approved return on equity."], ["20250130", "Energy Fuels and the Navajo Nation have reached a landmark agreement allowing for the renewed transport of uranium ore through Navajo lands, coupled with enhanced safety measures and a commitment to clean up abandoned uranium mines. This deal is set to resume uranium ore shipments from Pinyon Plain mine to the White Mesa Mill in February 2025. This historic agreement aims to restore trust, advance U.S. energy independence, and align with Biden administration priorities for domestic energy production."], ["20250130", "In 2024, Tesla paid no federal income tax despite reporting $2.3 billion in income, continuing a trend of minimal tax payments over the past three years. The company's average tax rate over this period was 0.4 percent, significantly lower than the statutory 21 percent corporate tax rate. This avoidance is attributed to tax loopholes like accelerated depreciation and unspecified U.S. tax credits, which were expanded by the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act."], ["20250130", "The governor of S\u00e3o Paulo, Tarc\u00edsio de Freitas, received an award in New York for the privatization of Sabesp, despite the company being sold below its estimated real value and facing significant opposition from workers' unions. The privatization process, finalized in June of the previous year, involved a follow-on offering where shares were sold at R$ 72, while a union study claimed the fair value exceeded R$ 103 per share. Freitas praised the privatization as \"successful\" and attributed it to a dedicated technical team."], ["20250130", "A new lawsuit challenges Bally's plan to offer a 25% ownership stake in its Chicago casino project to women and minorities, alleging it is discriminatory. The casino project, valued at $1.7 billion, was awarded to Bally's with the understanding that it would help build wealth in Chicago's diverse communities through this ownership structure and other hiring and construction requirements. This legal battle highlights the ongoing national debate over Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) initiatives."], ["20250130", "The article forecasts 2025 to be a bullish year for the stock market, with small- and mid-cap segments showing promising performance potential. The Vanguard Extended Market Index Fund ETF (VXF) is highlighted for its cheaper valuation than the S&P 500 and higher long-term earnings growth projections. The author recommends a buy rating for VXF, anticipating strong performance in 2025 due to favorable conditions like tariffs, tax cuts, and rate cuts for these market segments."], ["20250129", "Honda announced a $300 million increase in investment across three Ohio auto plants, bringing its total investment to $1 billion. This aims to create production flexibility for building EVs, hybrids, and gas-powered vehicles on the same assembly lines. Honda also expressed concerns about potential cuts to EV incentives by a future Trump administration, arguing such changes could hinder EV sales and strategic decision-making in the industry."], ["20250129", "Norfolk Southern's CEO indicated that while tariffs present an uncertainty, they are not a major concern for the railroad operator's business. Regardless of where products originate, Norfolk Southern expects to continue moving them. This stance helped assuage investor fears about potential tariff headwinds, leading to a bounce in the company's shares."], ["20250129", "Norfolk Southern's CEO stated that while tariffs represent an uncertainty, they are not a significant worry for the railroad operator, as the company will transport goods regardless of their origin. This reassurance helped alleviate tariff fears among investors, leading to a bounce in the company's shares. The company addressed these concerns on a call with analysts following its fourth-quarter results."], ["20250129", "Enovis Corp., a billion-dollar medical technology company, plans a roughly $25 million manufacturing site expansion in Cedar Park, Texas. This new facility is expected to create over 160 jobs in the coming years and the company has received incentives for the project. The article details the incentives and the company's plans for the Austin suburb."], ["20250129", "Donald Trump's media venture, Truth Social, is expanding into financial services with Truth.Fi, a platform planning to invest up to $250 million in cryptocurrency and traditional assets. This initiative, supported by Charles Schwab for asset custody and advisory services, aims to back American economic growth and the \"Patriot Economy.\" The announcement led to a 10% surge in TMTG's stock, aligning with Trump's ongoing advocacy for digital assets and following Elon Musk's similar financial services announcement for X."], ["20250129", "A new report, the \"2025 Corporate Tax Technology Report\" by Thomson Reuters Institute and Tax Executives Institute, indicates that corporate tax departments are beginning to embrace technology integration despite a historical slowness to modernize. While widespread GenAI adoption is still limited, departments are increasing budgets and hiring specialists, showing a shift towards a tech-enabled future. The report highlights a positive outlook among tax professionals regarding technology's impact, anticipated growth in tech spend, and evolving job roles."], ["20250129", "The Argentine government has called for a public hearing on February 27, 2025, to define the future electricity tariffs for Edenor and Edesur, as part of a tariff transparency plan. This measure will also affect electricity transport companies, with their proposals to be discussed separately on February 26. The process is part of a Quinquennial Tariff Review aimed at improving service quality, reducing power outages, and adjusting tariffs after a period of lagging prices."], ["20250128", "Adient plc, a major automotive seating supplier, has stated it will not absorb the financial impact of impending 25% tariffs on goods from Mexico and Canada. CEO Jerome Dorlack indicated that these costs would be passed on to automakers, emphasizing that such a burden is unsustainable for Adient's profit and loss statement. The company, which moved some manufacturing to Mexico during previous tariff implementations, is engaging in urgent discussions with customers to manage the financial repercussions."], ["20250128", "The Ontario government is investing up to $285 million in pre-development work for TC Energy's proposed 1000-MW pumped energy storage project in Meaford. This funding will cover detailed cost estimates and environmental assessments, despite initial recommendations against the project by the IESO due to unfavorability compared to existing alternatives. The project, if approved, would be Canada's largest pumped storage facility, creating 1000 unionized jobs and utilizing a domestic supply chain."], ["20250127", "Manchester United CEO Omar Berrada has welcomed government support for the Old Trafford renovation project, calling it a \"once-in-a-lifetime opportunity\" for major regeneration. Chancellor Rachel Reeves is backing the project as a move to promote economic growth, while Greater Manchester Mayor Andy Burnham believes it's the biggest urban regeneration opportunity since the London 2012 Olympics. The goal is to create a landmark project around the stadium that benefits the entire region and the North of England, with plans including moving freight from the area to free up rail network capacity."], ["20250127", "Under the Trump administration, there's a potential resurgence for coal-fired power, with executive orders prioritizing energy development and lifting regulations on fossil fuels. Despite this, energy experts believe any boost for coal will be temporary due to the lower cost of natural gas and the enduring market for renewable energy. The article highlights how surging electricity demand from AI data centers, manufacturing, and electrification is causing delays in coal plant retirements, with utilities like PacifiCorp and Alliant Energy pushing back closure dates."], ["20250127", "NEOM has successfully closed a landmark export credit agency (ECA) financing transaction with Italy\u2019s SACE, securing approximately USD 3 billion. This untied facility, backed by a syndicate of nine international banks, is NEOM's first corporate ECA financing and aims to leverage Italian businesses, particularly SMEs, for various development projects across sectors like infrastructure and construction. The deal strengthens international business relationships and diversifies NEOM's funding for its long-term project requirements."], ["20250125", "The White House is negotiating a deal where Oracle and U.S. investors would take majority control of TikTok's global operations, with Oracle overseeing the app's algorithm, data collection, and software updates. This plan aims to address concerns about the app's Chinese ownership by minimizing ByteDance's stake and ensuring American oversight. This negotiation follows a congressional mandate for TikTok to divest from its Chinese parent company or face a nationwide ban."], ["20250125", "Jim Cramer recommends two underperforming semiconductor stocks, ASML Holding NV (AMS: ASML) and Lam Research Corp (LRCX), as buying opportunities for 2025. Both companies have seen significant drops in stock price recently, but Cramer believes their underlying fundamentals and potential for future growth, especially with easing trade tensions with China and increased AI spending, make them attractive investments. Lam Research, in particular, is highlighted for its low valuation and upcoming earnings report."], ["20250125", "This article examines whether PG&E Corporation (PCG) is a top stock to buy and hold for 2025, considering its average price target upside potential and hedge fund interest. It discusses the broader market rally influenced by AI optimism and President Trump's agenda, and details PG&E's strategic investments in infrastructure to meet increasing demand in California."], ["20250124", "The article discusses the dormant power station on Lake Erie, owned by NRG Energy Inc., which has been mothballed since 2016. Despite its prime location, NRG pays minimal taxes, and the community is struggling to get the property back on the tax rolls. The author raises concerns about NRG's lack of action and engagement, comparing it to a similar situation in Tonawanda, and highlights potential future uses proposed by local officials."], ["20250124", "Northern Trust Asset Management has announced its departure from both the Climate Action 100+ and the Net-Zero Asset Managers initiative. This decision aligns with a broader trend of Wall Street firms withdrawing from climate-focused alliances, particularly amid increased Republican scrutiny and a change in federal leadership. The company stated its confidence in independently managing material risks and engaging with portfolio companies to safeguard and grow client capital."], ["20250123", "The contractual period has begun for the construction of the new Ciro Alegr\u00eda Institute in Chep\u00e9n, after the land was handed over to Cementos Pacasmayo SAA, the company financing the project. This project, valued at over S/ 85 million, involves the construction of new infrastructure, furnishing, and equipment, and is expected to take approximately three years and two months to complete. It represents the ninth \"works for taxes\" project where land is delivered for execution, highlighting private sector commitment to educational investment."], ["20250123", "Investing in Master Limited Partnerships (MLPs) through ETFs offers a simplified tax experience for investors, avoiding the complexities of Schedule K-1s and potential unrelated taxable income (UBTI) in tax-advantaged accounts. Two prominent MLP-focused ETFs, the Alerian MLP ETF (AMLP) and the Alerian Energy Infrastructure ETF (ENFR), provide diversified exposure with different tax structures to suit various investor needs. These ETFs allow investors to capture the benefits of MLPs while streamlining tax filings."], ["20250123", "Healthcare and biotechnology stocks have underperformed recently compared to the broader market, but analysts suggest 2025 could bring a rebound. Potential catalysts include reduced policy uncertainty following the election, increased AI integration in research and development, and a more favorable environment for mergers and acquisitions within the sector. These factors could benefit funds like SBIO, particularly as large pharma companies seek to replenish their product pipelines."], ["20250122", "The Chilean government has fined Italian electricity distributor Enel's local unit $19 million for four infractions related to extended power outages in 2024 following heavy storms. The SEC electrical regulator cited the company for poor infrastructure maintenance, slow power restoration, failure to provide information, and inadequate customer complaint systems. Enel stated it acted within the law and would review the decision."], ["20250122", "Net Lease Office Properties (NLOP) announced the income tax treatment of its 2024 dividends, providing a detailed breakdown of distributions per share for tax reporting on Form 1099-DIV. Shareholders are advised to consult tax advisors for specific treatment. NLOP is a real estate investment trust owning high-quality office properties primarily leased to corporate tenants in the U.S. and Europe."], ["20250122", "Jabil Inc. disclosed $50,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2024, focusing on \"Chips and Sciences Act Implementation\" and \"Supply Chain\" issues. The article also details recent congressional and insider stock trading activities for JBL, showing more sales than purchases, alongside significant institutional investor movements."], ["20250122", "Stellantis has recommitted to building a new midsize pickup truck at its Belvidere, Illinois plant and the next-generation Dodge Durango SUV in Detroit, resolving a significant dispute with the United Auto Workers (UAW). This decision follows the departure of former CEO Carlos Tavares and new leadership, along with U.S. government pressure, aligning with the company's renewed focus on strengthening its American manufacturing footprint and workforce stability. The UAW president, Shawn Fain, hailed this as a victory for workers, noting it resolves grievances and secures investments in several U.S. facilities."], ["20250122", "The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission will prepare a less detailed Environmental Assessment instead of an Environmental Impact Statement for the Southeast Supply Enhancement Project pipeline, proposed by Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company. This decision has raised concerns among environmental groups and community advocates who criticize the reduced scope of environmental review and the shortened 30-day public comment period, which will occur over the winter holiday season. Critics argue this approach disregards public concerns about the pipeline's potential environmental and health impacts."], ["20250122", "The S\u00e3o Sebasti\u00e3o city hall fined Sabesp, the state sanitation company, a total of R$ 415,000 for sewage overflows in various parts of the municipality, primarily in the Juquehy neighborhood. Sabesp stated that while they haven't received formal notification, they have provided clarifications and teams attended the incident locations, asserting that their systems operate normally and are monitored. The company also clarified that a recent viral outbreak in the region is not related to its operations, attributing beach quality issues to factors like irregular urban growth and improper waste disposal."], ["20250122", "A member of the Shenandoah Valley Battlefields Foundation has filed a lawsuit against the organization, alleging it lacks the legal authority to restore an inactive Manassas Gap rail line for commercial freight service. The lawsuit claims the $23 million project deviates from the foundation's mission of preserving Civil War and historic sites and could jeopardize its federal tax-exempt status. This legal action comes amidst ongoing debate within the community regarding the best use for the nearly 50-mile rail corridor, with alternative proposals including a multi-use recreational trail."], ["20250122", "GE Vernova International LLC recently disclosed $130,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2024, focusing on corporate tax reform, international taxation, AI policy, critical infrastructure protection, energy appropriations, and trade policies. The article also highlights recent congressional stock trading involving GEV, with one sale by Representative Laurel M. Lee, and significant hedge fund activity showing both additions and reductions in GEV stock positions by institutional investors."], ["20250121", "Prologis, the world's largest industrial property owner, reported a significant increase in warehouse leasing activity in the fourth quarter following the U.S. November election, easing economic uncertainty. Despite concerns over potential tariffs, executives anticipate a gradual recovery in logistics demand, driven by e-commerce and supply chain modernization, with market vacancy expected to top out and rents to rise later in the year. The company also saw record revenues for the full year, partly due to increased data center development."], ["20250121", "Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan has expressed support for economic policies initiated by U.S. President Donald Trump, calling them a \"good thing\" for business. Moynihan noted that the initial executive orders were consistent with campaign promises and addressed topics like potential tariffs and crypto regulations. He also emphasized the need for the US government to control debt growth and shared insights on the bank's succession planning."], ["20250120", "A recent lobbying disclosure reveals that Walmart Inc. spent $90,000 in Q4 2024 for lobbying efforts that covered various issues including tax policy, trade, privacy, and antitrust reform. The article also details recent congressional and insider trading activity for WMT stock, as well as significant hedge fund movements in their WMT holdings."], ["20250120", "KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION disclosed $140,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2024, covering issues like manufacturing, environment, sanctions, and water management. The article also details recent congressional stock trading with Senator Tommy Tuberville selling KMB shares, insider trading activity with multiple sales by executives, and significant hedge fund portfolio adjustments involving KMB stock."], ["20250120", "Quiver ContractTracker reports a $12M payment to CGI FEDERAL INC. (GIB) from the Department of Homeland Security for records management and support services, made by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Over the last year, GIB has received $1.25 billion in award payments. The article also details recent hedge fund activity in GIB stock, showing both increases and decreases in institutional investor holdings."], ["20250119", "Visa and Mastercard are preparing to distribute $197.5 million in one-time payments as part of a settlement for allegedly charging unlawful surcharges on ATM transactions. Individuals who paid unreimbursed ATM access fees directly to JP Morgan, Wells Fargo, or Bank of America between October 1, 2007, and July 26, 2024, may be eligible, and only a receipt is needed to claim. The deadline to file a claim is January 22, 2025, with the final approval hearing scheduled for January 23, 2025."], ["20250117", "A new Lobbying Disclosure Act filing revealed that ZOETIS INC. spent $120,000 on lobbying in Q4 2024, focusing on issues like animal health, antibiotic use, and sustainability. The article also details recent insider trading activity for ZTS, including a significant sale by an executive, and reports on substantial hedge fund movements in ZTS stock. Investors are encouraged to use Quiver Quantitative's dashboards for further analysis of corporate lobbying, insider transactions, and institutional holdings."], ["20250117", "Kopin Corporation disclosed $60,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2024, focusing on securing support and funding for micro-display development and production. The disclosure highlights legislative efforts like H.R. 8774/S 4921, Department of Defense Appropriations, FY2025. Additionally, the article details significant hedge fund activity concerning Kopin stock (KOPN), with several institutional investors increasing their positions."], ["20250117", "A recent Lobbying Disclosure Act filing revealed that EQUINIX INC. (EQIX) disclosed $290,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2024. The lobbying efforts covered a range of issues including energy and transmission projects, IT modernization, federal data center initiatives, and relevant sections of the National Defense Authorization Act. Additionally, the article details recent insider stock sales by EQIX executives and changes in institutional investor holdings."], ["20250117", "A new Lobbying Disclosure Act filing revealed that GATX CORPORATION engaged in $190,000 worth of lobbying efforts in Q4 2024, focusing on issues like car hire rate reform, railway and railroad safety acts, infrastructure investment, and corporate tax reform. The article also details recent insider trading activity in GATX stock, showing significant purchases, and hedge fund movements, with institutions both adding and reducing their positions."], ["20250117", "President-elect Donald Trump has announced his plan to nominate Bill Pulte, founder and CEO of Pulte Capital Partners, LLC, as the next director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA). Pulte is a vocal Trump supporter, and his nomination is expected to lead to the successful conclusion of the government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) conservatorship, a goal initiated during Trump's first administration. This appointment follows the resignation of current FHFA director Sandra Thompson, effective January 19, 2025."], ["20250117", "U.S. refiners, particularly those on the Gulf Coast and in the Midwest, are concerned about former President Trump's pledge to implement a 25-percent tariff on Canadian imports, including oil and gas. Many of these refineries are specifically tooled for Canadian heavy crude. Industry groups and politicians on both sides of the border are working to mitigate the potential economic impact, as Canada is the largest foreign supplier of crude to the U.S., and the two countries' energy sectors are highly interdependent."], ["20250117", "The Public Utility Commission of Texas (PUCT) has approved the first phase of Entergy's Texas Future Ready Resiliency Plan, committing $137 million to enhance grid reliability through projects like undergrounding power lines and modernizing transmission. However, the PUCT declined to conditionally approve an additional $198 million in projects Entergy sought to fund via the Texas Energy Fund, emphasizing a need to keep funding mechanisms separate. Entergy aims to improve power reliability without increasing customer bills, partly by leveraging federal funding."], ["20250117", "The Government of Canada has approved Bunge Global SA's acquisition of Viterra Limited, an agri-business deal, under strict terms and conditions. These conditions are designed to protect competition in Canada's grain and oilseed sectors, ensure fair pricing for farmers, and secure significant investments and job retention within the country. Measures include the divestiture of Bunge's grain elevators, controls on its stake in G3, a price protection program for canola oil, retention of Viterra's head office in Regina, and a binding commitment for Bunge to invest at least $520 million in Canada."], ["20250116", "The FTC has filed a lawsuit against John Deere, alleging the company restricts farmers' ability to repair their own equipment, forcing them to rely on authorized dealers. This action follows years of debate and research into right-to-repair issues, with farmers reporting significant financial losses due to these restrictions. John Deere maintains the lawsuit is baseless, while organizations like the National Farmers Union support the FTC's efforts to ensure farmers can repair their equipment independently."], ["20250116", "A Florida appeals court decision regarding a homeowner\u2019s insurance assignment of benefits (AOB) lawsuit could significantly impact the state\u2019s auto insurance industry and how collision repairers interact with customers. The court sided with American Integrity Insurance Company, ruling that HICA lacked standing because its AOB did not comply with a state governing statute. This decision is seen as a milestone victory for Gov. Rick DeSantis\u2019 insurance reform efforts aimed at curbing excessive AOB litigation and potentially reducing insurance costs."], ["20250116", "The Semiconductor Industry Association (SIA) has applauded the latest CHIPS and Science Act incentives from the US Department of Commerce. These incentives support significant investments by Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) and Coherent to strengthen US semiconductor manufacturing and R&D capabilities. This initiative aims to expand domestic semiconductor packaging, mature node manufacturing, and wafer production, contributing to a more resilient supply chain and tripling US semiconductor manufacturing capacity by 2032."], ["20250116", "The Department of Energy\u2019s Loan Programs Office (LPO) announced conditional commitments for loan guarantees totaling up to $8.81 billion to DTE Gas Company and DTE Electric Company. These commitments aim to fund infrastructure improvements, including updating natural gas lines and installing generation and battery storage, to provide safe, affordable, and cleaner energy to millions in Michigan. The LPO's financing offers lower interest rates to help maintain affordability for customers and is expected to support thousands of jobs, while also adhering to Community Benefits Plans."], ["20250115", "MetLife's $4.5 million class action settlement, addressing claims that its 401(k) plan favored affiliated funds, has received final court approval. The agreement includes a $1.5 million fee for the plaintiffs' attorneys. Over 48,000 plan participants who invested in MetLife's index funds between July 2015 and December 2021 are expected to recover 19% to 27% of their estimated losses."], ["20250115", "The Federal Attorney for Environmental Protection (Profepa) has imposed a temporary total closure on Ternium M\u00e9xico S.A. de C.V. in Puebla due to the discharge of residual waters into a tributary of the Atoyac River. This action follows an inspection conducted between December 16 and 19 and is part of a broader commitment to clean up the most contaminated rivers in Mexico. The company had invested in an environmental \"Smoke House\" in 2019, but Profepa found continued non-compliance with environmental regulations."], ["20250115", "A New York judge has ordered Argentina to disclose information regarding the Central Bank's gold reserves following a request from hedge fund Burford Capital. This order is part of the ongoing US$16.1 billion lawsuit Burford won against Argentina for the expropriation of YPF. Argentina had argued that the Central Bank and Republic are separate entities and that gold reserves are confidential, but the judge ruled that the Republic must produce its own documents concerning the reserves."], ["20250115", "The political \"pendulum\" in Alaska is swinging towards increased mining potential, especially with the incoming Trump administration vowing to maximize resource development. This shift is expected to reverse policies of the previous administration that restricted mining, such as the Ambler Road project. Mining companies like U.S. GoldMining Inc., Nova Minerals Ltd., and Contango Ore Inc. are actively advancing projects, and a state-led road project to the West Susitna Mineral District is underway to unlock new copper, gold, and critical mineral resources."], ["20250114", "President-elect Trump's $20 billion plan for data center investment, backed by DAMAC Properties, is set to significantly boost technology infrastructure in key U.S. states. This initiative coincides with the rapid growth of AI and cloud computing, creating a massive demand for advanced data centers. The Global X Data Center & Digital Infrastructure ETF (DTCR) offers a strategic way to invest in companies leading this digital transformation."], ["20250114", "Mastercard has agreed to a $26 million settlement and will audit its employment practices to resolve claims that it systematically underpaid approximately 7,500 female, Black, and Hispanic employees. Four former employees accused the company of routinely placing women and people of color in lower-paying roles, leading to smaller raises and fewer promotions compared to white men. Mastercard denies wrongdoing but stated the settlement is in the best interest of all involved."], ["20250114", "SANMINA CORPORATION recently disclosed $80,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2024, focusing on issues such as H.R. 3249 the Protecting Circuit Boards and Substrates Act and the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2024. Insider trading activity for SANM shows 14 sales and zero purchases by insiders over the last six months, totaling a significant number of shares sold. Additionally, institutional investor activity indicates 129 firms increased their holdings while 149 decreased them in Q3 2024, with notable moves by FULLER & THALER ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC., WILLIAM BLAIR INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, LLC, and JPMORGAN CHASE & CO."], ["20250114", "A new Lobbying Disclosure Act filing reveals that RAINBOW MEDIA HOLDINGS LLC (AMC NETWORKS INC.) disclosed $20,000 in lobbying expenses for Q4 2024, focusing on performance rights, copyright, and intellectual property. The article also touches on AMC Networks Inc. (AMCX) hedge fund activity, noting a mix of institutional investors adding and decreasing their shares."], ["20250114", "H&R Block is preparing taxpayers for the 2025 tax season, which opens for e-filing on January 27th, by providing updates on new tax laws and resources to help maximize refunds. The company highlights changes such as the lowered 1099-K reporting threshold, the new Form 1099-DA for digital assets, an increased Child Tax Credit, and guidance on clean vehicle tax credits and natural disaster relief. H&R Block offers various filing options, including in-person assistance and DIY tools, backed by expert support and guarantees for accuracy and maximum refunds."], ["20250114", "President-elect Trump's $20 billion plan for data center investment, backed by DAMAC Properties, is set to significantly boost U.S. technology infrastructure in key states. This initiative coincides with the rapid expansion of AI and cloud computing, creating a massive demand for advanced data centers. The Global X Data Center & Digital Infrastructure ETF (DTCR) offers a strategic way to invest in companies leading this digital infrastructure boom, making it a compelling choice for investors."], ["20250114", "J.P. Morgan Private Bank anticipates a significant increase in U.S. tariffs, particularly on imports from China, which could lead to 50-year highs or even levels not seen in a century. This policy aims to enhance supply chain security and domestic manufacturing, shifting the U.S. away from its reliance on foreign production, especially for critical minerals. While tariffs are expected to cause higher inflation and keep interest rates elevated, J.P. Morgan remains positive on U.S. assets, expecting industrial and utility sectors to benefit, and the U.S. dollar to strengthen."], ["20250114", "H&R Block is providing key information for the 2025 tax season, including significant changes to tax laws, deductions, and credits, as e-file opens on January 27. The company emphasizes its expertise and technology to help taxpayers maximize refunds, offering services like the free Second Look\u00ae tax review and various filing options. Key updates include a lowered 1099-K reporting threshold, a new 1099-DA for digital assets, an increased Child Tax Credit, and guidance on the Clean Vehicle Tax Credit and natural disaster relief."], ["20250113", "ENTEGRIS INC. disclosed $70,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2024, focusing on issues related to the CHIPS and Science Act. Insider trading records show one sale of 502 shares by an SVP within the last six months, with no purchases. Additionally, hedge fund activity indicates significant portfolio adjustments in ENTG stock by various institutional investors in Q3 2024."], ["20250113", "American Century Investments presents its 2025 investment outlook, analyzing opportunities and risks amidst a new U.S. administration and Congress. The outlook identifies potential for volatility but highlights growth areas like AI, healthcare, and the financial sector, while also flagging risks related to corporate earnings, China's economy, and tariffs. Despite uncertainties, American Century emphasizes a long-term investment strategy focused on identifying strong businesses."], ["20250113", "Donald Trump's potential second term as US president is expected to significantly impact emerging market debt (EMD), presenting both challenges and opportunities. The article by Franklin Templeton Fixed Income analysts discusses how proposed trade policies, tariffs, and other changes will affect EMD markets, leading to a stronger US dollar and trade disruptions, making hard currency bonds more attractive. It outlines specific regional implications and identifies opportunities in high-yield sovereign bonds and corporate debt for well-positioned investors."], ["20250113", "The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) has terminated 24 funding awards, including a nearly $57.3 million award to O-I Glass for rebuilding a furnace in Zanesville, Ohio. The initial award in January 2025 was intended to support a project aimed at significantly reducing carbon dioxide emissions through advanced furnace technologies. Other packaging companies like Gallo Glass and Nippon Dynawave Packaging also had their awards canceled."], ["20250110", "Alabama's Congressional delegation and 18 colleagues have sent a bipartisan letter to the Biden Administration, expressing concern that attempts to renegotiate trade agreements could undermine Vulcan Materials Corp.'s ongoing arbitration with the Mexican government. They argue that changes to the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement and U.S.-Columbia Trade Promotion Agreement might strip investor protections and should be handled by the incoming Trump Administration. This action is particularly relevant to Birmingham-based Vulcan Materials, which is embroiled in a dispute with Mexico over its limestone quarry operations and a deep-water port facility."], ["20250110", "The global hydrogen market is projected to reach $500 billion by 2025, offering significant investment opportunities for both seasoned and new investors in clean energy. This comprehensive guide details market trends, investment vehicles, and strategic approaches for 2025, distinguishing between blue and green hydrogen, and highlighting major company involvement, ETF options, and infrastructure projects. Strong government support and policy frameworks worldwide are driving growth and offering tax incentives, making strategic portfolio diversification across technologies and regions crucial for maximizing returns and managing risks in this evolving sector."], ["20250110", "Canadian Natural Resources Ltd (CNRL) has allocated $90 million in its 2025 budget for carbon capture initiatives, despite political uncertainty surrounding Canada\u2019s climate policies after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's resignation. The company remains committed to the Pathways Alliance's net-zero emissions goal, which relies on large-scale carbon capture projects. CNRL president Scott Stauth confirmed that the budget will primarily fund engineering work for the Pathways project and other carbon capture efforts."], ["20250109", "The 10-year Treasury yield has surged over 100 basis points since September, reaching 4.7%, prompting concerns about inflation despite Federal Reserve rate cuts. This article explores a contrarian view, suggesting that inflation fears might be exaggerated and that the current high yields could present a buying opportunity. Factors such as potentially less severe Trump policies and the possibility of further Fed rate cuts are discussed as reasons why Treasury yields may be nearing a peak."], ["20250109", "Josh Finke, Lumen's Senior Vice President, Public Sector, discusses how Lumen Technologies is supporting Federal government agencies with network modernization and AI integration. The company is focusing on simplifying technology consumption, enhancing network security and reliability, and building an \"AI fabric\" to support data-intensive AI workloads. Finke also shared Lumen's perspective on Federal AI policy, emphasizing a multi-phase approach to AI adoption for measurable outcomes."], ["20250109", "Dykema has been recognized as a 2025 \"Michigan Powerhouse\" by Law360, highlighting the firm's role in significant legal matters within Michigan and its collaborative culture. The firm was profiled for its work on acquisitions, unique sponsorship deals, defense in class-action lawsuits, and its strong government investigations and white-collar practices. Law360 also noted the Detroit office's return to the city's Central Business District as Dykema approaches its 100th anniversary."], ["20250109", "PPG Industries Ohio, Inc. has been fined $117,560 by the Ohio EPA for hazardous waste management violations at its Circleville and Delaware facilities. Inspections revealed issues like improper labeling, excessive storage times, and safety concerns, including spills and obstructed aisles. PPG has taken steps to address these violations, but the Ohio EPA is continuing its monitoring to ensure full compliance."], ["20250108", "The Biden administration's USTR is reportedly attempting to weaken investor-state dispute settlement (ISDS) protections in trade agreements, which could harm U.S. manufacturers operating abroad, as exemplified by Vulcan Materials Company's dispute with the Mexican government. Congressional members across party lines have condemned these efforts. The National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) urges the USTR to cease these actions, emphasizing the importance of ISDS for fair treatment and protection against expropriation for U.S. investments."], ["20250108", "BankUnited, Inc. (BUI) was denied a tax refund because the court determined BUI's reporting of certain assets was an error rather than a method of accounting, and the statute of limitations for the relevant tax years had expired. The court also applied the duty of consistency, noting that BUI had previously asserted its reporting was an error to receive an earlier refund, and could not now take a contradictory position. The case highlights the critical distinction between accounting methods and errors for tax refund claims."], ["20250107", "The U.S. Department of Transportation has fined JetBlue Airways Corp. $2 million for operating chronically delayed flights, including one route between Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and Bradley International Airport in Connecticut. Half of the fine will go to affected customers, with a minimum compensation of $75 per customer, but JetBlue has not yet detailed the disbursement process. The DOT is enforcing penalties for chronic delays to ensure airlines provide realistic scheduling information to passengers."], ["20250107", "Susannah Kerr, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Federal and Environmental Solutions at Jacobs, discussed national security concerns with GovCon Wire. She highlighted three key areas for growth and focus: energy, PFAS, and global security, emphasizing the need for comprehensive solutions to address outdated critical infrastructure, environmental contamination, and evolving defense needs. Kerr also detailed how Jacobs is working with government clients to modernize procurement processes, integrate new technologies, and ensure long-term resilience against various threats."], ["20250106", "China has imposed sanctions on several U.S. defense contractors and their executives, including subsidiaries of Boeing, Raytheon, Lockheed Martin, and General Dynamics, in response to their arms sales to Taiwan. The sanctions include freezing assets in China and banning future trade. China views these arms sales as a violation of the \"one China\" policy and an attempt to promote separatism, asserting its right to safeguard its sovereignty and territorial integrity."], ["20250104", "Automakers like Hyundai and Ford are extending $7,500 discounts on certain electric vehicle models after a federal tax credit expired, aiming to maintain sales momentum. This move comes as EV sales are expected to slow and companies adjust strategies due to policy changes and market conditions, with some automakers offering direct incentives or leveraging existing credits."], ["20250103", "Contango Ore, a Fairbanks-based mining company, has found success with an unconventional gold mining model that bypasses on-site processing and tailings dumps by shipping raw ore to existing mills. This approach allowed their flagship Manh Choh project to open quickly, and they now aim to develop two more mines in Southcentral Alaska using the same strategy. While this method accelerates development and reduces initial environmental footprint, it faces backlash over increased heavy truck traffic and potential environmental concerns during transportation, stirring local debate on road safety and infrastructure wear."], ["20250103", "U.S. President-elect Donald Trump criticized Britain's Labour government, stating they are \"making a very big mistake\" with their windfall tax policy on North Sea oil producers. His comments followed a report that APA Corp. unit Apache plans to cease its North Sea operations by 2029 due to the tax making production uneconomical. Britain's Labour Party intends to increase this windfall tax to 38% and extend it to March 2030, using the revenue to fund the transition away from fossil fuels."], ["20250103", "Rhode Island's business community faces significant uncertainty in 2025, highlighted by six major developing stories. These include the potential relocation of Hasbro to Boston, the expansion of Nicholas S. Schorsch's Heritage Restaurant Group in Newport, and the ongoing challenges from the Washington Bridge closure. Additionally, there are continued leadership changes within the state's Housing Department and further funding requests from the developer of the \"Superman\" building."], ["20250103", "Hydrogen stocks like Plug Power, FuelCell Energy, and Bloom Energy are rallying after the Biden administration eased criteria for green hydrogen tax credits. The new rules allow producers to obtain the $3 per kilogram tax credit by demonstrating annual renewable power usage through 2029, and permit the use of power from at-risk nuclear plants and some fossil fuel plants with carbon capture systems. While the change is seen as an improvement, the Fuel Cell and Hydrogen Energy Association noted the rules remain complex and require careful evaluation by project developers."], ["20250102", "Samsung, Texas Instruments, and Amkor have finalized their CHIPS and Science Act funding agreements with the US Department of Commerce. Samsung will receive $4.745 billion for its $37 billion investment in Texas, Texas Instruments will get $1.61 billion for its $18 billion project across Texas and Utah, and Amkor will receive $407 million for its $2 billion investment in an Arizona OSAT plant. These agreements are part of a broader effort by the US to secure a domestic supply of advanced semiconductors and are finalized before a new presidential term which may see changes to CHIPS Act support."], ["20250131", "Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro announced a plan to fast-track and subsidize the construction of new power plants and hydrogen projects in the state. The proposal includes creating a new board to streamline permitting and offering tax credits of up to $100 million annually for power plants and up to $49 million for hydrogen fuel users. This initiative aims to increase Pennsylvania's energy competitiveness and address growing electricity demand, particularly from energy-intensive sectors like data centers."], ["20250130", "Clean energy groups, including the Southern Alliance for Clean Energy (SACE), are advocating for significant reforms to the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) to improve its transmission planning, transparency, and oversight. They argue that the TVA has deviated from its original public service mission and operates without sufficient independent accountability, unlike investor-owned utilities. Key recommendations include providing independent staff for the TVA Board, comprehensive evaluation of transmission systems including interregional options, revising limitations on power sales outside TVA's territory, and potentially bringing TVA under FERC jurisdiction."], ["20250129", "New Hampshire lawmakers are introducing House Bill 566 to address the management of landfill leachate, often called \"trash juice,\" which contains heavy metals, toxins, and PFAS. The bill aims to establish more comprehensive requirements for leachate management, including post-closure planning for landfills, and enshrine these provisions in state law rather than agency rules. This legislative action follows enforcement failures at several state landfills, such as the one in Bethlehem operated by Casella Waste Systems, which had hundreds of violations related to leachate levels."], ["20250123", "Rhode Island is debating a \"millionaire's tax\" on its highest earners, proposing a 3% surtax on those making over $650,000 to address a projected $223 million deficit and fund social services, healthcare, and public transit. Proponents argue it's crucial for state revenue and necessary to avoid service cuts, while opponents, including business groups like the Greater Providence Chamber of Commerce and some state leaders, fear it could drive wealthy residents and companies, such as Hasbro Inc., to leave the state for more tax-friendly environments. The debate highlights conflicting views on tax migration and economic competitiveness, with analyses from the Tax Foundation and the Economic Progress Institute offering differing conclusions on the impact of such taxes on population movement."], ["20250121", "In 2025, investors should monitor seven key political trends under a new Republican-led White House and Congress. These include the likely extension of individual and corporate tax rules from 2017, potential debt-ceiling debates impacting policy goals, and the possibility of increased tariffs affecting specific industries. Additionally, clean energy may see a boost from lower interest rates, while the healthcare sector could face headwinds, and restrictive immigration policies might slow economic growth."], ["20250121", "Canada's federal cybersecurity bill, C-26, intended to protect critical infrastructure, has been stalled due to the prorogation of Parliament. This legislative setback has heightened concerns among cybersecurity experts, who warn that Canadian businesses are increasingly vulnerable to cyberattacks and that Canada is falling further behind its global peers in cybersecurity legislation. Industry leaders are now urging critical sectors to proactively implement protective measures while awaiting the bill's potential reintroduction."], ["20250121", "New research from Clean Energy Associates (CEA) suggests that Donald Trump's potential trade policies could significantly impact the U.S. energy storage sector, increasing battery system costs by over 35%. Key policy risks include higher Section 301 tariffs on Chinese imports and stricter enforcement of the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act. These impending changes are expected to diversify supply chains away from China and complicate procurement for domestic battery buyers."], ["20250120", "The UK government is exploring non-firm grid access for new energy storage projects as part of its Review of Electricity Market Arrangements (REMA) reforms. This change could mean new storage facilities are curtailed without compensation, a risk that consultancy AFRY and Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners (CIP) believe may be more manageable for energy storage compared to other asset types, given their operational characteristics. The goal is to facilitate faster grid connection for more storage, despite concerns about creating a two-tier system."], ["20250117", "KENVUE INC. disclosed $20,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2024, focusing on corporate and international tax issues including OECD Pillar 2 negotiations and specific IRC sections. The article also details recent congressional stock trading of KVUE, with 3 sales by members of Congress, and hedge fund activity showing significant additions and removals of KVUE shares by institutional investors."], ["20250117", "This article criticizes the chaotic and delayed process of marijuana rescheduling in the U.S., particularly the role of the DEA and DOJ. The author expresses hope for Schedule III classification despite the bureaucratic hurdles, emphasizing that HHS's scientific findings should be binding. Key issues discussed include the cancellation of merit-based proceedings, the political motivations behind the delays, and potential future impacts under a new administration."], ["20250115", "The U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has sued farm equipment manufacturer Deere & Co, alleging it unlawfully inflates repair costs by mandating farmers use its authorized dealer network. The lawsuit claims Deere's practices, which restrict access to necessary repair software and tools, violate antitrust laws and prevent farmers from using independent mechanics or performing DIY repairs. The FTC, joined by Illinois and Minnesota, seeks to compel Deere to make its repair tools available to equipment owners and independent providers."], ["20250108", "President-elect Donald Trump has reiterated his desire for the U.S. to gain control of Greenland, a Danish territory. He threatened to impose tariffs on Danish imports if Denmark does not cede control of Greenland, citing national and economic security concerns. Trump did not rule out the use of military force to acquire the island."], ["20250108", "Arizona State University Research Park in Tempe has been selected as the site for the third CHIPS for America research and development facility, focusing on semiconductor prototyping and packaging. This facility, which will be operational by Q4 2028, will involve the highest financial investment among the three R&D centers. It aims to bridge lab-to-production challenges by providing a manufacturing-like setting for diverse R&D activities, leveraging Arizona's existing microelectronics ecosystem."], ["20250106", "This article explains the role and responsibilities of the Public Utility Commission of Texas (PUC), the agency that regulates ERCOT and utilities like CenterPoint Energy. It details the PUC's structure, its priorities in fulfilling grid reforms and managing Texas' growing power needs, and how citizens can file complaints or raise concerns with the commission. The article also touches upon controversies surrounding the PUC, such as the 2021 freeze and recent storm repair cost recovery for CenterPoint."], ["20250106", "McDonald's is scaling back its DEI initiatives, retiring specific diversity targets for senior leadership, pausing external surveys, and discontinuing a supplier program focused on minority representation. This move comes in response to the 2023 Supreme Court ruling against affirmative action and a broader corporate trend of reevaluating DEI strategies amid changing legal and political landscapes. Despite these adjustments, McDonald's states it remains committed to an inclusive workforce and will continue to support diverse employees, franchisees, and suppliers through its Global Inclusion Team."], ["20250201", "A new category of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) is emerging, designed to minimize investors' tax liabilities further than traditional ETFs by utilizing IRS Section 351. This section allows investors to transfer appreciated assets into new ETFs without immediate capital gains tax, effectively removing tax as a frictional cost. Several firms, including Alpha Architect, Cambria, and Tema ETFs, are leveraging this strategy, specifically targeting investors with high effective tax rates and substantial unrealized gains in their portfolios."], ["20250131", "Grambling State University (GSU) alumnus Jon-Al Duplantier and his wife, Devra Mouton Duplantier, have established two $40,000 endowments for the university's GAP Scholarship Fund. These endowments, named after the Duplantier and Mouton families, aim to provide financial assistance to students who face a small remaining balance in tuition after financial aid. The couple was inspired to give back to GSU and the community after realizing some students were forced to leave due to small financial shortfalls, and also through their involvement in a summer reading program for children."], ["20250131", "Taser maker Axon's plan to build a large apartment complex as part of its proposed Scottsdale headquarters will go before voters in 2026 after a petition by Taxpayers Against Awful Apartment Zoning Exemptions (TAAAZE) was certified. Axon has stated that waiting until November 2026 for a resolution makes the current Scottsdale location untenable and is actively looking into moving its headquarters out of Arizona. TAAAZE opposes the apartment complex due to concerns about density, traffic, and strain on public services."], ["20250130", "Connecticut's largest utilities, Eversource and United Illuminating, have filed a lawsuit against the Public Utilities Regulatory Authority (PURA) and its chairwoman, Marissa Gillett. They allege that Gillett has overstepped her authority by unilaterally controlling cases and decisions, taking advantage of commissioner vacancies. PURA and Governor Lamont have dismissed the lawsuit as a \"stunt\" by the utilities to impede regulation that benefits ratepayers."], ["20250130", "Cardinal Health CEO Jason Hollar has issued a warning regarding the impact of tariffs. The full article content appears to be truncated, but the headline suggests a focus on concerns about trade policies."], ["20250130", "South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster delivered his eighth State of the State address, proposing tax reforms, pay hikes for teachers and first responders, and consolidation of mental health departments. Key initiatives include further reducing state income taxes, creating a state-level disaster relief program, and increasing the minimum teacher salary to $50,000. He also advocated for school choice funding, allowing debit card purchases for lottery tickets, and freezing public college tuition for in-state students."], ["20250130", "The article discusses the potential negative impact of President Donald Trump's proposed tariffs on Canada and Mexico on U.S. railroad operators. Despite strong stock performance from companies like Union Pacific, Norfolk Southern, and Canadian Pacific Kansas City, tariff implementations could pose a significant challenge to their business, which heavily relies on trade with neighboring countries."], ["20250129", "Nvidia's stock experienced a turbulent week, dropping 4% on Wednesday, amid concerns over a less capital-intensive AI model from China's DeepSeek and reports that Donald Trump is considering stricter export controls on semiconductor chip sales to China. The market volatility, driven by DeepSeek's competitive AI model and potential geopolitical shifts, prompted analysts to reassess the AI investment landscape, though many still view Nvidia's selloff as an overreaction. DeepSeek's emergence has led to significant shifts in market values for major tech companies and ignited debates about the future of AI development and U.S. competitiveness."], ["20250129", "The Sands Institute for Chinese Language and Culture, founded with a $15M gift from Las Vegas Sands Corporation, has launched at UNLV to strengthen U.S.-China relations through immersive language courses and cultural programs. It aims to foster mutual understanding, prepare students for a globalized world, and enhance Las Vegas's international connections, particularly with the Pacific Rim. The institute will offer academic programs, scholarships, and community activities, providing critical skills for workforce development and cross-cultural engagement."], ["20250127", "Redfin CEO Glenn Kelman warns that California faces an unprecedented \"triple threat\" of rising house prices, interest rates, and insurance rates, particularly exacerbated by the recent Los Angeles fires. He expects the insurance crisis to worsen, but believes the extensive damage from the fires may force the state to abandon its \"NIMBY\" (not-in-my-backyard) policies, speeding up rebuilding efforts, potentially with the help of a real estate developer-turned-president. Kelman anticipates new developments will lead to increased density and a changed landscape for affected neighborhoods."], ["20250127", "Kraft Heinz has criticized Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for making \"misleading statements\" about its ketchup production in Canada. Trudeau had suggested that Heinz ketchup, made in the US, could be a target for tariffs in a trade dispute, implying the absence of a Canadian-made alternative. However, Kraft Heinz clarified that it resumed Canadian production of Heinz ketchup using local tomatoes in 2020."], ["20250127", "Twin Cities Pride has ended its nearly two-decade sponsorship with Target Corp. after the retailer rolled back its diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) policies. An online fundraiser quickly raised over $50,000 to offset the lost funding, exceeding the expected donation from Target. Minnesota Senator Scott Dibble criticized Target's decision as a \"total capitulation\" to former President Trump's \"politics of cruelty.\""], ["20250125", "A federal law banning TikTok in the U.S. has created a schism among American tech companies, forcing them to choose between complying with the law or adhering to President-elect Trump's executive order to pause its enforcement. Companies like Amazon, Apple, and Google have moved to comply with the ban, while others like Oracle, Akamai, and Fastly continue to support TikTok. This situation highlights the legal and political complexities surrounding the TikTok ban and the varying approaches taken by major tech firms."], ["20250124", "Wingstop Inc. has partnered with the American Red Cross to support communities affected by the 2025 California wildfires. Customers can round up their orders on Wingstop's website or app, with 100% of contributions going to the Red Cross, matched dollar-for-dollar by Wingstop up to $500,000 through February 15. Additionally, Wingstop is providing free meals to first responders and donating food to fire stations and medical facilities."], ["20250124", "This article discusses how tariffs, or their absence, could significantly impact the Canadian dollar and the Canadian economy, especially in the context of trade relations with major partners like the United States. It explains how tariffs can affect export revenues, the balance of trade, and the Canadian dollar's value, outlining both the potential benefits and drawbacks of protectionist policies versus free trade. The piece also highlights the role of companies like Interchange Financial in helping Canadians navigate currency fluctuations."], ["20250123", "T. Rowe Price discusses the evolving retirement policy landscape, highlighting congressional and regulatory focus areas for 2025 and beyond. Key themes include imminent tax reform, enhancements to SECURE 2.0, litigation reform, efforts to expand retirement plan access, and a shift in focus from savings accumulation to retirement income generation. The article emphasizes T. Rowe Price's commitment to monitoring these changes to keep employers and financial professionals informed."], ["20250123", "The Supreme Court of Ohio upheld the denial of a tax refund claim by Total Renal Care, Inc. (TRC), affirming that the company's gross receipts from dialysis services performed in Ohio are entirely sitused to Ohio for Commercial Activity Tax (CAT) purposes. TRC had sought a refund, arguing that a portion of its receipts were related to laboratory and administrative services conducted outside of Ohio. However, the court ruled that these out-of-state services were ancillary to the primary dialysis treatment provided in Ohio, and thus, the full benefit of the service was received by patients in Ohio."], ["20250122", "The IPO market is projected for a significant rebound in 2025, driven by anticipated policy changes under a new administration, a more favorable business climate, and improved regulatory conditions. Investment bankers are preparing for increased dealmaking, with Goldman Sachs CEO David Solomon forecasting growth in both IPO and M&A markets. Investors seeking to capitalize on this optimistic outlook can consider several ETFs that track IPO performance."], ["20250121", "GE Healthcare Technologies Inc. disclosed $220,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2024, focusing on a wide range of healthcare and technology-related legislative issues. Insider trading activity for GEHC shows four sales in the past six months with no purchases. Institutional investors have presented mixed activity, with some significantly adding to their positions while others decreased holdings."], ["20250121", "Corning Painter of Orion discusses the evolving carbon black industry, touching on sustainability, tariffs, and imports. The article also mentions a recent Supreme Court decision striking down some of Trump's tariff powers and other news in the rubber and EV sectors."], ["20250121", "President Trump has issued a series of executive orders aimed at boosting natural gas, oil, and coal production, restarting LNG export approvals, and restricting renewable energy development. Declaring a \"national energy emergency\" to combat inflation and high energy prices, the administration intends to reduce regulatory burdens and increase domestic energy supply. This move includes restarting reviews for LNG export projects, drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, and resuming the Keystone XL pipeline project."], ["20250121", "NUTRIEN US LLC disclosed $340,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2024, focusing on a wide range of agricultural issues, trade, environmental concerns, and infrastructure. The disclosure, detailed in a new Lobbying Disclosure Act filing, covers topics from general agriculture to specific acts like the Farm Bill reauthorization and the Water Resources Development Act. This update also highlights recent hedge fund activity in Nutrien Ltd. (NTR) stock, showing significant institutional investor movements."], ["20250121", "Huntington CEO Steve Steinour states that the Trump administration has increased confidence among banks and customers, leading to a more positive outlook for 2025 and beyond. He attributes this to reduced regulation and increased borrowing. This sentiment is based on his interactions with approximately 100 customers and prospects since the election."], ["20250121", "The article discusses the potential impact of an incoming Trump administration on home-based care, highlighting that Republicans' focus on cost-cutting could present opportunities for providers. Experts suggest that the administration may increase investment in home-based care due to its proven ability to reduce overall healthcare costs, particularly concerning Medicare. However, successful advocacy from home-based care providers will be crucial to address ongoing issues and shape policy implementation."], ["20250118", "A former CEO and a senior vice president of FirstEnergy Corp. have been indicted on federal racketeering charges in connection with a $60 million Ohio bribery scheme. The executives, Chuck Jones and Michael Dowling, are accused of bribing state officials to secure a $1 billion bailout for the company's nuclear plants and seeking to enrich themselves. This indictment follows state charges and a deferred prosecution agreement for FirstEnergy, which previously admitted its role in the scheme."], ["20250117", "ECOLAB INC disclosed $390,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2024, focusing on environmental policies, infrastructure acts, R&D expenses, and supply chain issues. The article also details recent insider trading activity for ECL, showing significant sales by executives and William H III Gates, alongside institutional investor movements with both additions and reductions in holdings."], ["20250117", "The Biden Administration issued an Executive Order on AI Infrastructure on January 14, 2025, aimed at advancing U.S. leadership in AI, preventing reliance on foreign infrastructure, and promoting clean energy for AI operations. The EO directs federal agencies to lease federal land for private-sector construction of \"frontier AI infrastructure,\" including data centers and clean energy facilities, by specified timelines. It also outlines requirements for expedited permitting and upgrades to electricity grid infrastructure to support these AI developments."], ["20250116", "Despite looming trade war threats from incoming President Donald Trump, experts at the J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference believe the new administration will recognize the value of pharmaceutical innovation from China. Pharma executives are increasingly viewing Chinese-developed drugs as novel, best-in-class options, and companies are cautiously engaging in licensing deals. Many American companies are forming around Chinese assets, moving intellectual property and trials stateside, which is seen as a way to appeal to the administration and ensure access to crucial medicines."], ["20250115", "Profepa has temporarily closed Ternium Mexico S.A. de C.V.'s wastewater discharge into the Atoyac river because the company lacked the necessary permits. Ternium, located in San Miguel Xoxtla, Puebla, denies its water is contaminated and states it had been seeking to regularize its situation with Conagua. This action is part of a broader effort to clean up highly contaminated rivers in Mexico."], ["20250115", "The lighting industry is preparing for potential cost increases due to new tariffs proposed by President-elect Donald Trump on goods from China, Mexico, and Canada. These tariffs, which could reach up to 25% for Mexico and Canada and an additional 10% for China, would significantly impact supply chains and pricing. The industry, heavily reliant on Chinese components and Mexican assembly, faces uncertainty as manufacturers and distributors grapple with how to adjust operations and communicate potential price hikes to customers."], ["20250115", "Brian Bingman has been sworn into the Oklahoma Corporation Commission (OCC), taking an oath to regulate Oklahoma\u2019s oil and gas, utility, and transportation industries. Bingman, a former secretary of state and a citizen of the Muscogee Nation, replaces Bob Anthony, who served on the Commission for 36 years. He expressed his readiness to tackle the challenges and move Oklahoma forward in his new role."], ["20250114", "A whistleblower has been awarded over $200,000 as part of a $4 million False Claims Act settlement with Athira Pharma Inc. The company was found to have failed in disclosing research misconduct, including the manipulation of scientific images by its former CEO, to government agencies. This case highlights the crucial role whistleblowers play in protecting taxpayer funds and ensuring ethical scientific conduct in government-funded research programs."], ["20250114", "President-elect Trump's $20 billion data center investment plan, backed by DAMAC Properties, is set to boost U.S. technology infrastructure, particularly benefiting industries like AI and cloud computing. The Global X Data Center & Digital Infrastructure ETF (DTCR) is highlighted as a prime investment opportunity due to its focus on leading data center companies and strategic geographic exposure, positioning it to capitalize on the anticipated growth in digital infrastructure. The article details the ETF's holdings, financial performance, and the broader market trends driving demand for data centers."], ["20250114", "The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has issued a final order requiring H&R Block to implement several changes for the 2025 tax filing season and beyond. The changes address past unfair practices, including making it difficult for consumers to downgrade products or deleting their data, and making deceptive claims about \"free\" filing. H&R Block is also mandated to pay $7 million in compensation to affected consumers."], ["20250113", "Colombia's President Gustavo Petro's aggressive push to transition away from fossil fuels, including blocking new drilling contracts, is leading to an unintended consequence: increased reliance on imported liquefied natural gas (LNG). Critics argue this strategy undermines environmental goals, as importing LNG creates more emissions than domestic production. The country faces looming gas shortages, with demand expected to outstrip local supply, forcing it to source fuel from abroad despite government denials of a crisis."], ["20250112", "Bogot\u00e1 councilman Daniel Brice\u00f1o claims that President Gustavo Petro is evaluating selling the state's stake in Colombia Telecomunicaciones S.A. ESP (Movistar operator), despite Petro's stated opposition to privatizations. The Ministry of Finance has reportedly contracted a firm for 18 billion pesos to advise on the valuation and sale of the 32.5% state shares in Coltel. Brice\u00f1o criticizes this move as a contradiction of Petro's past stance, especially given the ongoing integration request between Tigo and Movistar."], ["20250112", "This article suggests three infrastructure ETFs\u2014Global X U.S. Infrastructure Development ETF (PAVE), iShares U.S. Infrastructure ETF (IFRA), and SPDR S&P Global Infrastructure ETF (GII)\u2014as attractive investment options for retirees. These ETFs are presented as ways to benefit from anticipated infrastructure spending, particularly with the incoming Trump administration's focus on modernizing American infrastructure. The article highlights each ETF's diversification, expense ratio, dividend yield, and suitability for different investor preferences, such as U.S. focus versus global diversification."], ["20250109", "Equipment and software investment is projected to grow by 4.7% in 2025, driven by reduced borrowing costs and new-equipment incentives. While a strong labor market and consumer spending are bolstering the economy, potential policy changes under a new administration, such as tax breaks or shifts in environmental regulations, could significantly impact the industry's growth trajectory and compliance requirements for lenders, especially those operating internationally."], ["20250109", "Dr. Thomas Caulfield, CEO of GlobalFoundries, will participate in Purdue University's Presidential Lecture Series on January 15, 2025. He will discuss the semiconductor industry's dynamic landscape, including AI opportunities and the impact of the CHIPS and Science Act, with Purdue President Mung Chiang. The event, titled \u201cSemiconductors: The Core of the World Economy,\u201d is free and open to the public."], ["20250108", "The first half of 2025 is expected to see significant M&A activity in the North American natural resources sector, particularly driven by oil and gas divestitures from majors, consolidation in the midstream sector, and private equity deals. Industry experts anticipate a wave of asset-level divestitures following the mega-deals of 2024, with activity expanding beyond the Permian Basin and into regions like the Uinta and Mid-Con Basins. Additionally, a more favorable regulatory environment under a potential Trump administration is expected to boost energy M&A."], ["20250107", "The White Plains Housing Authority and Trinity Financial are finalizing financing for Phase 3 of the Brookfield Commons redevelopment, a $139 million project. This phase involves constructing an L-shaped building with 168 affordable housing units. The White Plains Common Council has approved a $2.75 million grant, complementing funds from Westchester County, New York State agencies, and tax credits to address a critical funding gap."], ["20250105", "A report suggesting Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau may announce his resignation has led to a rise in Canadian stocks and the dollar. While Trudeau has not made a final decision, a source indicates his departure is increasingly likely. The news comes as polls show the Liberal Party losing significantly to the Conservatives, with increasing calls for Trudeau to step down."], ["20250103", "The European economy faces significant headwinds in 2025 due to political instability, geopolitical tensions, and the uncertain impact of U.S. tariff policies, leading to an underperforming market. Global fund managers are underweight on European equities, but specific ETFs offer investors exposure. The article highlights several ETFs, including Vanguard FTSE Europe ETF (VGK), iShares MSCI Eurozone ETF (EZU), and SPDR EURO STOXX 50 ETF (FEZ), for investors to consider."], ["20250103", "Sylvia Yeh from Goldman Sachs Asset Management provides an outlook on municipal bonds for 2025 in a new interest rate regime, discussing the impact of potential policy changes from a new administration. She emphasizes the \"higher for longer\" rate environment, the importance of active management in muni portfolios, and the resilience of states' fiscal health. The article highlights opportunities in munis due to elevated tax-equivalent yields and solid credit fundamentals despite expected volatility."], ["20250102", "The article discusses the low likelihood of the Trump administration implementing tariffs on Canadian oil imports, despite campaign rhetoric, primarily because Canada is the largest supplier of heavy crude to the U.S. It explores the potential economic effects of such tariffs, suggesting they would increase domestic oil production and prices without necessarily causing direct inflation. The piece also identifies Suncor Energy as a promising investment opportunity due to its strong financial performance and aggressive cost-reduction strategies, making it attractive for investors amid the prevailing market conditions."], ["20250102", "Rhode Island lawmakers are bracing for a challenging 2025 legislative session due to an estimated $330 million structural budget deficit. This financial strain is leading to fewer legislative asks from advocates and businesses, as key figures like House Speaker K. Joseph Shekarchi prioritize fiscal responsibility. The article also highlights surprising shifts in stance on issues like assault weapons bans from Senate President Dominick Ruggerio, alongside ongoing concerns regarding economic development, healthcare infrastructure, and the Washington Bridge."], ["20250101", "The bond market faces significant challenges in 2025, including nearly $3 trillion of U.S. debt maturing, much of it short-term. This influx comes as the Treasury Department is expected to issue a massive amount of new debt to finance a nearly $2 trillion budget deficit, potentially creating further headwinds for fixed income investors following a difficult 2024. The need to \"scoop and toss\" shorter-term bills into longer durations is a primary concern."], ["20250124", "David Rubenstein, co-founder of Carlyle, believes Donald Trump will \"surprise a lot of people.\" Rubenstein made these comments during a discussion with Barron's Andy Serwer at the World Economic Forum in Davos. The article outlines the dynamic between Rubenstein and Carlyle CEO Harvey Schwartz while covering their market insights."], ["20250122", "Former President Donald Trump signed an executive order on January 20, 2025, to withdraw the U.S. from the World Health Organization (WHO), citing concerns over its handling of the COVID-19 pandemic and financial practices. This action revives his initial attempt during his first term. In response, the WHO expressed regret, highlighting the U.S.'s foundational role since 1948 and their collaborative achievements in global health."], ["20250113", "US oil refiners are facing a challenging year ahead, with investor sentiment turning negative due to forecasts of weaker fuel demand and potential tariffs under President-elect Donald Trump's administration. Following two years of high profits, refining margins are normalizing, new capacity is coming online, and crack spreads for gasoline and diesel have hit lows. Analysts have lowered earning expectations, further compounded by economic slowdowns in the US and China and uncertainty surrounding Trump's trade policies."], ["20250113", "Oshkosh Corp., the manufacturer of the USPS's next-generation delivery vehicles, has stated its readiness to supply gas-powered trucks if the agency reduces its electric vehicle orders under the incoming Trump administration. This potential shift comes despite a $3 billion allocation from the Inflation Reduction Act for the USPS's transition to an electric fleet. A complete reduction of the EV component in the contract could significantly impact Oshkosh's earnings per share in 2026 and 2027."], ["20250110", "The FirstEnergy Foundation has donated $25,000 to \"Fill a Glass with Hope\u00ae,\" a program providing milk to Pennsylvania's food banks, marking its nearly decade-long support totaling $200,000. This initiative addresses milk scarcity for families facing hunger, having supplied over 40 million servings since 2015. The donation is part of collective efforts totaling nearly $182,000 to the program in 2025, aligning with FirstEnergy's broader commitment to community food support."], ["20250107", "The iShares MSCI Canada ETF (EWC) rose following the announcement of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's resignation, citing a need for new leadership. The article also discusses why Canadian ETFs have historically lagged behind U.S. equity ETFs like SPY, attributing it to factors such as sector concentration, innovation, market size, currency effects, venture capital, and global influence."], ["20250107", "During the holiday season, Haitians receiving remittances from abroad have been subjected to widespread racketeering and extortion by agents and security staff at money transfer agencies, particularly in provincial areas. These illegal practices include unauthorized fees, demands for payment to access services, and forced purchases, exacerbated by cash shortages in some agencies. Despite company denials, victims report significant stress and financial loss, highlighting a systemic issue in Haiti's growing money transfer market."], ["20250103", "The skilled nursing sector anticipates a positive 2025 despite ongoing challenges like staffing shortages and rising costs. Key trends include the likely demise of the federal staffing mandate under a new administration, potential changes to other Biden-era policies, and significant shifts in Medicare Advantage and Medicaid reimbursement, possibly leading to cuts. The year will also be pivotal for large operators like PACS Group and Life Care Centers of America, while distress continues to widen the access gap, especially in rural areas, and attention grows on establishing guardrails for AI use in healthcare."]]}