{"topic": "economy_fiscal", "news": [["20260601", "Rigetti Computing has signed a letter of intent for up to US$100 million in CHIPS Act funding, which will grant the U.S. government a minority equity stake. This funding is crucial for Rigetti's capital needs and R&D in superconducting quantum computing, addressing scaling challenges. While this support offers credibility and capital, investors should consider the ongoing insider selling and the company's reliance on government programs and external capital."], ["20260601", "AECOM has been awarded the top position on Defence Construction Canada's (DCC) National Architecture & Engineering (A&E) Source List, a multi-year program valued at up to $270 million. This places AECOM in a prime position to support critical infrastructure projects for the Department of National Defence across Canada. The contract is a three-year agreement with options for two additional one-year periods, focusing on multidisciplinary architecture and engineering services, including strategic planning and various facility designs."], ["20260601", "US critical minerals mining companies believe America's focus on securing domestic supplies of essential minerals will only intensify. This push is driven by geopolitical risks, the need to restock strategic reserves after conflicts, and significant government funding initiatives like the Inflation Reduction Act and Project Vault, even despite recent diplomatic efforts. Companies like Nova Minerals, Locksley Resources, Red Mountain Mining, and American Tungsten & Antimony are actively developing projects to meet this growing demand for critical minerals such as antimony, rare earths, and tungsten."], ["20260601", "S&P has indicated that Poland's current fiscal weakness is a barrier to achieving a higher credit rating. The article, sourced from Reuters, specifically highlights that despite other factors, the nation's financial state prevents an upgrade from the ratings agency. The full details are reserved for members of the MarketScreener platform."], ["20260601", "The Commonwealth of Australia has filed a lawsuit in the Federal Court, seeking over $2 billion in damages from 3M Australia Pty Ltd and 3M Company. This action concerns per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) contamination at 28 defence bases due to the historical use of 3M's aqueous film-forming foam (AFFF). The government alleges that 3M withheld information, misrepresented AFFF impacts, and failed to disclose known environmental risks."], ["20260601", "Petrobras (PBR) is planning a diesel price cut starting May 31, 2026, as part of a government-backed initiative to ease fuel costs for consumers in Brazil. The state-owned oil company will reduce its diesel prices to distributors by 0.3515 reais per liter. This move is intended to stabilize the economy, support consumers and businesses, and addresses public demand for more affordable fuel, with Petrobras' GF Score\u2122 at 71/100 and a P/E ratio of 2.46x suggesting potential undervaluation."]]}