{"topic": "energy_transportation", "news": [["20250801", "This page from Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) provides details for their 2Q 2025 Earnings Call, scheduled for August 1, 2025, at 9:30 AM CDT. It offers links to the earnings release, webcast, audio transcript, presentation materials, 10-Q filing, and a cautionary statement. The page also provides various investor resources and contact information."], ["20250801", "Xcel Energy is preparing for a September trial to determine its liability for the second ignition of the 2021 Marshall Fire, even as the company maintains its equipment did not cause the blaze. CEO Bob Frenzel stated Xcel is \"prepared to go to court\" but remains open to settlement discussions. The Marshall Fire caused over $2 billion in losses, and Xcel is also managing claims for other wildfires, including the 2024 Smokehouse Creek Fire in Texas."], ["20250801", "Argentina will experience new increases in electricity and gas tariffs starting August 1st. The National Electricity Regulatory Entity (ENRE) approved a 2% increase for electricity services in areas covered by EDENOR and EDESUR, along with a 1.64% to 11.15% increase in electricity transportation. Concurrently, the National Gas Regulatory Entity (ENARGAS) approved new tariff schedules for gas transportation and distribution companies, also effective August 1st."], ["20250801", "Ameresco and Republic Services have partnered to launch a new renewable natural gas (RNG) facility in Illinois. This collaboration contributes to the growing production of RNG by leveraging waste materials. The article highlights the ongoing efforts in the biomass and biofuel sectors to develop sustainable energy solutions."], ["20250801", "FirstEnergy Corp's Q2 earnings call showcased strong financial performance with core earnings up, substantial infrastructure investments, and significant growth in data center load and transmission expansion. Despite challenges like capacity auction outcomes and regulatory transitions, the company remains optimistic about future growth and maintaining a robust financial position. Forward guidance indicates FirstEnergy is on track for the upper half of its 2025 earnings guidance range."], ["20250801", "Greek shipowner George Economou has extended his takeover offer for Performance Shipping's shares until February 2026, intensifying his fight for control. This move comes as Economou's stake in the company continues to rise. The offer extension signals a prolonged battle for the Aframax tanker owner."], ["20250801", "Performance Shipping Inc., a Greece-based tanker company, christened its first 114,000 DWT Aframax product tanker, P. Massport, built by Shanghai Waigaoqiao Shipbuilding Co., Ltd. (SWS) on July 31. The vessel, officially delivered on July 29, symbolizes Performance Shipping\u2019s commitment to operational excellence, sustainability, and innovation, meeting stringent IMO environmental regulations. The company anticipates a deepened partnership with SWS as three more vessels are under construction."], ["20250801", "Pembina Pipeline Corporation has signed a long-term tolling agreement with AltaGas, securing 30,000 barrels per day of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) export capacity at AltaGas\u2019 Ridley Island facilities. This new agreement, combined with Pembina's existing capacity, will give the company 50,000 bpd of West Coast export capacity, enhancing its market diversification and access to Asian markets. The capacity will be phased in, with 20,000 bpd starting in April 2026 and an additional 10,000 bpd from April 2027."], ["20250801", "Pembina Pipeline Corporation has announced a new long-term agreement with AltaGas Ltd. for 30,000 bpd of LPG export capacity. This agreement, securing 20,000 bpd starting April 2026 and an additional 10,000 bpd by April 2027, enhances Pembina's end-market diversification and global access to premium markets like Asia. Combined with existing capacity, Pembina will have 50,000 bpd of West Coast access for propane."], ["20250801", "The Farmington solar project, spearheaded by NextEra Energy Resources, has significantly benefited Maine families and communities, revitalizing the local economy and enhancing public services. Bradley Greenleaf, a local senior field technician, highlights the project's positive impact, including substantial landowner payments and increased property taxes that bolstered the town's budget and infrastructure. His personal involvement further underscores the community-centric approach, fostering trust and engagement among residents."], ["20250801", "Five Point Infrastructure LLC announced it has agreed to sell Northwind Delaware Holdings LLC to MPLX LP for $2.375 billion in cash. Northwind, founded by Five Point in 2022, provides sour gas gathering, treating, and processing services in New Mexico's Lea County, addressing critical infrastructure needs in the Northern Delaware Basin. The transaction is expected to close in Q3 2025, pending customary closing conditions."], ["20250801", "MPLX LP has acquired Northwind Delaware Holdings LLC (Northwind Midstream) for US$2.375 billion, expanding its sour gas gathering, treating, and processing services in Lea County, New Mexico. The acquisition includes significant pipeline infrastructure, compressor stations, and dedicated acreage, which will enhance MPLX's access to natural gas and NGL volumes. This strategic move is expected to accelerate MPLX's growth opportunities in the Permian Basin by integrating these assets into its existing Delaware basin natural gas system."], ["20250801", "Joby Aviation and L3Harris Technologies are partnering to develop a new class of gas turbine hybrid vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) aircraft for defense applications. This aircraft will be optionally piloted, allowing for both crewed and fully autonomous operations, and is designed for low-altitude missions. Flight testing is anticipated to commence in the fall of 2025, with operational demonstrations slated for 2026."], ["20250801", "Georgia Power is proposing an unprecedented 10,000-megawatt expansion of its generation fleet over approximately five years, largely to serve the growing needs of data centers. The plan involves a significant investment of roughly $15 billion, primarily in new gas-fired units, along with battery storage and some solar additions. While the utility suggests this could lead to lower residential rates due to increased sales to data centers, environmental and consumer advocates express concerns about the reliance on fossil fuels, potential rate instability for existing customers, and a lack of transparency in the plan's cost and ownership structure."], ["20250801", "Fortis Inc. announced its third-quarter dividends for 2025, including $0.615 per share for common shares, payable September 1, 2025, to shareholders of record by August 19, 2025. These dividends are eligible for tax credits. An analyst from TipRanks has a \"Hold\" rating on Fortis stock with a price target of C$63.00, while TipRanks' AI Analyst \"Spark\" rates FTS as \"Outperform\" due to strong financials, strategic investments, and dividend growth commitment."], ["20250801", "eBay has launched \"Secure Purchase,\" a new checkout solution designed to simplify online vehicle transactions. This service streamlines payment, financing, registration, ownership transfer, and transport, aiming to make buying and selling cars, trucks, and motorcycles more convenient and secure. The platform addresses concerns about complexity, especially for cross-state transactions, by verifying identities, automating paperwork, and digitizing fund transfers."], ["20250801", "Chevron Corp. has negotiated new terms with Petroleos de Venezuela, agreeing to hand over a percentage of its oil production to the Venezuelan government following the renewal of its U.S. license to operate in the country. This arrangement allows the Maduro regime to gain revenue through oil rather than cash royalties or taxes. The deal is expected to help sustain and potentially increase Venezuela's oil production, with the U.S. government affirming that the Maduro regime will not profit directly from the sale of this oil."], ["20250801", "CNX Resources Corporation (NYSE:CNX) reported disappointing earnings last week, with a sluggish profit figure. Further investigation suggests that significant positive unusual items during the past year may have distorted the company's statutory profit, potentially giving investors an overly optimistic view of its underlying earnings power. Coupled with a decline in EPS over the last twelve months, these factors indicate that the reported profits might not accurately reflect long-term profitability."], ["20250801", "BorgWarner has secured two strategic contracts with a global OEM to supply turbochargers for next-generation vehicles in Europe and North America. The company will produce gasoline turbochargers with wastegate systems for 1.0-liter engines in Europe starting in August 2027, and turbochargers for 3.0-liter gasoline engine hybrid applications in North America, with production beginning in September 2028 at its Ramos Arizpe, Coahuila plant. This expansion highlights BorgWarner's commitment to supporting combustion engine technologies and strengthens Coahuila's role as an automotive technology hub."], ["20250801", "REAlloys Inc., a critical mineral company, has announced the appointment of Brad Wall, former Premier of Saskatchewan, to its Corporate Board of Directors. Wall's extensive experience in public service and economic development will support REAlloys' goal of building a vertically integrated rare earth supply chain independent from China, benefiting Saskatchewan, Canada, and North American national defense interests. REAlloys operates a magnet manufacturing facility in Ohio and owns the Hoidas Lake Rare Earth Elements Project in Saskatchewan."], ["20250801", "Aurora Innovation Inc. has expanded its driverless commercial operations to include nighttime driving on the Dallas-to-Houston lane, significantly increasing truck utilization and shortening delivery times. The company also opened a new terminal in Phoenix and surpassed 20,000 driverless miles. This expansion aims to enhance efficiency, uptime, and reliability for customers, demonstrating rapid progress in autonomous trucking technology."], ["20250801", "American Electric Power (AEP) anticipates adding 24 GW of new load by 2030, a 15% increase from previous estimates, with 18 GW primarily driven by data centers. More than half of this projected load is expected in Texas, including 5 GW from cryptocurrency operations. To accommodate this growth, AEP plans to increase its five-year capital spending plan by 30% to approximately $70 billion."], ["20250801", "Imperial Oil reported a lower second-quarter profit due to weaker crude prices and reduced refinery throughput, with net income falling to C$949 million. The company announced the start of renewable diesel production from its new Strathcona plant, Canada's largest, though the speed of its ramp-up is uncertain due to hydrogen supply concerns. Despite a profit drop, Imperial Oil's upstream production increased."], ["20250801", "Li Auto reported a significant decline in July deliveries, with 30,731 vehicles delivered, marking a nearly 40% year-on-year decrease and a 15.29% month-on-month drop. This is the second consecutive month of year-on-year decline, bringing year-to-date deliveries below the previous year's figures. The company recently launched its first all-electric SUV, the Li i8, which will face strong competition from rivals like Nio's Onvo L90."], ["20250801", "AES Corporation reported a net loss in the second quarter despite an increase in earnings driven by its renewables projects. The company's financial performance highlights the challenges and opportunities within the renewable energy sector, as it navigates towards sustainable growth. Further details on specific figures and financial impacts would require access to the full article content."], ["20250801", "Shell Midstream Operating LLC, a subsidiary of Shell plc, has finalized the sale of its 16.125% stake in Colonial Enterprises Inc. to Colossus AcquireCo LLC, a Brookfield Infrastructure Partners subsidiary. This divestment, valued at US$1.45 billion for Shell's share, aligns with Shell's strategy to focus on performance and core competencies. The co-owners of Colonial Enterprises Inc. have collectively sold 100% of their shares to Brookfield."], ["20250801", "NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NASDAQ: NNE) has been selected for inclusion in the Solactive Global Uranium & Nuclear Components Total Return Index, effective August 1, 2025. This inclusion qualifies NANO Nuclear for the Global X Uranium ETF (URA), which has over $4 billion in net assets and tracks companies involved in uranium mining and nuclear component production. Company executives view this as a significant milestone, increasing their visibility in the public markets and highlighting their growing role in the global nuclear energy industry."], ["20250801", "Shell has completed the sale of its 16.125% stake in Colonial Enterprises, Inc. to Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. for $1.45 billion, including non-recourse debt. This divestment aligns with Shell's strategy to streamline operations and focus on core businesses. Brookfield, through its subsidiary Colossus AcquireCo LLC, now owns 100% of Colonial Enterprises, which operates the crucial Colonial Pipeline Company."], ["20250801", "This article provides the current holdings list for the Direxion Daily Uranium Industry Bull 2X ETF (URAA) as of March 17, 2026. The ETF's top holdings include Global X Uranium ETF, U.S. Dollar, VanEck Uranium and Nuclear ETF, and Sprott Uranium Miners ETF, along with a mutual fund. The list shows the weight, shares, and market value for each holding."], ["20250801", "Kayne Anderson Energy Infrastructure Fund, Inc. (NYSE: KYN) announced a monthly distribution of $0.08 per share for August 2025, payable on August 29, 2025. This distribution is subject to Board approval and compliance with debt covenants, with an estimated 30% return of capital. KYN aims to provide high after-tax returns by investing in energy infrastructure, though distribution amounts are not guaranteed and can fluctuate."], ["20250801", "Exxon Mobil Corp reported adjusted earnings of $1.64 per share for the quarter ended June 30, beating analyst expectations of $1.54 per share, despite being lower than the previous year. Revenue for the quarter fell 12.4% to $81.51 billion, though it still surpassed analyst estimates. Analysts currently rate Exxon Mobil as a \"buy\" with a median 12-month price target of $124.50."], ["20250801", "NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. has been chosen for the Solactive Global Uranium & Nuclear Components Total Return Index, effective August 1, 2025. This inclusion allows the company's stock to be eligible for the Global X Uranium ETF, which boasts over $4 billion in net assets. The move is expected to boost NANO Nuclear's visibility and attract more investors interested in the growing nuclear energy sector."], ["20250801", "PyroGenesis Inc. has secured a contract with a European additive manufacturing company for its Ti64 \"coarse\" cut titanium metal powder, produced by its NexGen\u2122 plasma atomization process. This marks the first commercial order with this customer, following successful testing of PyroGenesis's metal powder. The powder for this order has already been produced and is slated for shipment in the coming weeks."], ["20250801", "Comstock Resources (CRK) is considered a long-term investment due to its strategic location near upcoming LNG projects and its position in the Haynesville swing basin, which is expected to benefit from recovering natural gas prices. The company's cash flow appears stronger when analyzed using GAAP figures. The potential for North American natural gas prices to align with higher global prices could make Comstock Resources a significant long-term winner, despite some recent financial concerns."], ["20250801", "Stellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA) announced disappointing Q2 2025 results, with EPS of $0.2116 falling short of estimates and net sales down 13% to $84.41 billion due to headwinds and a 7% decline in shipments. Despite the Q2 performance, the company anticipates growth in H2 2025 with a strong product pipeline, including ten new vehicle launches and increased sales of electric and hybrid vehicles. Stellantis aims for improved sales, AOI margin, and industrial free cash flow in the latter half of the year."], ["20250801", "Exxon Mobil and Chevron reported record-high oil production levels and increased free cash flow, leading to rising stock prices for both companies. Chevron specifically highlighted record worldwide and U.S. net oil-equivalent production, with significant jumps in output from Tengizchevroil, Gulf of America, and the Permian Basin. These strong financial results and production figures exceeded expectations, further boosting investor confidence."], ["20250801", "Canadian auto parts supplier Magna International raised its annual sales forecast and exceeded second-quarter earnings estimates, driven by effective cost-cutting measures. The company's proactive steps, including restructuring and reduced capital spending, helped it navigate challenges such as tariffs, leading to a stronger financial outlook. Peers Aptiv and BorgWarner also recorded optimistic forecasts, signaling a resilient auto parts demand."], ["20250801", "ExxonMobil exceeded Q2 profit estimates due to record production from the Permian Basin and strong refining margins, despite a decrease in net income from lower commodity prices. The company reported adjusted earnings of $1.64 per share and revenue of $81.51 billion, highlighting its strong cost structure and advantaged portfolio. ExxonMobil also progressed on major projects and achieved significant structural cost savings."], ["20250801", "Performance Shipping, a Greek tanker owner, has taken delivery of its first LNG-ready LR2 Aframax newbuild, the P. Massport, from Shanghai Waigaoqiao Shipbuilding. This vessel is the first of three such tankers, all secured with five-year charter contracts with Clearlake Shipping. The delivery marks the beginning of a strategic fleet expansion and renewal plan for Performance Shipping, which includes two more LR2 Aframaxes and an LR1 tanker by early 2027."], ["20250801", "Canadian oil producer Imperial Oil reported a fall in its second-quarter profit due to lower crude prices and reduced refinery throughput. The company's net income decreased to C$949 million from C$1.13 billion a year earlier, despite an increase in upstream production. Imperial Oil also announced the start-up of a renewable diesel facility and noted uncertainties related to tariff-related actions."], ["20250801", "Sempra Infrastructure and JERA Co., Inc. have announced a 20-year sale and purchase agreement (SPA) for the supply of 1.5 million tpy of LNG from the Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 development project. This agreement solidifies a non-binding heads of agreement signed in June 2025 and aims to ensure long-term energy security and support a lower carbon future through stable LNG supply to Japan and the broader Asian market."], ["20250801", "CVR Energy, Inc. reported a Q2 2025 consolidated net loss of $90 million and an EBITDA loss of $24 million, impacted by RIN obligations and reduced throughputs. Despite challenges in refining and renewable segments, the fertilizer segment showed strong performance. The company is focused on deleveraging and exploring future dividend reinstatements while CEO Dave Lamp announced his retirement."], ["20250801", "Joby Aviation and L3Harris Technologies announced a collaboration to develop a new class of gas turbine hybrid vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) aircraft for defense applications. These aircraft will be optionally piloted, allowing for both crewed and fully autonomous operations for low-altitude missions. Flight testing is anticipated to begin in fall 2025, with operational demonstrations expected in 2026."], ["20250801", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for North European Oil Royalty Trust (NRT) SEC filings, including 10-K annual reports, 10-Q quarterly reports, and 8-K material event reports. It highlights how these documents detail the trust's royalty income, distributions, and governance related to its oil, gas, and sulfur production rights in Germany. The platform offers AI-powered summaries to help investors quickly access key information from these regulatory documents."], ["20250801", "Exxon Mobil and Chevron reported strong second-quarter results, with profit and free cash flow exceeding expectations. Both oil giants achieved historic production levels, driving an increase in their stock prices and indicating continued financial success for the companies."], ["20250801", "TransAlta Corporation, with over a century of experience, is adapting to the evolving power sector by targeting AI-driven power demand while maintaining grid reliability. The company has significantly reduced emissions and is investing in future grid technologies like pumped hydro storage. TransAlta's strategy includes leveraging existing assets for \"speed to power,\" strategic M&A in the Western U.S., and navigating challenges such as supply chain constraints and regulatory shifts."], ["20250801", "Baytex Energy Corp. announced a quarterly cash dividend of CDN$0.0225 per share, payable on October 1, 2025, to shareholders of record as of September 15, 2025. The Calgary-based energy company, listed on the TSX and NYSE under the symbol BTE, recently extended its revolving credit facilities and filed its Q1 2025 financial results. BMO Capital Markets adjusted its price target for Baytex due to concerns over capital expenditure guidance, despite acknowledging the company's strong performance in Canadian heavy oil regions."], ["20250801", "Ford achieved record revenue, but this was overshadowed by increased losses from its Model e EV business, rising 16 percent. Despite the increased losses, the company reported that Model e's revenue more than doubled and material costs for the F-150 Lightning and Mustang Mach-E improved. The financial performance was negatively impacted by recall and tariff costs."], ["20250801", "Fortis Inc. reported strong Q2 2025 financial results with net earnings of $384 million, a 16% increase year-over-year, driven by rate base growth and strategic investments. The company secured a significant agreement to provide 300 MW to a new data center, with potential expansion, and is on track with its $5.2 billion annual capital plan, projecting substantial rate base and dividend growth through 2029. Fortis also achieved its first-time BBB+ rating from Fitch, underscoring its financial stability."], ["20250801", "Fluor Corporation announced that its joint venture with JGC Corporation has been awarded the contract to update the Front End Engineering and Design (FEED) for a proposed Phase 2 expansion of the LNG Canada facility in Kitimat, British Columbia. This award follows the successful commissioning of Phase 1, where the JV played a critical role in engineering, procurement, and construction. A potential Phase 2 expansion aims to increase the facility's processing, storage, and shipping capabilities, positioning Canada as a major supplier of low-carbon natural gas to global markets."], ["20250801", "Gevo produces Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) through an Alcohol-to-Jet (ATJ) pathway, converting plant-based sugars from regeneratively grown corn into jet fuel. Their SAF meets ASTM D1655/7566 specifications, offering superior performance characteristics compared to conventional jet fuel and achieving up to a 70-90% reduction in lifecycle greenhouse gas emissions. The company integrates regenerative agriculture, renewable energy, and carbon capture to enhance the sustainability and cost-competitiveness of its fuel."], ["20250801", "A joint venture between Fluor Corporation and JGC Holdings Corporation has secured the front-end engineering and design (FEED) contract for the proposed Phase 2 expansion of the LNG Canada facility in Kitimat, British Columbia. This award follows their successful work on Phase 1 of the project, highlighting their continued partnership with LNG Canada. While the expansion would increase the plant's capacity and processing capabilities, a final investment decision has not yet been made by the five joint venture participants."], ["20250801", "NIO's sub-brand ONVO has launched its L90 family-oriented premium SUV, available in six- and seven-seat configurations. The L90 starts at 265,800 yuan, or 179,800 yuan with the BaaS model, aiming to provide a spacious and intelligent electric SUV solution. It features impressive range, ultra-fast charging, and supports battery swapping through NIO's extensive network."], ["20250801", "Ardmore Shipping (NYSE:ASC) announced its second-quarter 2025 results, reporting revenue of US$72.0m, a 41% decrease year-over-year, and net income of US$8.96m, an 86% decrease. Despite the declines, both revenue and earnings per share (US$0.22) beat analyst expectations by 1.9% and 20% respectively. The company's shares rose 5.6% following the announcement, and an analysis suggests Ardmore Shipping may be undervalued."], ["20250801", "Sempra Infrastructure and JERA have signed a 20-year Sale and Purchase Agreement for 1.5 million tonnes per annum of LNG from the Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 project in Texas. This agreement aims to provide a stable, long-term supply of U.S. natural gas to Japan and other Asian markets. The Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 expansion, which has already secured key regulatory permits, will double the facility's total liquefaction capacity to 26 Mtpa."], ["20250801", "ExxonMobil's second-quarter earnings surpassed market expectations despite lower oil prices and refining margins, driven by strong volume growth, structural cost reductions, and contributions from new projects. The company's production of 4.6 million barrels of oil equivalent per day marked a 1.7% increase from the first quarter, representing its highest second-quarter performance in 25 years. Morningstar maintains its narrow moat rating and $135 fair value estimate for ExxonMobil, noting that the shares currently trade at a nearly 20% discount, as the market may not be fully recognizing the company's achievable 2030 targets."], ["20250801", "Alaska Air Group announced its Honolulu leadership team, led by Jim Landers, who will oversee the combined operations of Hawaiian Airlines and Alaska Airlines in Hawai\u2018i once a single operating certificate is received. This team will manage the integration efforts, including a combined loyalty program and passenger service system, following the acquisition of Hawaiian Airlines by Alaska Airlines completed last September. The leadership aims to ensure safe and reliable operations while supporting employees and guests in Hawai\u2018i."], ["20250801", "PPL's joint venture with Blackstone has acquired land for power plants dedicated to serving Big Tech data centers, responding to the surging electricity demand driven by AI. The project is actively engaging with potential customers, gas pipeline companies, and turbine manufacturers. PPL is also extending the life of coal-fired power generation in Kentucky and advocating for state legislation in Pennsylvania to allow utilities to own power generation."], ["20250801", "A federal judge in Texas has largely denied requests by BlackRock, State Street, and Vanguard to dismiss an antitrust lawsuit. Republican state attorneys general allege the asset managers colluded to pressure coal companies to reduce output. The ruling allows most claims to proceed, highlighting threats to how these firms oversee trillions of dollars."], ["20250801", "Honda Turkiye A.S. announced its decision to establish a new motorcycle factory in Aliaga, \u0130zmir, to meet the surging demand in the Turkish motorcycle market. The factory, with an initial annual capacity of 100,000 motorcycles and an investment of approximately 20 million USD, is expected to begin production in mid-2026 and create around 300 employment opportunities. This move aims to strengthen local production and contribute to the development of Turkey's motorcycle industry."], ["20250801", "SLB (NYSE: SLB) has acquired Stimline Digital AS, a company specializing in cloud-based software for well intervention, to enhance its digital offerings for the energy sector. The acquisition includes Stimline Digital's IDEX\u2122 platform, which optimizes the planning and execution of well intervention operations through AI-powered digital workflows. This integration with SLB's data environment will improve consistency, efficiency, and performance for well interventions, addressing the growing need for innovative digital technologies in mature oil fields and expanding into procedural adherence solutions for drilling and completions."], ["20250801", "Coterra Energy Inc. has agreed to pay a $299,000 fine and restore or replace 13 private water supplies contaminated by shale gas drilling in Lenox Township, Susquehanna County. This agreement follows a consent order with the state Department of Environmental Protection, prompted by multiple water contamination complaints and identified high levels of methane. The company will also continue quarterly water monitoring in the affected areas."], ["20250801", "Exxon Mobil Corp. CEO Darren Woods stated that the company is actively looking for opportunities to acquire smaller rivals, a year after its $60 billion purchase of Pioneer Natural Resources Co. Woods emphasized that acquisitions would focus on creating value through combining assets and expertise, rather than just increasing size, aiming for a \"one plus one equaling more than three\" outcome for shareholders. He clarified that any deal must drive more value for combined shareholders than either company could achieve alone and would not involve significant layoffs."], ["20250801", "Joby Aviation and L3Harris Technologies are partnering to explore defense applications for a new class of autonomous hybrid vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) aircraft. This collaboration leverages Joby's commercial aircraft development and manufacturing with L3Harris' expertise in platform missionization, aiming for flight testing in late 2025 and operational demonstrations in 2026. The optionally piloted aircraft is designed for low-altitude missions and can operate in both crewed and fully autonomous modes."], ["20250731", "Jim Cramer has highlighted EQT Corporation (NYSE: EQT) as a strong natural gas producer, noting that his positive view of the stock precedes any benefits from a new US-EU deal. Cramer described the deal as merely a \"bonus,\" emphasizing EQT's position as a vertically integrated natural gas company with significant long-term performance. He particularly likes EQT as a pure play in natural gas production, despite a recent dip in natural gas prices."], ["20250731", "Jim Cramer highlighted Coterra Energy Inc. (NYSE: CTRA) as a potential winner from the US-EU deal, despite its oil business not performing well. He noted Coterra is \"out of favor\" but liked it for its optionality, as it can emphasize either crude oil or natural gas production based on market conditions, especially with the potential for sustainably higher natural gas prices. The stock also offers a 3.7% dividend yield."], ["20250731", "Ballard Power Systems announced a strategic realignment led by new CEO Marty Neese, aiming for disciplined growth and stronger financial performance. The plan focuses on achieving positive cash flow by year-end 2027 through cost discipline, market prioritization, and operational efficiency, including a 30% reduction in annualized operating costs by 2026. This repositioning emphasizes commercially validated execution and targeted product development to reduce system costs and drive higher-margin offerings."], ["20250731", "This article provides an in-depth analysis of the Invesco Water Resources ETF (PHO), detailing its investment strategy, holdings, and financial performance. It covers key metrics such as AUM, dividend yield, expense ratio, and identifies its top holdings and geographic exposure. The ETF focuses on US companies involved in water conservation and purification, with a passive management style tracking the NASDAQ OMX US Water index."], ["20250731", "Pennsylvanians will see an increase of nearly $10 on their natural gas bills over the next three months, starting August 1. National Fuel Gas Distribution Corporation announced an annual adjustment to gas supply charges, raising the average monthly bill by about 12% due to higher market prices for natural gas. The increase takes the average bill from $78.21 to $87.78."], ["20250731", "XPO announced its financial results for the second quarter of 2025, reporting diluted earnings per share of $0.89 and adjusted diluted EPS of $1.05, exceeding expectations. The company highlighted strong performance in its North American LTL business with an adjusted operating ratio of 82.9%, despite a soft freight environment. XPO emphasized its consistent outperformance of the industry and its strategy for long-term margin expansion and earnings growth."], ["20250731", "This article compares two prominent midstream energy companies, Energy Transfer (ET) and The Williams Companies (WMB), to determine which offers more value based on fundamental factors. It analyzes their earnings growth projections, valuation, return on equity, debt-to-capital ratios, and recent price performance. The analysis concludes that Energy Transfer currently holds an edge over Williams Companies due to higher expected earnings growth, lower debt, cheaper valuation, and better price performance."], ["20250731", "Werner Enterprises saw a significant boost in its Q2 earnings due to high resale values of used equipment, achieving $5.9 million in gains compared to $2.7 million a year ago. This surge was attributed to factors like U.S. trade policy and a general increase in used truck and trailer values, marking the first year-over-year rise in over two and a half years for Class 8 retail prices. Additionally, a Texas Supreme Court decision reversed a $90 million jury award, further benefiting Werner's GAAP operating income."], ["20250731", "Trinity Industries' President and CEO, Jean Savage, reported \"robust performance\" for the second quarter of 2025, driven by its leasing business and strong cash flow generation. Despite a significant drop in total company revenue due to lower external deliveries in the Rail Products Group, the Railcar Leasing and Services Group saw increased revenue from higher lease rates. The company maintains its full-year EPS guidance, expecting improved deliveries and business performance in the second half of the year."], ["20250731", "XCF Global has signed an indication of intent to acquire a West Coast renewable fuel business. This news comes amidst other developments in the biofuels industry, including EPA's latest RINs generation data, new SRE petitions, Iowa's biodiesel production credit discussions, Bayer's launch of a low-carbon seed brand, and a SAF delivery agreement between Montana Renewables and World Energy."], ["20250731", "Rayonier Advanced Materials (RYAM) and GranBio LLC have signed a Memorandum of Understanding to explore developing a small-scale commercial cellulosic Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) facility at RYAM's Jesup, Georgia site. GranBio will lead the project, utilizing its AVAP\u00ae technology to convert lignocellulosic biomass into second-generation ethanol for SAF production, leveraging RYAM's existing infrastructure. This collaboration aims to maximize value from RYAM's assets, diversify into high-growth biofuel markets, and advance sustainable energy solutions."], ["20250731", "Ferrari N.V. announced strong, unaudited preliminary results for Q2 2025, with net revenues up 4.4% to Euro 1,787 million and diluted earnings per share reaching Euro 2.38. The company's CEO, Benedetto Vigna, highlighted the importance of agility and the strong demand for new models like the 296 Speciale family and the newly launched Ferrari Amalfi. Ferrari also expressed stronger confidence in its full-year guidance for 2025, driven by a positive product and country mix, improved racing contributions, and expanding lifestyle activities."], ["20250731", "Energy Vault's Calistoga Resiliency Center (CRC), touted as the world's largest clean microgrid, has received approval from the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) to participate in CAISO energy markets. This approval, combined with a Large Generator Interconnection Agreement, enables the CRC to generate revenue in California's wholesale electricity market by offering grid services, in addition to its primary role of providing backup power to Calistoga. The facility integrates hydrogen fuel cells and lithium-ion batteries, supported by Energy Vault's H-VAULT\u2122 and AI-powered Vault-Bidder\u2122 technologies, setting a precedent for scalable, resilient, and economically optimized clean energy infrastructure."], ["20250731", "Constellation Energy Corporation (CEG) saw its share price surge by 6.66% after receiving approval from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for its $16.4 billion acquisition of Calpine Corporation. This deal is expected to contribute $2 billion annually to CEG's free cash flow and will create the largest 'low emission' power generation company in the US. The company is now near its all-time high after this significant regulatory milestone."], ["20250731", "The Sierra Club has critically evaluated Georgia Power's 2025 Integrated Resource Plan (IRP), giving it failing grades across most categories. The plan, which outlines Georgia Power's strategy for meeting electricity demand over the next two decades, proposes expanding fossil fuel use, extending the life of coal plants, and building new gas turbines, largely to meet demand from new data centers. The Sierra Club argues that the plan moves Georgia backward on climate action, increases pollution, places a higher energy burden on residents, and largely neglects clean, renewable energy sources like solar."], ["20250731", "US energy developer Fermi America and South Korea's Hyundai Engineering & Construction have signed a memorandum of understanding to collaborate on the nuclear component of a vast, private energy grid in Amarillo, Texas. This project aims to power a next-generation AI complex and will include four Westinghouse AP1000 reactors, with the first expected to be operational by 2032. The partnership will involve joint planning, design, and execution, leveraging Hyundai E&C's experience in nuclear plant construction."], ["20250731", "Ford reported a net loss of $36 million in Q2 2025, largely due to tariff costs and the cancellation of a BEV program, despite strong sales. The automaker projects a $3 billion loss from tariffs this year and has lowered its annual profit outlook. Amid these challenges, Ford is teasing a \"Model T moment\" in mid-August, hinting at a significant advancement in low-cost BEV manufacturing."], ["20250731", "Edison International (EIX) is launching a Wildfire Recovery Compensation Program for victims of the Eaton Fire in fall 2025, offering expedited compensation for damages. This initiative is part of their broader efforts in wildfire mitigation and grid modernization in alignment with California's clean energy goals. The company is also investing in infrastructure upgrades and supporting related legislation, receiving a positive \"Buy\" rating from UBS."], ["20250731", "Blackmer, a Dover company, has opened a new Military West Coast Repair Center in San Diego, California, complementing its existing East Coast center. This expansion creates a comprehensive bi-coastal network to provide faster and more localized support to the U.S. military and marine customers. The new facility offers certified OEM rebuilds, stocked parts, operational testing, local fleet training, and reduced lead times of 4-6 weeks for repairs."], ["20250731", "Canadian Pacific Kansas City's second-quarter earnings showed a 3% year-over-year top-line increase driven by higher volumes and positive pricing, with profitability also improving. The company maintained its 2025 guidance for 10%-14% adjusted EPS growth, despite macroeconomic uncertainties, primarily due to strong performance leveraging merger synergies and single-linehaul service offerings. Morningstar anticipates no material change to its fair value estimate for Canadian Pacific, considering its shares to be fairly valued."], ["20250731", "This article identifies the most fuel-efficient cars for the 2025 model year across gas-only, hybrid, and plug-in hybrid (PHEV) categories, based on EPA ratings. It highlights that small cars typically remain the most efficient due to lighter weight and better aerodynamics, while electric vehicles generally surpass all other powertrains in efficiency. The article provides detailed lists and descriptions of top contenders in each category, emphasizing the increasing availability of fuel-efficient options for consumers looking to offset high new-car prices and reduce ownership costs."], ["20250731", "Bollinger Innovations (NASDAQ: BINI) will enact a 1-for-250 reverse stock split on August 4, 2025, to meet Nasdaq's minimum bid price requirement. This action, approved by stockholders, will reduce the number of outstanding shares from approximately 423.5 million to about 1.7 million. The electric vehicle manufacturer, formerly Mullen Automotive Inc., will continue trading under its current Nasdaq symbol."], ["20250731", "Nevada Gold Mines (NGM), a joint venture between Barrick and Newmont, has partnered with Komatsu to implement its FrontRunner Autonomous Haulage System (AHS) across NGM's surface operations, automating a fleet of 300 and 230-tonne haul trucks. This marks the first such deployment for both companies in the U.S., aiming to enhance safety by reducing onboard operators and improve operational efficiency through more predictable fleet performance and better fuel consumption. The system will be supported by a customized 5G communications infrastructure deployed by Sedna and Nokia, ensuring high-speed, low-latency connectivity for real-time data exchange and remote operation."], ["20250731", "Aurora Innovation has expanded its fully driverless freight operations to include nighttime hours on the Dallas-Houston corridor and opened a new terminal in Phoenix to support long-haul routes. Concurrently, Aeva and Bendix Commercial Vehicle Systems announced a partnership to integrate Aeva\u2019s 4D LiDAR into Bendix\u2019s collision mitigation platform, aiming to enhance active safety systems in heavy-duty trucks. These developments represent significant advancements in the commercial autonomous vehicle industry, focusing on scalability for Aurora and improved safety technology for other heavy vehicles through the Aeva-Bendix collaboration."], ["20250731", "ATI Inc. announced an extension and expansion of its long-term titanium products agreement with The Boeing Company. This agreement solidifies ATI's role as a leading supplier of high-performance titanium materials for aerospace, supporting Boeing's commercial airplane programs, including both narrowbody and widebody aircraft. The expanded agreement also allows ATI to serve Boeing's third-party subsidiaries and emphasizes ATI's strategic investments in capacity expansion and advanced titanium alloy sheet capabilities."], ["20250731", "Albemarle's Q2 results showed profits down due to lower lithium prices, though this was partially offset by reduced production costs. Despite the share price dip, Morningstar maintains a bullish long-term outlook on lithium and a $200 fair value estimate for Albemarle, viewing the stock as materially undervalued, especially after the company accelerated its plan to achieve positive free cash flow in 2025."], ["20250731", "Hub Group, Inc. reported second-quarter 2025 financial results with a diluted EPS of $0.42 and revenue of $905.6 million, an 8% decrease year-over-year. Despite a decline in net income and revenue, the company highlighted its continued profitability, return of $29 million to shareholders, and strong balance sheet. Hub Group anticipates full-year 2025 revenue between $3.6 billion and $3.8 billion, with EPS ranging from $1.80 to $2.05, citing strategic cost-saving initiatives and potential benefits from the proposed Union Pacific and Norfolk Southern merger as future growth drivers."], ["20250731", "This article provides an in-depth analysis of the First Trust NASDAQ Clean Edge Smart Grid Infrastructure Index Fund (GRID) ETF. It covers key statistics like assets under management, dividend yield, and expense ratio, along with its investment strategy focusing on global equities in the smart grid and electrical energy infrastructure sector. The analysis also details the fund's asset allocation by sector and region, its top holdings, and answers frequently asked questions about its dividends and underlying index."], ["20250731", "PG&E announced a pipeline of 10 gigawatts in new data center demand, which is projected to bring significant benefits to California including lower customer electric bills, substantial job creation, and increased tax revenues. This growth is facilitated by the CPUC's approval of an interim rule for accelerating grid connections for large loads, allowing customers to fund infrastructure upfront. The company anticipates these new connections will improve grid utilization and provide economic advantages across its service area."], ["20250731", "Insurers representing three dozen homeowners in Plum's Rustic Ridge development have filed two lawsuits following a fatal 2023 house explosion. The lawsuits name Penneco Oil Co., Peoples Natural Gas, A.O. Smith Corp., and Grasinger Homes as defendants, alleging negligence, recklessness, and strict liability for property damage. This action follows previous complaints filed by the families of the six victims, with allegations centering on a natural gas leak that filled and ignited in the Oravitz basement."], ["20250731", "Ch Robinson Worldwide Inc. (CHRW) reached a new 52-week high of $114.82, marking a 12.41% increase over the past year. The company, with a $13.6 billion market capitalization, boasts a 2.54% dividend yield and has consistently raised dividends for 28 years. Recent Q2 2025 earnings surpassed EPS expectations, leading to analyst upgrades from Baird and BMO Capital."], ["20250731", "National Grid has launched an \u00a38 billion Electricity Transmission Partnership (ETP) to accelerate the delivery of vital substation infrastructure across England and Wales, supporting the UK's clean energy transition. This new approach involves long-term collaborative agreements with regional delivery partners, providing them with certainty to invest in capacity and skills for approximately 130 projects. The initiative is a key part of National Grid's \u00a335 billion RIIO-T3 investment plan, aiming to strengthen the UK supply chain and bolster the grid for a clean energy future."], ["20250731", "Comstock Resources Inc. (CRK) stock has seen a significant -12.31% drop due to market uncertainty and fluctuating energy prices, coupled with rising production costs. Despite current profitability challenges, the company's high gross margin and potential for adaptation to green energy regulations could present future opportunities for investors. Traders are advised to consider a comprehensive trading setup and risk management before investing in CRK, which is at a critical juncture balancing economic headwinds with strategic foresight."], ["20250731", "Ramaco Resources, Inc. has announced the completion of its $57 million public offering of senior unsecured notes due 2030, bearing an interest rate of 8.250% per year. The company plans to use the net proceeds to redeem its outstanding 9.00% Senior Notes Due 2026 and for general corporate purposes, including funding rare earth development and future investments. The notes are rated 'BBB-' by Egan-Jones Ratings Company and will be listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol \"METCI\"."], ["20250731", "HF Sinclair (DINO.N) surpassed Wall Street expectations for its second-quarter profit, driven by significantly higher refining margins in the mid-continent region. This improvement helped offset a decrease in refined product sales volumes and was consistent with other top U.S. refiners experiencing a rebound in earnings. The company reported an adjusted profit of $1.70 per share, considerably higher than the analyst average of $1.02, despite a slight dip in throughput volumes due to maintenance activities."], ["20250731", "Sempra Infrastructure, a unit of U.S. energy company Sempra, will supply 1.5 million tonnes of liquefied natural gas (LNG) per year to Japan's biggest power generator JERA in a 20-year deal. The LNG will be supplied from Sempra's Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 development project in Texas. This agreement follows Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 receiving all necessary key permits and U.S. approval to export LNG to Europe and Asia."], ["20250731", "Trinity Industries Inc. (TRN) released its Q2 2025 Form 10-Q report, detailing a decrease in total revenue to $1,091.6 million and net income to $47.1 million compared to the previous year. Despite a challenging economic environment, the Railcar Leasing and Services Group saw revenue growth, although the company plans to mitigate cost volatility through strategic purchasing and contract adjustments. Management anticipates continued strong demand for railcar leasing and services while monitoring macroeconomic conditions."], ["20250731", "Antero Resources exceeded Q2 2025 earnings and revenue forecasts, reporting an EPS of $0.50 against a $0.44 forecast and $1.3 billion in revenue against an anticipated $1.25 billion. The company's stock rose 2.81% post-announcement, driven by debt reduction, strong cash flow, and improved operational efficiency, including the lowest maintenance capital per Mcfe in its peer group. Antero maintains an optimistic outlook, focusing on low debt, opportunistic share buybacks, and leveraging increased natural gas demand from LNG exports and regional power generation, while analysts maintain a bullish consensus."], ["20250731", "Xcel Energy Inc. reported an adjusted quarterly profit of 75 cents per share for the quarter ending June 30, exceeding the average analyst estimate of 65 cents per share. Revenues also surpassed expectations, reaching $3.29 billion, an 8.6% increase year-over-year. Despite recent downward revisions in analyst estimates, the stock holds an \"buy\" rating with a median 12-month price target of $77.50."], ["20250731", "Shares of freight delivery company XPO (XPO) fell 9.1% after reporting disappointing second-quarter financial results, marked by a significant drop in profitability and decreasing tonnage and shipments in its North American Less-Than-Truckload division. Although revenue held flat, net income and earnings per share saw sharp declines, attributed by the CEO to a soft freight environment. Despite volatility, the market's reaction suggests the news is meaningful but not fundamentally altering its perception of the business, especially after a recent analyst upgrade and positive sentiment in the LTL sector."], ["20250731", "TC Energy announced strong second-quarter 2025 operating and financial results, leading to an increased comparable EBITDA outlook for 2025 in the range of $10.8 to $11.0 billion. The company achieved significant milestones, including placing the Southeast Gateway pipeline in service and over $5.8 billion in natural gas pipeline capacity projects, with projects tracked approximately 15 percent below budget. TC Energy's strategy focuses on low-risk, brownfield projects underpinned by long-term contracts, aiming for sustainable organic comparable EBITDA growth and annual dividend growth."], ["20250731", "DeFi Technologies has launched a new DeFi Advisory business line and secured its first mandate to manage Nuvve Holding Corp.'s treasury strategy. This initiative will utilize HYPE, the native currency of Hyperliquid, a decentralized exchange, with DeFi Technologies overseeing performance optimization, custody, and OTC transactions. The move signals DeFi Technologies' strategic shift to offer institutional-grade digital asset treasury services and addresses a growing demand for compliant advisory solutions for publicly traded firms exploring digital assets."], ["20250731", "Bollinger Innovations, Inc. (NASDAQ: BINI) announced a 1-for-250 reverse stock split of its common stock, effective August 4, 2025, to meet Nasdaq's minimum bid price requirement. This adjustment will combine 250 current shares into one and reduce the total outstanding shares from approximately 423.5 million to 1.7 million, without altering stockholders' percentage interest. The company cautions there is no guarantee this action will ensure compliance with Nasdaq listing standards."], ["20250731", "Pampa Energia S.A. (NYSE:PAM) has initiated a $1.5 billion expansion plan, including a $426 million oil and gas processing plant in Neuqu\u00e9n province to boost production at the Rincon de Aranda field tenfold. The company anticipates this expansion will generate $1.2 billion in annual crude oil exports starting in 2027. To fund this growth, Pampa Energia recently issued $340 million in senior notes, bringing the total to $700 million, and reported strong Q2 2024 results with natural gas production up 21% year-over-year and adjusted EBITDA rising 30%."], ["20250731", "PG&E's data center project pipeline has surged to 10 gigawatts, an 82% increase in five months, with the potential to reduce customer electric bills by over 10%. This expansion is expected to generate significant economic benefits for California, including 65,000 permanent jobs and up to $4.75 billion in tax revenues. The California Public Utilities Commission has approved an interim rule allowing large-load customers to fund transmission infrastructure upfront, accelerating grid connections for 1.5 GW of projects already in final engineering."], ["20250731", "Cosan S.A. (CSAN), a Brazilian conglomerate, recently led a historic energy integration in South America with its subsidiary Edge completing Brazil\u2019s first import of Argentine natural gas via Bolivia. This initiative aims to enhance supply flexibility, promote regional energy integration, and support Brazil's cleaner energy goals. Despite facing operational challenges like a plant fire, Cosan S.A. continues to focus on portfolio optimization, sustainable growth through ventures like Ra\u00edzen, and significant corporate restructuring to streamline operations."], ["20250731", "PBF Energy Inc (NYSE:PBF) announced mixed Q2 2025 results, with revenue exceeding analyst expectations at $7.48 billion, but an EPS loss of $1.03 per share, which was slightly better than the estimated loss. The company reported an operational income of $43.0 million, a significant improvement year-over-year, and declared a quarterly dividend of $0.275 per share. Despite a positive stock performance over the last month, analysts project continued profitability challenges for the rest of 2025."], ["20250731", "CNX Resources Corp. reported a net profit of $432.52 million for Q2, rebounding from two successive quarters of losses. This strong performance was primarily driven by a significant gain on commodity derivative instruments and increased sales volumes. The company also highlighted its continued focus on cost leadership, share repurchases, and positive free cash flow generation."], ["20250731", "PBF Energy (NYSE:PBF) reported mixed results for Q2 2025, with non-GAAP earnings per share exceeding analyst estimates despite a wider loss, while revenue of $7.47 billion also surpassed expectations but was down 14.4% year-over-year. The company's performance was significantly impacted by the partial shutdown of its Martinez refinery due to a fire, though insurance recoveries helped mitigate losses. PBF maintains its quarterly dividend and is focusing on operational efficiency and cost containment, with full Martinez operations expected by year-end 2025."], ["20250731", "Robin Energy Ltd. announced its Board of Directors has unanimously approved Bitcoin as a primary treasury reserve asset, with an initial allocation of $5 million. This forms part of a broader framework targeting up to 50% of the company's long-term cash reserves for Bitcoin through dollar-cost averaging. The move aims to optimize the balance sheet for long-term value creation, leveraging Bitcoin's properties for inflation hedging and portfolio diversification, without impacting operational liquidity."], ["20250731", "TC Energy Corp. reported increased second-quarter profits and is strategically positioning itself to meet an anticipated surge in natural gas demand. The company projects North American natural gas demand to reach 45 billion cubic feet per day by 2035, driven by LNG exports, power generation, and industrial needs, including those from AI and data centers. TC Energy is in discussions with over 30 potential data center customers and is benefiting from Canada's Building Canada Act, which aims to fast-track major projects."], ["20250731", "Xcel Energy (NASDAQ: XEL) announced that it will host a conference call on Thursday, July 31, 2025, to discuss its second quarter 2025 financial results. The earnings report will be released before market open on the same day, with the conference call starting at 9:00 a.m. Central Time. Details for participating in the call, including dial-in numbers and a conference password, along with webcast information, are provided."], ["20250731", "Bollinger Innovations (NASDAQ: BINI) announced a 1-for-250 reverse stock split effective August 4, 2025, to regain compliance with Nasdaq's $1.00 minimum bid price requirement. This drastic measure will reduce outstanding shares from 423.5 million to 1.7 million, but analysts caution it signals severe financial distress and does not guarantee meeting the Nasdaq requirement. The company's EV business fundamentals are seen as critically weak, and the split may precede further dilution."], ["20250731", "XTI Aerospace announced a strategic partnership with IDEO, a global design and innovation firm, to enhance the customer experience for its TriFan 600 and future xVTOL aircraft. This collaboration aims to integrate human-centered design into all aspects of aircraft development, from initial market research and interior design to user interfaces and ownership journeys. The partnership will focus on creating a seamless, intuitive, and compelling vision for vertical mobility, guided by IDEO's expertise in systems-level innovation and ethnographic research."], ["20250731", "The URAN Themes Uranium & Nuclear ETF (BOATS:URAN) tracks an index of companies involved in the uranium and nuclear industries. It has assets under management of $30.66 million, an expense ratio of 0.35%, and an indicated dividend yield of 2.15%. The fund is passively managed, aiming to replicate the BITA Global Uranium and Nuclear Select Index."], ["20250731", "Entergy Corp.'s Q2 earnings call revealed a positive outlook with improved customer satisfaction and significant growth in Arkansas, alongside a substantial increase in its capital plan to $40 billion. While the company faces challenges like rising operational costs and flat residential sales, its strong financial position and strategic investments in renewable energy and storm resilience provide a solid foundation for future growth. Entergy reaffirmed its commitment to a $40 billion capital plan and an optimistic outlook for 2025."], ["20250731", "BorgWarner has secured contracts with two major global OEMs to supply its high-voltage coolant heater (HVCH) technology for plug-in hybrid electric vehicle (PHEV) platforms. These contracts include a 400V HVCH for one legacy automaker, marking BorgWarner's first eHeater win for a hybrid program with them, and an 800V HVCH for another global OEM, expanding a long-standing partnership. The technology enhances vehicle cabin and battery heating, improves system performance and driving experience, and optimizes battery temperature for faster charging."], ["20250731", "Sempra Infrastructure and JERA Co., Inc. have announced a 20-year sale and purchase agreement for 1.5 million tonnes per annum (Mtpa) of liquefied natural gas (LNG) from the Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 development project in Texas. This agreement advances their previous non-binding heads of agreement and highlights their commitment to energy security and a lower carbon future through stable, long-term LNG supply. The Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 project is currently under active marketing and development, with future phases also in the early stages."], ["20250731", "Eagle Energy Metals Corp., a uranium miner and nuclear reactor technology developer, will go public through a merger with Spring Valley Acquisition Corp. II, capitalizing on rising energy demand due to the AI boom. The deal values the combined company at $312 million, with Eagle's equity investors expected to own about 66%. The new entity, Eagle Nuclear Energy Corp., is slated for a Nasdaq listing in late 2025."], ["20250731", "DT Midstream, Inc. announced strong second-quarter 2025 results, reporting net income and operating earnings of $107 million, or $1.04 per diluted share, with Adjusted EBITDA reaching $277 million. The company also declared an $0.82 per share dividend and reaffirmed its 2025 and provided early 2026 Adjusted EBITDA guidance, highlighting significant progress on organic projects and achieving an investment-grade credit rating."], ["20250731", "TR Mining, a portfolio company of Royalty Management Holdings Corp (NASDAQ:RMCO), has discovered valuable rare earth elements within its prospecting lease in Jamaica. This discovery expands the project's economic potential beyond its known deposits of iron ore, titanium, and vanadium. The new findings reveal significant concentrations of high-value rare earth elements, which are vital for strategic technologies while Royalty Management Holdings holds a 10% royalty on all mineral sales from the site."], ["20250731", "RGC Resources, Inc. announced its fiscal third-quarter 2025 earnings call and webcast will be held on Wednesday, August 13, 2025, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time. Interested parties can access important financial information, presentation materials, and the archived webcast on the Investor & Financial Information page of the company's website. The company provides energy products and services in Virginia through its subsidiaries and encourages review of its forward-looking statements."], ["20250731", "BorgWarner has secured two significant turbocharger contracts with a major global OEM for next-generation compact and light commercial vehicles in Europe and North America. The company will supply its wastegate gasoline turbocharger for 1.0-liter engines starting in August 2027 and a high-performance turbocharger for 3.0-liter gasoline hybrid applications beginning September 2028. These awards underscore BorgWarner's ability to offer reliable, cost-effective, and durable solutions, reinforcing its commitment to supporting combustion engine technologies and localized manufacturing."], ["20250731", "Fortis Inc. has declared its third-quarter 2025 dividends, with $0.615 per share payable on Common Shares and varying rates for First Preference Shares. The dividends are payable on September 1, 2025, to shareholders of record as of August 19, 2025, and are designated as eligible for federal and provincial dividend tax credits. All amounts are in Canadian dollars."], ["20250731", "This article provides a detailed overview of the SonicShares Global Shipping ETF (BOATS:BOAT), including its price chart, key statistics like AUM ($78.63M), dividend yield (6.39%), and expense ratio (0.69%). It also details the fund's investment strategy, top holdings, and answers frequently asked questions about ETFs and BOATS. The fund is passively managed, tracking the Solactive Global Shipping Index, and was launched on August 3, 2021."], ["20250731", "A joint venture entre PPL (PPL) e Blackstone (BX) para construir usinas de energia para data centers de Big Tech garantiu terras e est\u00e1 em negocia\u00e7\u00f5es com potenciais clientes. A demanda por eletricidade nos EUA est\u00e1 crescendo devido aos data centers de IA, levando a PPL a estender a vida \u00fatil da gera\u00e7\u00e3o de energia a carv\u00e3o no Kentucky e considerar op\u00e7\u00f5es alternativas para aumentar o fornecimento de energia. A PPL tamb\u00e9m est\u00e1 apoiando a legisla\u00e7\u00e3o na Pensilv\u00e2nia para permitir que concession\u00e1rias reguladas possuam a gera\u00e7\u00e3o de energia."], ["20250731", "Union Pacific Corp. and Norfolk Southern Corp. have announced plans to create America\u2019s first transcontinental railroad through a stock and cash transaction, forming a combined enterprise valued over $250 billion. This merger aims to connect 50,000 route miles across 43 states, enhance the U.S. supply chain, and improve freight service by eliminating interchange delays and reducing transit times. Both companies emphasize the economic benefits, including support for manufacturing, job preservation, and reduced highway congestion."], ["20250731", "The Global X Autonomous & Electric Vehicles ETF has continued to reduce its exposure to Chinese carmakers Nio and XPeng in July, extending a multi-quarter trend of stake reductions. This marks the third consecutive quarter of cuts for both companies, with Nio's stake now valued at $3.87 million and XPeng's at $5.01 million. These reductions occurred while the ETF maintains substantial holdings in other companies like Nvidia, Microsoft, Alphabet, and Tesla."], ["20250731", "Union Pacific Corp. has agreed to acquire Norfolk Southern Corp. for $85 billion, merging two Class I freight railroads to form North America's first transcontinental railroad. The acquisition, valued at $320 per share for Norfolk Southern, is expected to close by early 2027 and aims to provide faster, more reliable freight service and increased competition. The combined entity would connect over 50,000 route miles across 43 states and is anticipated to be accretive to Union Pacific\u2019s adjusted EPS by the second full year after closing."], ["20250731", "Southern Company reported earnings of $900 million in the second quarter of 2025, a decrease from $1.2 billion in the same period of 2024. Despite the decline in quarterly profit, operating revenues for Q2 2025 increased to $7 billion, up 7.9% from 2024. The company's CEO, Chris Womack, highlighted strong financial and operational performance through the first half of the year and expressed confidence in meeting 2025 goals while balancing growth, reliability, and affordability for customers."], ["20250731", "Blink Charging and Universal Media have partnered to launch the \"EV Totem,\" which combines EV charging solutions with dual-sided digital media displays. The first units have been installed in Salt Lake City, Utah, with plans for further deployment in high-traffic areas. The EV Totem aims to generate additional revenue for charging station operators through real-time, location-based ad targeting."], ["20250731", "SLB has launched OnWave, an autonomous logging platform for the oil and gas sector, which eliminates traditional wireline cables and units, significantly improving efficiency and safety. The cable-free design allows for faster deployment and continuous communication with surface operations, reducing the risk of stuck pipe events and ensuring data quality. OnWave has demonstrated impressive results in diverse basins, processing measurements at the surface to enhance petrophysics and acoustic insights for exploration and production operations."], ["20250731", "Williams Companies has released its newest Sustainability Report, detailing its performance on environmental, social, and governance initiatives aimed at creating long-term value. The report highlights the company's commitment to decarbonizing the natural gas value chain through emissions reduction, innovation in energy technologies, and significant community engagement. Williams also received recognition in key sustainability rankings, underscoring its focus on responsible corporate stewardship."], ["20250731", "Louisville Gas and Electric and Kentucky Utilities, subsidiaries of PPL Corp., have reached a settlement agreement to add approximately 1.3 GW of gas-fired generation capacity to primarily serve projected growth from data centers and other industrial loads. The agreement also includes pushing back the retirement of a 297-MW coal-fired unit until a new gas unit comes online and the withdrawal of a proposal for a 400-MW battery storage system. The utilities will also issue an RFP for renewable energy and storage and provide semi-annual updates on construction, economic development, and load forecasts to the Kentucky Public Service Commission."], ["20250731", "IDACORP, Inc. reported strong second-quarter 2025 results, with net income attributable to IDACORP increasing to $95.8 million, or $1.76 per diluted share. The company raised the lower end of its full-year 2025 earnings guidance range to $5.70 to $5.85 per diluted share, driven by higher customer usage, growth, and rate changes. These positive drivers were partially offset by increased depreciation and financing costs as Idaho Power invests in infrastructure."], ["20250731", "Ford Motor Company reported a decline in adjusted earnings for the second quarter of fiscal 2025 to $0.37 per share, despite a 5% increase in revenues to $50.2 billion. The company cited special charges and expenses related to an EV program cancellation as reasons for the earnings drop. Ford reinstated its full-year 2025 adjusted EBIT guidance and expects significant tariff-related headwinds."], ["20250731", "Xcel Energy reported second-quarter 2025 GAAP earnings of $0.75 per share, up from $0.54 per share in 2024, and reaffirmed its 2025 ongoing earnings per share guidance of $3.75 to $3.85. The company highlighted progress on infrastructure investments, new generation projects, and wildfire mitigation plans, while also detailing ongoing rate cases and litigation related to the Smokehouse Creek and Marshall wildfires. The report includes comprehensive financial statements, liquidity information, credit ratings, and future operating and dividend growth objectives."], ["20250731", "BorgWarner has secured a new contract with a major Chinese OEM for its electric motors, enhancing its presence in China's rapidly growing NEV market. The awarded motors feature a platform-based design compatible with various NEVs and utilize an innovative ultra-short hairpin welding process for improved space efficiency. To meet increasing demand, BorgWarner is expanding its motor manufacturing capabilities with a new facility in Wuhu, nearing operation in early 2025."], ["20250730", "Textron Aviation Defense, in partnership with Leonardo, has announced the Beechcraft M-346N jet as a \"ready-now\" solution for the U.S. Navy's Undergraduate Jet Training System (UJTS) program. The M-346N is a twin-engine, tandem-seat aircraft with advanced digital controls and an integrated training ecosystem designed to prepare naval aviators for 4th and 5th generation aircraft operations. This offering emphasizes American manufacturing heritage and aims to provide an operationally proven, cutting-edge training platform that reduces costs and enhances student readiness."], ["20250730", "Thor Motor Coach has announced significant upgrades across its 2026 Class A gas motorhome lineup, focusing on luxury, convenience, and functionality. Key introductions include the all-new Indigo and Luminate GG35 floorplan, featuring a King-size bed and washer/dryer prep, and the Axis and Vegas 28.1 floor plan with theater seating and a walk-around queen bed. All 2026 models will also receive a 14-inch touchscreen dash radio with smart connectivity and updated interior and exterior styling for the Hurricane and Windsport lines."], ["20250730", "Spire Inc. is set to acquire Duke Energy's Piedmont Natural Gas pipeline network in Tennessee for $2.48 billion, expanding its natural gas utility footprint. The acquisition, expected to close in Q1 2026, will add over 200,000 customers in the Nashville area to Spire Tennessee. This move allows Duke Energy to fund other investment opportunities and is subject to regulatory approvals."], ["20250730", "The proliferation of AI-driven data centers is significantly boosting demand for natural gas, considered a reliable energy source for these intensive operations. This growing demand is expected to drive substantial growth in the natural gas sector, particularly in late 2025 and 2026. The article highlights three natural gas stocks\u2014GE Vernova, EQT Corp., and Williams Companies\u2014that are well-positioned to benefit from this AI-fueled energy need."], ["20250730", "Michael Ballanger of GGM Advisory Inc. recommends Ring Energy Inc. (REI:NYSE) as a buy, citing its current trading price of US$0.8223 against a book value of US$4.24, suggesting it is significantly undervalued compared to the industry average. He notes strong option trading volume in September $1.00 calls, which could indicate a potential buyout. Ballanger believes REI offers minimal downside risk and substantial capital appreciation potential as a proxy for the energy sector."], ["20250730", "Precision Drilling Corp. has increased its 2025 capital spending budget to $240-million, reversing earlier cuts due to an improved business outlook, particularly in gas-directed drilling and the startup of the LNG Canada export facility. CEO Kevin Neveu noted strong customer demand and term contracts as reasons for restoring and increasing investment, even as the company reported a drop in second-quarter net income and revenue compared to the previous year."], ["20250730", "Oceaneering International has upgraded its Ocean Intervention II (OI2) vessel to enable simultaneous autonomous survey operations. The vessel, originally launched in 2000, underwent significant enhancements in early 2025, including survey system upgrades, deck refurbishments for autonomous vehicle deployment, and improved data infrastructure. This upgrade allows the OI2 to efficiently conduct multi-discipline survey campaigns by simultaneously collecting AUV, towed geophysical, and geotechnical data."], ["20250730", "NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NASDAQ: NNE) has acquired a 23,537-square-foot facility on 2.75 acres in Oak Brook, Illinois, for $3.5 million. This facility will serve as a regional demonstration and office hub for its KRONOS MMR Microreactor Energy System, supporting collaboration with the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign (UIUC). It will also house nuclear engineers and researchers for component testing and aid in the regulatory licensing process of the KRONOS MMR, leveraging Illinois's strong nuclear infrastructure and NANO Nuclear's existing partnership with AECOM for site-specific engineering at UIUC."], ["20250730", "National Fuel Gas Company announced its consolidated results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2025, reporting GAAP earnings per share of $1.64. This represents a significant increase compared to last year's net loss. The company also raised the midpoint of its fiscal 2025 adjusted earnings per share guidance and provided preliminary guidance for fiscal 2026, projecting a 20% increase based on a NYMEX price of $4.00."], ["20250730", "LiveWire (LVWR) reported a significant reduction in operating losses and cash burn in Q2 2025, with a 34% improvement in operating loss compared to Q2 2024. The company announced a strategic pivot towards lightweight, off-road, and urban mobility segments, with two new mini production models confirmed for launch at EICMA in November. Harley-Davidson also shared details of a strategic partnership with KKR and PIMCO for its financial services arm, HDFS, which is expected to generate $1.25 billion in discretionary cash for the parent company and transform HDFS into a capital-light financing business."], ["20250730", "Li Auto Inc. has launched the Li L8, a six-seat battery electric SUV designed for families, emphasizing efficiency, off-road capabilities, advanced safety, and smart features. It positions itself as a premium option in China's new energy vehicle market, supported by an extensive supercharging network. The vehicle integrates sophisticated intelligent driving systems and an advanced voice agent, MindGPT-powered Li Xiang Tong Xue, to enhance user experience and convenience."], ["20250730", "Nauticus Robotics and Advanced Ocean Systems (AOS) have formed a strategic alliance through a master services agreement to accelerate the integration of autonomy in the offshore sector. The multi-year commitment will involve collaboration on subsea robotics and autonomous systems, including trials of Nauticus' Aquanaut AUV at AOS's test lake facility. The partnership aims to enhance efficiency and effectiveness in offshore operations by integrating autonomous underwater and uncrewed surface vehicles."], ["20250730", "Honda Motor Co., Ltd. announced its production, sales, and export results for June 2025 and the first half of calendar year 2025. The report details worldwide production, production in main regions, sales in the Japanese market, and exports from Japan, providing year-over-year comparisons and trends. Key findings include a worldwide production decrease and an increase in total exports from Japan."], ["20250730", "TechnipFMC PLC reported a significant surge in adjusted net income for Q2, reaching $285.5 million, an increase of 99.8% sequentially and 51.1% year-over-year. The subsea segment was a key driver, with strong inbound orders and increased project activity contributing to the company's robust financial performance. The company remains confident in achieving its three-year goal for subsea inbound orders."], ["20250730", "FTAI Aviation Ltd. announced strong Q2 2025 results, with net income rising 80% quarter-over-quarter to $161.7 million and adjusted EBITDA reaching $347.8 million. The company showcased significant operational growth in its Aerospace Products segment, increasing CFM56 module production and enhancing repair capabilities through acquisition. Management expressed confidence in achieving a 25% long-term market share goal and continued growth, supported by strategic initiatives and a healthy financial position."], ["20250730", "Eversource Energy is expected to increase its supply rates. The article highlights this upcoming change, emphasizing it as local news relevant to consumers. The piece was updated on July 30, 2025, at 1:31 PM EDT."], ["20250730", "Enlight Renewable Energy has appointed Adi Leviatan as its new CEO, making her the sole female CEO of a company listed on the Tel Aviv 35 Index. Leviatan, previously head of 3M's business division, will replace cofounder Gilad Yavetz, who will become executive chairman. These changes are effective October 1, 2025, for Israel's largest renewable energy company."], ["20250730", "Nuvve Holding Corp. announced its Board of Directors has approved an initial purchase of up to $3 million in Hype tokens, integrating blockchain technology into its treasury strategy. This move reflects Nuvve's commitment to blockchain-enabled infrastructure and its belief in the transformative potential of the Hype ecosystem for real-world applications, especially in the smart energy sector. DeFi Technologies Inc. will manage Nuvve's HYPE treasury strategy through its new DeFi Advisory business line."], ["20250730", "Aurora Innovation Inc., a leader in self-driving trucks, has significantly expanded its commercial operations by initiating nighttime driverless runs and opening a new terminal in Phoenix. The company has surpassed 20,000 driverless miles and aims to transform the trillion-dollar trucking industry with its continuous utilization capabilities. Aurora's technology, including its FirstLight lidar, prioritizes safety and efficiency by enabling round-the-clock autonomous operations, and the company has launched \"Aurora Driver Live\" to showcase its progress."], ["20250730", "Atlas Energy Solutions Inc. has acquired PropFlow LLC, a U.S. provider of patented on-wellsite proppant filtration technology. This acquisition aims to enhance Atlas's existing proppant handling capabilities by eliminating proppant debris, thereby reducing maintenance costs and downtime for frac equipment. Atlas President & CEO John Turner stated that this move will help drive higher completion efficiencies for customers by combining PropFlow's filtration system with Atlas's sand and logistics platform."], ["20250730", "Tortoise Capital has announced the release of the combined 2025 semi-annual stockholders' report for the Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corp. (NYSE: TYG) and Tortoise Sustainable and Social Impact Term Fund (NYSE: TEAF). The report is available online and hard copies can be requested. Tortoise Capital manages approximately $9.1 billion in assets and focuses on energy and power infrastructure sectors."], ["20250730", "Tortoise Capital has released its combined 2025 semi-annual stockholders' report for the Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corp. (TYG) and the Tortoise Sustainable and Social Impact Term Fund (TEAF). The report is available online, and hard copies can be requested. Tortoise Capital, with $9.1 billion in assets under management, specializes in energy and power infrastructure investments."], ["20250730", "The Portnoy Law Firm has announced an investigation into National Grid PLC (NYSE: NGG) for potential securities fraud following a fire at London's Heathrow Airport caused by the failure of a National Grid electricity substation. The incident, which led to a 5% decline in National Grid's American Depositary Shares, stemmed from an issue identified seven years prior but not addressed. Investors who suffered losses are encouraged to contact the firm to discuss their legal rights and potential class action."], ["20250730", "Comstock Resources, Inc. reported strong Q2 2025 financial and operating results, driven by higher natural gas prices. The company posted $344 million in natural gas and oil sales, $210 million in operating cash flow, and adjusted net income of $40.0 million. Comstock also highlighted successful drilling in the Western Haynesville area and a collaboration with NextEra Energy Resources for potential power generation assets."], ["20250730", "FTAI Aviation Ltd. (FTAI) stock surged by 26.27% following impressive Q2 earnings, with an EPS of $1.57 and revenue of $676.24 million, significantly exceeding expectations. The company demonstrated strong financial health with $302 million in cash reserves and $400 million in adjusted free cash flow, alleviating investor concerns and driving market optimism. Analysts are now evaluating the sustainability of this unexpected performance and its implications for investment strategies, given the company's solid financial ratios and revenue growth."], ["20250730", "Precision Drilling's President and CEO, Kevin Neveu, discussed the company's latest earnings report, which indicated a decrease in Q2 profit compared to 2024. The interview also covered the company's future outlook. BNN Bloomberg hosted this discussion."], ["20250730", "LSB Industries, Inc. announced its second-quarter 2025 operating results, reporting a 6% year-over-year increase in sales volumes and strong demand across its end markets despite higher natural gas prices. The company's low carbon project at El Dorado is on track for 2026, pending EPA approval, and debt reduction measures were taken during the quarter. Financial highlights include Q2 2025 net sales of $151.3 million, net income of $3.0 million, and Adjusted EBITDA of $38.3 million."], ["20250730", "Pacific Gas and Electric (NYSE:PCG) has awarded $400,000 in Resilience Hubs Grants to seven community organizations, concluding its five-year, $2 million program. These grants will help establish climate resilience hubs providing essential resources during extreme weather events, particularly benefiting disadvantaged communities. The program, funded by PG&E Corporation shareholders, supports emergency preparedness and climate-resilient facilities across Northern and Central California."], ["20250730", "Werner Enterprises reported a significant increase in its Q2 2025 net income, reaching $44.1 million, primarily due to the reversal of a $45.7 million liability from a Texas Supreme Court ruling and a $7.9 million earnout provision reversal. Despite a 1% dip in total revenue, the company's profit surged by 366% year-over-year. CEO Derek Leathers highlighted the success of their business improvement strategy and disciplined investments while navigating global trade policy uncertainties."], ["20250730", "Ford Motor has reinstated its full-year guidance after initially withdrawing it in May due to tariffs, reporting second-quarter revenue that exceeded expectations. The new outlook factors in an estimated net $2 billion hit from tariffs. Despite the challenges, CFO Sherry House stated Ford maintains \"constructive conversations\" with the Trump administration regarding steel and aluminum tariffs, while CEO Jim Farley highlighted the company's commitment to the U.S. manufacturing base."], ["20250730", "Baker Hughes has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Chart Industries for $210 per share in cash, totaling an enterprise value of $13.6 billion. This acquisition aims to strengthen Baker Hughes' position as an energy and industrial technology leader by expanding its offerings in high-growth markets like LNG, data centers, and new energy, leveraging Chart's expertise in gas and liquid molecule handling. The deal is expected to deliver substantial synergies and be immediately accretive to Baker Hughes' growth, margins, and cash flow."], ["20250730", "Union Pacific (UNP) has announced an $85 billion cash-and-stock deal to acquire Norfolk Southern Corporation (NSC), aiming to create America's first transcontinental railroad. This merger, the largest in railroad history, will reshape U.S. freight rail by forming a coast-to-coast operator. Investors can capitalize on this by investing in ETFs with significant allocations to UNP and NSC, such as iShares US Transportation ETF (IYT), ProShares Supply Chain Logistics ETF (SUPL), Themes US Infrastructure ETF (HWAY), and First Trust Nasdaq Transportation ETF (FTXR)."], ["20250730", "Delek Logistics Partners LP (NYSE: DKL) stock reached a new 52-week high of $45.80, reflecting investor confidence with a 9.9% dividend yield and consistent dividend increases for 12 consecutive years. Despite reporting strong Q1 2025 revenue, the company's EPS fell short, and Fitch Ratings downgraded its Issuer Default Rating to 'B+'. Mizuho initiated coverage with a neutral rating and a $44.00 price target, highlighting Delek's strategic shift in its midstream business."], ["20250730", "FuelCell Energy and CGN have signed a 10 MW repowering agreement, indicating growing market momentum in the fuel cell industry. This development suggests a forward trajectory for fuel cell technology adoption and investment. The agreement highlights increasing collaboration and expansion within the clean energy sector."], ["20250730", "Generac Holdings reported stronger-than-expected second-quarter profits and revenue, driven by robust sales of its power backup equipment amidst frequent power outages. The company's residential segment saw increased demand due to widespread blackouts, and its commercial and industrial business also experienced growth. Generac narrowed its full-year net sales growth forecast but raised its net income margin outlook."], ["20250730", "Enphase Energy Inc. (NASDAQ: ENPH) stock reached a 52-week low of $32.98, dropping 71.15% over the past year. Despite the downturn, the company holds more cash than debt and management has been buying back shares. Analysts have mixed price targets ranging from $27 to $85, and recent financial results exceeded expectations for revenue and earnings, with new product launches aimed at enhancing market presence."], ["20250730", "C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) announced strong financial results for the second quarter of 2025, with increased gross profits, income from operations, and diluted EPS, despite a challenging market. This performance was attributed to strategic initiatives, including a Lean operating model and AI integration, and growth in its North American Surface Transportation and Robinson Fresh segments. The company returned $160.7 million to shareholders and remains confident in its path for sustainable outperformance."], ["20250730", "Li Auto's shares plummeted after the launch of its first all-electric SUV, the Li i8, signaling investor disappointment. The Li i8's starting price was lower than expected but still higher than a direct competitor, Onvo L90, and the vehicle faces significant competition from both Onvo and an upcoming Tesla model. Investors also noted Li Auto's limited technological disclosures at the launch event compared to rivals."], ["20250730", "ArcBest Corp. reported a significant drop in its second-quarter profit and revenue, with net income falling by nearly 45% to $25.8 million, or $1.12 per share, missing Wall Street expectations. The company attributed these results to a soft freight environment, which negatively impacted both its asset-based and asset-light divisions. Despite these challenges, ArcBest's CEO Judy McReynolds and incoming CEO Seth Runser expressed commitment to meeting customer needs and optimizing operations for long-term growth."], ["20250730", "Tigo Energy (TYGO) has seen its stock rise by over 21% driven by strong financial performance and positive forecasts. Key factors include the certification of its EI inverters in the Czech Republic, the introduction of the Inverter Power Output Control (IPOC), and Q3 revenue projections exceeding expectations. The company also surpassed Q2 EPS estimates and anticipates FY25 revenue between $100M and $105M, indicating significant growth in the solar industry."], ["20250730", "Spire Inc. is set to acquire Piedmont Natural Gas's Tennessee business from Duke Energy for $2.48 billion, significantly expanding its utility footprint and customer base by adding over 200,000 customers in the Nashville area. The acquisition will increase Spire's utility customer base to nearly two million and is expected to be accretive to its adjusted earnings per share. The deal, anticipated to close in early 2026 pending regulatory approvals, allows Duke Energy to reallocate capital and fund other investment opportunities."], ["20250730", "EQT Corp. has completed its $1.8 billion acquisition of Olympus Energy's upstream and midstream operations, boosting its projected sales volume for 2025 by 100 Bcfe. The integration is expected within a month, adding 90,000 net acres with significant Marcellus and Utica inventory. The acquisition contributes to EQT's positive Q2 2025 financial results, including increased sales volumes and adjusted net profit."], ["20250730", "Schneider National, Inc. announced that its Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.095 per share for its Class A and Class B common stock. The dividend is payable to shareholders of record as of September 12, 2025, and is expected to be paid on October 9, 2025. Schneider is a multimodal provider of transportation, intermodal, and logistics services."], ["20250730", "Tortoise Capital announced the release of its combined 2025 semi-annual stockholders' report for the Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corp. (NYSE:TYG) and Tortoise Sustainable and Social Impact Term Fund (NYSE:TEAF). The report is available online, and hard copies can be requested free of charge. Tortoise Capital, with over $9.1 billion in assets under management, specializes in energy and power infrastructure sector investments."], ["20250730", "Intelligent Bio Solutions (Nasdaq: INBS) has secured a significant contract with a major London transport operator to implement its Intelligent Fingerprinting Drug Screening System across 14 operational sites, covering over 4,400 staff. This deal highlights the strength of INBS's rapid, non-invasive testing technology, which is already used by over 450 accounts in 24 countries. The company is actively expanding its global presence and is pursuing FDA clearance for a planned entry into the U.S. market in 2025."], ["20250730", "American Electric Power (AEP) announced record second-quarter 2025 operating earnings of $1.43 per share and reaffirmed its long-term growth rate of 6% to 8%, guiding to the upper half of its 2025 operating earnings guidance range of $5.75 to $5.95 per share. The company plans to announce a new five-year capital plan of approximately $70 billion to meet growing energy demands, supported by secured customer agreements for 24 gigawatts of new load by 2030. These results are attributed to a customer-focused strategy, robust capital investment, and key legislative and regulatory actions across its service territories."], ["20250730", "XTI Aerospace, Inc. announced completion of a flight-focused technical familiarization meeting with the FAA regarding its TriFan 600 Vertical Take-Off and Landing (VTOL) airplane. This meeting represents a significant step towards the TriFan 600's flight certification, with discussions centered on system design, expected flight performance, and key FAA certification areas. The company highlighted ongoing collaboration with the FAA as they refine the aircraft's design for certification under the \"Powered Lift\" category."], ["20250730", "Hess Midstream LP has reported strong estimated financial results for the second quarter of 2025, with net income rising to $179.7 million and Adjusted EBITDA reaching $316.0 million, driven by increased throughput volumes. The company also completed significant share repurchases, increased cash distributions, and reaffirmed its full-year 2025 guidance, targeting continued distribution growth through 2027. This performance comes as Chevron Corporation indirectly acquired a significant stake in Hess Midstream following its merger with Hess Corporation."], ["20250730", "Toyota continues to see increasing auto exports to the U.S. despite existing tariffs, driven by strong sales of imported models like the RAV4. This article highlights how Toyota is overcoming tariff challenges, bolstered by its record global sales in the first half of the year. It also touches upon related news regarding tariff rulings and their impact on vehicle pricing."], ["20250730", "CVR Energy reported a net loss of $114 million for the second quarter of 2025, primarily due to an unfavorable mark-to-market impact on its Renewable Fuel Standard obligation and reduced throughput volumes at its refining business. The company also announced a leadership transition, with Mark Pytosh set to become President and CEO on January 1, 2026, following Dave Lamp's retirement, and CVR Partners declared a cash distribution of $3.89 per common unit."], ["20250730", "Nexa Resources invested in 131,910 meters of drilling in the first half of 2025, focusing on three main areas: near-mine expansion, brownfield, and greenfield exploration. Despite adverse weather and operational delays, the company achieved 85% of its planned exploratory drilling. Nexa plans to drill an additional 47,245 meters in the second half of 2025, primarily in Peru."], ["20250730", "FirstEnergy reported better-than-expected Q2 2025 results, with revenue of $3.4 billion and adjusted EPS of $0.52, surpassing analyst estimates. The company reaffirmed its 2025 Core Earnings guidance, targeting the upper half of the $2.40-$2.60 per share range and projecting 6-8% annual growth through 2029. Key drivers included new base rates in Pennsylvania and transmission rate base growth, despite milder temperatures reducing customer demand."], ["20250730", "Union Pacific has announced an agreement to acquire Norfolk Southern for $320 per share in a cash/stock deal valued near $85 billion. The acquisition is expected to create the first U.S. transcontinental railroad, offering significant growth opportunities and substantial annualized EBITDA synergies of $2.75 billion. However, the tie-up faces considerable regulatory hurdles from the Surface Transportation Board, with a potential deal close targeted for early 2027."], ["20250730", "The proposed $85 billion merger between Union Pacific and Norfolk Southern creates a transcontinental U.S. railroad, significantly raising the competitive stakes for Berkshire Hathaway's BNSF subsidiary. This development pressures BNSF, which already trails Union Pacific, to pursue its own merger with CSX to maintain a competitive position in the market, despite Berkshire's historical aversion to bidding wars. The article suggests that Berkshire has ample cash to fund such an acquisition."], ["20250730", "Energy Capital Partners (ECP) and KKR announced the development of a new 190 MW hyperscale data center campus in Bosque County, Texas, marking the first investment from their $50 billion strategic partnership for AI infrastructure growth. This project, co-located with Calpine\u2019s natural gas power plant, will include a multi-phase data center campus covering over 700,000 square feet with an initial IT capacity of 144 megawatts, representing an investment approaching $4 billion. The campus aims to provide integrated, AI-ready infrastructure, leveraging a dedicated power agreement with Calpine and is expected to be operational by Q4 2026."], ["20250730", "Republic Services is advancing its Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) development efforts, indicating progress in this sector. This article, published by Biomass Magazine, highlights their ongoing work in RNG. Further details on specific projects or achievements are anticipated with the full content of the article."], ["20250730", "Clean Harbors reported slightly lower overall revenue in Q2 2025, but its environmental services segment showed strength and the company reaffirmed its full-year guidance. Executives highlighted the success of the charge-for-oil strategy and ongoing investments in its hub and spoke model, including the Kimball incinerator and Phoenix hub project. The company also anticipates positive impacts from new tax policies and growth in PFAS-related business."], ["20250730", "DTE Energy is in discussions with data center operators for up to 7GW of new capacity in Michigan, spurred by favorable tax breaks. The utility plans to leverage existing generation and new energy storage, with long-term plans for additional baseload generation to meet this demand. This growth represents a significant investment opportunity for DTE, impacting its five-year investment plan and generation strategies."], ["20250729", "Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), parent company of the NYSE, is reportedly in discussions to acquire energy data and analytics firm Enverus for at least $6 billion, according to Bloomberg News. A final agreement has not yet been reached, and discussions could still fall through. This potential deal comes as mergers and acquisitions activity is expected to increase in the latter half of the year."], ["20250729", "WeRide and Uber have expanded their Robotaxi operations to Al Reem and Al Maryah Islands in Abu Dhabi, in partnership with the Integrated Transport Centre. This expansion is expected to double ride volumes and now covers approximately half of Abu Dhabi's core areas, including key islands and routes to Zayed International Airport. The companies plan to further grow their fleet and extend services to additional areas later this year, utilizing WeRide's GXR model, which is designed for scaled commercial deployment."], ["20250729", "WeRide, a Chinese autonomous driving company, has obtained Saudi Arabia's first autonomous driving license, making it the only company globally with such licenses in six countries. This license allows WeRide to operate Robotaxi services nationwide, with a pilot phase already underway in Riyadh in collaboration with Uber and AiDriver. The company has also deployed Robobuses and autonomous street-sweeping vehicles in various Saudi locations and is expanding its operations across the Middle East."], ["20250729", "Westport Fuel Systems has successfully completed the divestiture of its Light-Duty Segment to Heliaca Investments for a base price of approximately $79.5 million (\u20ac67.7 million), with potential earnouts. This strategic move allows Westport to focus on higher-growth opportunities in heavier duty and high-horsepower commercial mobility and industrial applications, emphasizing cleaner, smarter, and more sustainable energy solutions. The company plans to provide additional details on this transaction and its future integrated business strategy during its upcoming Q2 financial results conference call on August 11, 2025."], ["20250729", "Carbon Ridge has successfully deployed the shipping industry's first centrifugal onboard carbon capture system (OCCS) on Scorpio Tankers Inc.'s LR2 product tanker, STI SPIGA. This pilot project, a collaboration with Scorpio Tankers, marks a significant advancement in scalable OCCS solutions for the maritime sector. The technology offers a compact, modular design that reduces space requirements and capital costs, providing an efficient and flexible decarbonization solution for various vessel types and future fuel complexities."], ["20250729", "Carbon Ridge has successfully deployed the first centrifugal onboard carbon capture system (OCCS) in the maritime industry, partnering with Scorpio Tankers Inc. for a pilot project on the LR2 product tanker, STI SPIGA. This innovative system is designed specifically for shipping, offering a compact, modular, and cost-effective solution to reduce carbon emissions. Carbon Ridge also secured additional funding, bringing its total funding to over $20 million USD, to further advance its decarbonization efforts in the shipping sector."], ["20250729", "Saia's newer less-than-truckload (LTL) terminals have successfully overcome initial challenges, achieving an average operating ratio in the mid-90s, an improvement from previous breakeven levels. The company's strategy of investing heavily in network expansion, despite a challenging freight market, has shown tangible results with newer facilities leading in volume and revenue growth. This expansion, reinforced by the closure of Yellow Corp., allows Saia to compete effectively with other LTL players and strengthens its nationwide footprint."], ["20250729", "Rekor is set to showcase its AI-driven vision for intelligent transportation at the ITS World Congress. Key announcements include a statewide contract with the Texas Department of Transportation, a new cloud application for traffic data analysis using existing camera infrastructure, and a Data as a Service (DaaS) model for Rekor Discover. The company will also introduce an Incident Detection API and a preview of Rekor RoadView, alongside its LPR and vehicle recognition technology."], ["20250729", "Planet Labs PBC has announced the shipment of its Pelican-3 and Pelican-4 satellites to Vandenberg Space Force Base for launch aboard SpaceX\u2019s Falcon 9 rocket. The company also confirmed that its satellite production line is fully ramped, with multiple Pelican and Tanager satellites in production, demonstrating its capacity for rapid manufacturing of Earth-imaging satellites. These new Gen 1 Pelican satellites offer up to 40 cm class resolution, 6 multispectral bands, and NVIDIA Jetson AI chips for on-orbit computing, with Gen 2 Pelicans expected to reach 30 cm resolution."], ["20250729", "Polaris Off Road has introduced the all-new 2026 RANGER 500, a compact and value-driven utility side-by-side starting at $9,999. This model is designed for everyday tasks around properties, offering versatility, simplicity, and reliability with standard features like a roof, 2,500 lb winch, and LED headlights. It targets small acreage owners and rural homeowners seeking an affordable workhorse, with shipments expected to begin in early August."], ["20250729", "Union Pacific and Norfolk Southern have announced an US$85-billion merger to create the first transcontinental railway in the U.S., connecting their networks across 43 states and 50,000 miles of track. This deal aims to streamline nationwide deliveries, but faces significant antitrust scrutiny and opposition from unions concerned about safety and labor relations. If approved, the merger is expected to pressure other major railways like BNSF and CSX to consolidate to remain competitive."], ["20250729", "Marathon Petroleum (MPC) is a major petroleum and energy refining, processing, and marketing company in the U.S., operating the largest refining system as of 2025. It provides Marathon-branded retail fuels, car washing, and convenience store items, and manufactures ingredients for household products. The company also offers fuel logistics and distribution through a partnership with MPLX."], ["20250729", "LATAM Airlines Group reported a net income of US$242 million in Q2 2025, a 66% increase year-over-year, alongside a 8.2% rise in total quarterly revenues to US$3.279 billion. The airline transported 20.6 million passengers, an increase of 7.6%, and adjusted its 2025 guidance upwards due to improved market conditions. Strategic developments included the expansion of its Joint Business Agreement with Delta Air Lines to include Argentina, new domestic routes, and improvements in customer experience and sustainability initiatives."], ["20250729", "Genie Energy Ltd. is scheduled to announce its second-quarter 2025 financial and operational results on August 7, 2025, at 7:30 AM Eastern. A conference call will follow at 8:30 AM Eastern for management to discuss results, business outlook, and strategy, including a Q&A session for investors. The release will be available on their website and filed as a Form 8-K with the SEC."], ["20250729", "KBR has been awarded a contract by Kuwait Oil Company (KOC) to provide front-end engineering design (FEED) services for Phase 1 of its heavy oil program in the South Ratqa field. This project is a key part of KOC\u2019s long-term strategy, focusing on energy affordability, national prosperity, and sustainability for Kuwait. KBR will leverage its technical expertise and project management capabilities to support this strategic initiative."], ["20250729", "Sound Transit has selected Dallas-based Jacobs to provide design services for the up to $7.1 billion West Seattle Link Extension. This 4.1-mile project will add four stations, a new bridge, and a tunnel, enhancing connectivity between Seattle's SODO and West Seattle's Alaska Junction neighborhoods. Construction is anticipated to begin in 2027, with service expected to start in 2032."], ["20250729", "Shares of several ground transportation and automotive companies, including RXO, Universal Logistics, Werner, Rivian, and Custom Truck One Source, fell after United Parcel Service (UPS) reported weak earnings and withheld full-year guidance due to macroeconomic uncertainty. UPS's struggles, attributed to low consumer confidence and a challenging economic environment, suggested broader industry headwinds impacting demand for shipping and freight services. Despite Universal Logistics missing analyst estimates in its Q2 earnings, its shares had previously gained 9.1% following results that were in line with prior guidance."], ["20250729", "Ivanhoe Electric Inc. has released a final engineering study for its Santa Cruz copper mine in Casa Grande, clearing hurdles for construction to commence next year. The underground mine is planned to produce copper cathode directly for American industry, supporting the U.S. priority for domestic copper production crucial for electric vehicles, data centers, and semiconductor manufacturing."], ["20250729", "Warrior Met Coal, Inc. (NYSE:HCC) announced that its board of directors approved a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.08 per share. The dividend will be paid on August 15, 2025, to stockholders of record as of August 8, 2025. Warrior is a U.S.-based supplier of metallurgical coal for the global steel industry."], ["20250729", "Irving-based Flowserve's planned all-stock \"merger of equals\" with Chart Industries has been terminated due to a superior $13.6 billion all-cash offer from Baker Hughes for Chart Industries. Flowserve will receive a $266 million termination payment from Chart and will continue to focus on its standalone growth strategy. Flowserve's CEO, Scott Rowe, reaffirmed the company's commitment to financial discipline and confidence in its own growth prospects."], ["20250729", "This article analyzes EOG Resources (EOG) and Occidental Petroleum (OXY) to determine which offers better long-term investment potential in the oil and gas sector. Both companies are prominent U.S. independent oil and gas producers with strong shale portfolios. Based on earnings projections, dividend yield, debt to capital, valuation, and return on equity, the article concludes that EOG currently holds an edge over OXY."], ["20250729", "Coterra Energy has been fined $299,000 by the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) for contaminating 13 private water supplies in Lenox Township, Susquehanna County, due to shale gas drilling. The company is required to submit a plan to permanently restore or replace these water supplies and continue monitoring other wells. This incident follows previous contamination issues for Coterra (formerly Cabot Oil & Gas) in nearby Dimock Township."], ["20250729", "CenterPoint Energy Inc. is ramping up its electrical workforce in Houston, aiming to hire 200 additional line workers by the end of the year and nearly 800 by 2030. This initiative supports over $53 billion in local energy investments and the company's Systemwide Resiliency Plan to strengthen the electric grid against extreme weather. CenterPoint is achieving this through job fairs, collaborations with workforce development networks, and its new \"Energy Expressway\u2122\" program, which provides training for next-generation electric workers."], ["20250729", "Baker Hughes is reportedly close to acquiring Chart Industries for $13.6 billion in cash, which would supersede a previous merger agreement between Chart and Flowserve. This deal values Chart's equity at $210 per share, a 22% premium, and aims to boost Baker Hughes' industrial and energy technology division due to growing power demand from sectors like LNG and data centers. The acquisition comes as Chart and Flowserve stocks have seen decreases this year, while Baker Hughes has gained."], ["20250729", "Bollinger Innovations announced it has eliminated all warrants and $25.3 million of convertible notes by exchanging them for newly created preferred stock, significantly strengthening its balance sheet and increasing shareholder equity by approximately $133 million. This move is expected to help the company meet Nasdaq listing requirements. The EV manufacturer also highlighted its commercial EV lineup, including the ONE, THREE, and B4 Chassis Cab, designed for urban last-mile delivery and commercial operations."], ["20250729", "Mullen Automotive Inc. has officially rebranded as Bollinger Innovations, Inc., effective July 28, 2025, to unify its commercial electric vehicle lineup under the Bollinger brand. The company's Nasdaq stock symbol has also changed from \"MULN\" to \"BINI.\" This strategic move aims to streamline its market presence and aligns with its growing portfolio of commercial EVs, including already-certified Class 1 and Class 3 vehicles, and the Class 4 electric truck B4 from majority-owned Bollinger Motors."], ["20250729", "Alliance Resource Partners reported lower net income but increased coal sales in its second quarter, driven by strong electricity demand and higher natural gas prices. The company's CEO, Joseph W. Craft III, highlighted coal's critical role in grid reliability, with increased shipments and new long-term sales commitments. Despite reduced sale prices and an impairment loss, the company emphasized solid operational performance."], ["20250729", "Allegiant Air is expanding its presence in Florida with six new nonstop routes, three of which will operate out of Fort Myers, a new destination for the airline. The new routes connect Florida airports like Fort Myers (RSW), Sarasota (SRQ), Fort Lauderdale (FLL), and Punta Gorda (PGD) to various U.S. cities, with one-way fares starting as low as $49. These expansions are part of Allegiant's strategy to provide affordable, point-to-point travel options to underserved communities, with all new routes scheduled to begin in November."], ["20250729", "Alaska Air has announced a new leadership team for its Hawaiian Airlines operations as the integration between the two carriers progresses. The team comprises a mix of existing personnel and new appointments to oversee the Hawaiian operations. This move comes as Alaska Air continues to integrate Hawaiian Airlines into its system."], ["20250729", "Alaska Air Group has announced its Honolulu leadership team for Hawaiian Airlines and Alaska Airlines Hawai\u02bbi operations, effective once a single operating certificate is obtained this fall. Jim Landers will lead Hawai\u2018i operations, overseeing safety and performance. The team will manage integration efforts, including a combined loyalty program and a single passenger service system, supporting over 6,500 employees."], ["20250729", "Royal Caribbean Group reported strong second-quarter results with 110% occupancy and increased earnings, yet investors reacted negatively, driving the stock down due to concerns over changing traveler preferences and slightly below-forecast revenues. The company raised its full-year earnings forecast and emphasized strong demand for new ships and destinations, despite analysts noting ongoing financial forecast discrepancies. CEO Jason Liberty addressed evolving consumer behaviors and Royal Caribbean's strategy to meet these changes with new ships and private destinations."], ["20250729", "This article details Bollinger Innovations, Inc. (OTC: BINI), a majority-owned EV truck company of Mullen Automotive, highlighting its focus on commercial electric vehicles with U.S.-based manufacturing. It covers the company's product lines, including the Mullen ONE, Mullen THREE, and Bollinger B4, along with their eligibility for federal and state incentives. The article also touches upon the broader EV market outlook and Mullen's management team."], ["20250729", "Delek Logistics Partners, LP has announced an increase in its quarterly cash distribution to $1.115 per common limited partner unit, resulting in an annualized distribution rate of $4.46. This distribution for the second quarter of 2025 is payable on August 14, 2025, to unitholders of record on August 8, 2025. The company specializes in midstream energy services, primarily in the Permian Basin and Gulf Coast region."], ["20250729", "Chart Industries Inc. has terminated its merger agreement with Flowserve Corporation. This decision came after Chart's Board of Directors determined that an acquisition proposal from Baker Hughes Co. constituted a \"Superior Chart Proposal\" under the terms of the Flowserve agreement. Chart Industries has engaged Wells Fargo as its financial advisor and Winston & Strawn LLP as its legal advisor for the new transaction."], ["20250729", "Stonegate Capital Partners updated its coverage on Alliance Resource Partners, L.P. (ARLP) after a resilient Q2 2025, where higher coal sales volumes countered lower coal pricing, resulting in a 7.7% year-over-year revenue decrease to $547.5M. The company's net income fell to $59.4M due to various factors, including an impairment on a battery materials investment, though partially offset by increased digital asset fair value. ARLP also announced a quarterly cash distribution of $0.60/unit and updated its FY25 guidance, anticipating improved production and strong contracted commitments."], ["20250729", "Duke Energy announced it will sell its Tennessee natural gas distribution business to Spire for $2.48 billion in cash. This strategic move aims to streamline operations and free up capital for grid upgrades, with $1.5 billion directly supporting Duke's five-year capital plan focused on modernization and energy transition. Spire plans to finance the acquisition through a combination of debt, equity, and hybrid securities, expanding its utility footprint into Tennessee."], ["20250729", "Stellantis reinstated its 2025 guidance, predicting higher net revenue and low single-digit operating income margins for the second half of the year under new CEO Antonio Filosa. The company faced a significant net loss of $2.61 billion in the first half of 2025 and is navigating structural challenges including tariffs, overcapacity, and the costly electrification transition. Filosa emphasized launching new products and making \"tough decisions\" to improve performance, while also planning to revive gas-powered models like the Hemi V-8 Ram 1500 due to less stringent emissions requirements."], ["20250729", "Avis Budget Group (NASDAQ: CAR) announced its second quarter 2025 financial results, reporting $3.0 billion in revenues, $5 million net income, and $277 million Adjusted EBITDA. The company also launched \"Avis First,\" a premium car rental service, and entered a strategic partnership with Waymo to provide fleet management for autonomous ride-hailing in Dallas, Texas. The financial highlights show improved Adjusted EBITDA in both Americas and International segments due to lower fleet costs and increased vehicle utilization."], ["20250729", "Expand Energy, formerly Chesapeake Energy, reported a second-quarter profit due to increased output and higher commodity prices, following its acquisition of Southwestern Energy. The company saw its natural gas production rise significantly and its average realized price for natural gas increase, leading to a net income of $968 million. Despite potential impacts from a trade war, Expand Energy plans to reduce capital expenditures for 2025 and aims for over 5% output growth in 2026."], ["20250729", "Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. (NYSE: CQP) announced a quarterly cash distribution of $0.820 per common unit to unitholders, payable on August 14, 2025. This distribution comprises a base amount of $0.775 and a variable component of $0.045. The company also clarified that 100% of its distributions to foreign investors are subject to U.S. federal income tax withholding as they are attributable to income effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business."], ["20250729", "This article provides a financial overview of Atlas Corp. (NYSE:ATCO.PRD), including its current stock price, recent performance, key financial details, and company description. It highlights the company's role as an asset manager and operator of containerships and mobile power generation, along with its reported revenue, gross profit, and net profit margin. The article also lists recent news updates and competitors for Atlas Corp."], ["20250729", "Sidley Austin LLP represented Spire Inc. in its US$2.48 billion acquisition of Piedmont Natural Gas's local distribution company business in Tennessee. This acquisition will significantly expand Spire's regulated business and utility footprint, adding Tennessee to its operations in Missouri, Alabama, and Mississippi. Piedmont Natural Gas, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Duke Energy, serves over 200,000 customers in the Nashville area."], ["20250729", "Latam Airlines has raised its full-year guidance after experiencing a significant jump in net income during the second quarter. This improved outlook is attributed to strong travel demand and a decrease in jet fuel prices. The airline increased its projected capacity growth and adjusted Ebitdar expectations for the year."], ["20250729", "Williams (NYSE: WMB) has announced a 5.3% increase in its quarterly dividend to $0.50 per share, or $2.00 annualized, payable on Sept. 29, 2025. This marks the company's continuous dividend payment streak since 1974, highlighting its commitment to shareholder returns. The energy industry leader operates a 33,000-mile pipeline infrastructure, moving a third of the nation's natural gas."], ["20250729", "Oilfield services giant Baker Hughes has acquired Chart Industries for $13.6 billion, outmaneuvering a previously announced merger between Chart and Flowserve. This all-cash deal represents a 22% premium for Chart's shares and includes the assumption of Chart's debt. The acquisition strengthens Baker Hughes' position in the growing liquefied natural gas (LNG) export and data center markets, where Chart specializes."], ["20250729", "A severe storm impacted the Twin Cities, causing flights to be diverted and leaving over 125,000 customers without power. Xcel Energy has deployed over 1,000 workers and contractors to restore service, prioritizing larger outages, while acknowledging that smaller, scattered outages may take longer to fix. Wind gusts exceeded 70 mph, downing trees and power lines, with some areas experiencing damage linked to a larger derecho system."], ["20250729", "Matson, a Hawaii-based shipping company, has announced it will no longer transport electric vehicles (EVs) and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEVs) due to the fire risks associated with their lithium-ion batteries. The company cites the hazardous material classification and high energy density of these batteries, which make fires involving them much more dangerous than those with combustion engine vehicles. Matson plans to resume transportation once appropriate safety solutions are developed and implemented."], ["20250729", "Tsakos Energy Navigation (TEN) is reportedly ordering two VLCCs from Hanwha Ocean, marking a significant move. This order would bring Hanwha Ocean's total VLCC newbuilding contracts for the year to ten, highlighting increased activity in the supertanker market. The report suggests TEN's expansion or fleet renewal efforts through these new Very Large Crude Carriers."], ["20250729", "Union Pacific is proposing an $85 billion merger with Norfolk Southern to create the first transcontinental railroad in the U.S., a deal that could prompt further consolidation in the rail industry. While the merger aims to streamline deliveries and reduce costs, it faces intense scrutiny from antitrust regulators and concerns from some shippers about potential monopolies. The proposal values Norfolk Southern at approximately $320 per share and anticipates significant cost savings and revenue boosts for the combined entity."], ["20250729", "Woodward, Inc. (WWD) exceeded Q3 fiscal 2025 earnings and revenue estimates, with adjusted EPS up 8% year-over-year and net sales increasing 8% to $915 million, driven by strong Aerospace segment performance. The company raised its full-year sales and earnings guidance, although free cash flow projections were narrowed due to increased working capital needs. Despite positive results, the stock saw a slight dip in pre-market trading."], ["20250729", "Baker Hughes announced its intention to acquire Chart Industries in an all-cash deal valued at $13.6 billion, including debt. This strategic move aims to expand Baker Hughes' presence in the LNG, data center, and decarbonization sectors. The acquisition follows Chart Industries' termination of a merger agreement with Flowserve, with Baker Hughes' offer representing a 22% premium for Chart shareholders."], ["20250729", "New Era Helium's joint venture, Texas Critical Data Centers LLC (TCDC), has acquired 235 acres in Ector County, Texas, for the development of a large AI and high-performance computing campus. TCDC also secured an LOI for an additional 203 acres, bringing the total to 438 acres, strategically located near essential infrastructure. The CEO, E. Will Gray II, emphasized this as a key step in aligning Permian Basin energy assets with the growing demand for AI and HPC, aiming to create significant shareholder value."], ["20250729", "Union Pacific Corp. is set to acquire Norfolk Southern Corp. in an $85 billion deal, merging their operations to create America's first transcontinental railroad company. Union Pacific, based in Nebraska, primarily operates in the Western U.S., while Atlanta-based Norfolk Southern's network covers the Eastern part of the country. This merger will result in a combined railroad spanning over 50,000 route miles across 43 states."], ["20250729", "Union Pacific Corp. is acquiring Norfolk Southern Corp. in an $85 billion deal, creating the first transcontinental railroad company in America. Union Pacific operates in the Western U.S., while Norfolk Southern's network primarily covers the Eastern U.S. This merger will result in a combined railroad spanning over 50,000 route miles across 43 states."], ["20250729", "Union Pacific Corp. is set to acquire Norfolk Southern Corp. in an $85 billion deal, creating what the companies describe as America's first transcontinental railroad company. This merger will combine Union Pacific's extensive Western U.S. operations with Norfolk Southern's network primarily in the Eastern part of the country. The combined entity will span over 50,000 route miles across 43 states."], ["20250729", "SemiCab India, a subsidiary of Algorhythm Holdings, Inc., has secured a significant expansion to its Master Services Agreement with Kellanova India to provide managed transportation services. This expansion, won through a competitive bidding process after a successful pilot program, positions SemiCab India as a top five transportation provider for Kellanova India. The services leverage SemiCab\u2019s AI-powered, cloud-based Collaborative Transportation Platform to enhance efficiency and reduce costs."], ["20250729", "Joel Riddle has stepped down as CEO of Tamboran Resources, a fracking company with Northern Territory gas contracts, after 12 years. This change coincides with Texan oil and gas executive Scott Sheffield joining the board, signaling a more hands-on, \"American lens\" approach to the company's operations in the Beetaloo Basin. The NT government remains committed to its gas supply deal with Tamboran, despite the leadership change and previous concerns about reliance on gas over renewables."], ["20250729", "MarketVector Indexes has licensed its MarketVector\u2122 US Listed AI and Power Infrastructure Index (MVAIPO) to serve as the underlying benchmark for the new Defiance AI & Power Infrastructure ETF (AIPO). This ETF aims to provide investors with targeted exposure to companies driving the buildout of artificial intelligence and critical energy infrastructure. The index focuses on firms involved in data centers, chipmakers, energy innovators, and other essential components of the AI and power infrastructure ecosystem."], ["20250729", "Magnolia Oil & Gas Corporation (NYSE: MGY) announced a quarterly cash dividend of $0.15 per share for Class A common stock and Class B units. This dividend is payable on September 2, 2025, to shareholders of record as of August 11, 2025. Magnolia has consistently increased its dividend payout annually since 2021, demonstrating its commitment to shareholder returns."], ["20250729", "Magnolia Oil & Gas Corporation (NYSE: MGY) announced a quarterly cash dividend of $0.15 per share for Class A common stock and $0.15 per Class B unit, payable on September 2, 2025, to shareholders of record as of August 11, 2025. The company has consistently grown its dividend payout since 2021, focusing on shareholder value through disciplined capital spending and free cash flow generation. Magnolia operates primarily in the Eagle Ford Shale and Austin Chalk formations in South Texas."], ["20250729", "P.A.M. Transport (PAMT) reported an $11.1 million operating loss in Q2, marking its third consecutive quarterly operating loss. The company's truckload operating ratio was 112.5% for the quarter, with declines in total miles and loads. While truckload struggled, PAMT's logistics segment performed better with a 97.7% operating ratio, contributing to an overall company operating ratio of 107.3%."], ["20250729", "Former Pioneer Natural Resources CEO Scott Sheffield has been appointed as a non-executive director to Tamboran Resources Corp. following Joel Riddle's resignation as CEO and managing director. This appointment comes after the FTC banned Sheffield from ExxonMobil's board due to alleged discussions with OPEC+ officials about controlling production. Dick Stoneburner has stepped in as interim CEO for Tamboran, which is actively seeking a permanent replacement."], ["20250729", "Baker Hughes announced its intention to acquire Chart Industries for $13.6 billion in an all-cash deal, including debt. This strategic move aims to bolster Baker Hughes' presence in the LNG, data centers, and decarbonization sectors, outbidding rival Flowserve. The acquisition aligns with Baker Hughes' efforts to expand its industrial and energy technology portfolio and is expected to generate $325 million in annualized cost synergies by the third year."], ["20250729", "Li Auto Inc. has officially launched the Li i8, a six-seat battery electric family SUV, combining capabilities of off-road vehicles, sedans, and MPVs. The Li i8, offered in Pro, Max, and Ultra trims, features a new high-voltage BEV platform with an in-house developed electric drive system, 5C battery pack, and access to China's largest super charging network. Deliveries for the Li i8 are set to begin on August 20, 2025."], ["20250729", "Chart Industries (GTLS) reported strong second-quarter 2025 financial results with significant growth in orders ($1.50 billion, up 28.6%) and sales ($1.08 billion, up 4.0%). The company highlighted broad-based order growth across various segments and a record-high commercial pipeline exceeding $24 billion. Due to the proposed acquisition by Baker Hughes, Chart Industries has withdrawn its 2025 guidance and canceled its earnings call."], ["20250729", "Costamare Bulkers Holdings, the new dry cargo arm of Greek maritime giant Costamare, has completed its first ship acquisition since its May debut. The company acquired a 13-year-old, 176,000 dwt capesize bulk carrier, formerly known as *Imperator Australis*, from Santoku Senpaku, renaming it *Imperator*. This purchase expands Costamare Bulkers' capesize fleet to seven ships, following a restructuring earlier this year that separated its dry bulk operations from its containership activities."], ["20250729", "Republic Services Inc. released its 2024 Sustainability Report, detailing significant progress in recycling, greenhouse gas emissions reduction, and alternative energy projects. The company successfully diverted 6.5 million tons of material from landfills, processed 4.5 million tons in its own facilities, and reduced greenhouse gas emissions by 20% compared to its 2017 baseline. Key advancements include upgrading 35 recycling facilities, launching six new landfill gas-to-renewable natural gas projects, and expanding its electric vehicle collection fleet to 50 trucks, with plans for further expansion."], ["20250729", "EVgo Inc. has secured a record-breaking $225 million senior secured credit facility, with an option to expand to $300 million, to significantly accelerate the expansion of its public fast-charging network across the United States. This financing will fund over 1,500 new high-power fast charging stalls, reinforcing EVgo's position as an industry leader and setting a new precedent for leveraging debt capital in the EV charging sector. The deal reflects strong confidence from a syndicate of five top-tier global project finance banks in EVgo and the future of the EV charging industry."], ["20250729", "The article discusses how Berkshire Hathaway's BNSF railroad should consider acquiring CSX, especially given Union Pacific's advanced discussions to merge with Norfolk Southern. A merger to create a transcontinental railroad would improve BNSF's competitive position and avoid interchange bottlenecks. Berkshire Hathaway has sufficient cash reserves for such a deal, but may need to act quickly to secure CSX before other interested parties."], ["20250729", "DTE Energy is in advanced discussions with data centers for 7 GW of new load in Michigan, necessitating investment in battery storage and new generation capacity. The company anticipates beginning construction of storage assets in 2026 to meet near-term demand, with additional investments in baseload generation for longer-term needs. This potential surge in demand, partly driven by new tax breaks, represents significant upside to DTE's $30 billion five-year investment plan."], ["20250729", "Union Pacific Railroad announced its intention to acquire Norfolk Southern in an $85 billion stock and cash deal, which would create the first transcontinental railroad in the United States. This merger would connect over 50,000 route miles and about 100 ports, transforming the U.S. supply chain by offering faster freight service, eliminating interchange delays, and reducing highway congestion. The acquisition is subject to approval by regulators and shareholders, targeting a close in early 2027."], ["20250729", "Union Pacific Corp. has reached an agreement to acquire Norfolk Southern Corp. in a stock and cash transaction. This proposed merger aims to create the first transcontinental railroad in the U.S., connecting over 50,000 route miles across 43 states. The deal is expected to enhance competition, benefit customers, and streamline freight services by reducing the number of Class I freight railroads in the U.S. and Canada from six to five."], ["20250729", "DTE Energy is experiencing a significant surge in electricity demand from data centers, with 3 GW of new data center load in \"advanced discussions\" and another 4 GW in ongoing discussions. To meet this demand, DTE plans to use existing generation capacity, new energy storage solutions starting in 2026, and new baseload generation like natural gas combined cycle capacity toward the end of its five-year capital plan. The utility aims to close its first 1 GW data center customer deal by the end of the year, with overall capital investments for 2025-2029 estimated at $24 billion, including $10 billion for cleaner generation."], ["20250729", "This article analyzes Uber Technologies (NYSE: UBER) and estimates its fair value to be US$178, suggesting it is 49% undervalued based on its current share price of US$90.60. The analysis uses a 2-stage Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) model and highlights key assumptions regarding future cash flows and the discount rate. It also provides a SWOT analysis and recommends investors consider additional factors like risks, management, and other solid businesses before making an investment decision."], ["20250729", "Atlas Energy Solutions Inc. announced the acquisition of PropFlow, LLC, a provider of patented on-wellsite proppant filtration technology, which closed on July 28, 2025. This acquisition aims to enhance Atlas's proppant handling capabilities and improve completion efficiencies for customers by reducing frac equipment maintenance costs and downtime. John Turner, Atlas's President & CEO, stated that PropFlow's technology, combined with Atlas's resources, will enable customers to pump at rates surpassing historical benchmarks."], ["20250729", "General Motors has become the top-selling EV automaker in Canada through the first half of 2025, leading the Canadian EV segment for three consecutive quarters. The company's EV market share significantly increased to 23.2%, driven by a broad portfolio of electric vehicles from Chevrolet, Cadillac, and GMC, with more than 60% of EV buyers being new to GM brands. Highlights include the Chevrolet Equinox EV's strong performance and Cadillac's leadership in luxury EV models."], ["20250729", "Li Auto Inc. has officially launched the Li i8, a six-seat battery electric family SUV, combining capabilities of off-roaders, sedans, and MPVs. It features a new high-voltage BEV platform with an in-house developed electric drive system, 5C battery pack, and China's largest super-charging network. The Li i8 will be available in Pro, Max, and Ultra trims, with deliveries starting in August 2025, and boasts advanced safety features and smart assisted driving systems."], ["20250728", "OMS Energy Technologies Inc. announced strong financial results for fiscal year 2025, reporting total revenues of $203.6 million, a gross margin of 33.9%, and an operating profit of $59.9 million. These results mark the company's first earnings announcement as a publicly listed entity, with management attributing the growth to disciplined execution, expanded gross margins, and new customer acquisitions. Excluding a one-time bargain purchase gain from fiscal 2024, the underlying profitability demonstrates robust growth momentum."], ["20250728", "NIO Inc.'s third brand, FIREFLY, has delivered 10,000 units of its compact BEV model, the firefly, just three months after its market launch. Positioned as a premium small EV brand targeting the affordable segment, the firefly offers two styling variants starting from 119,800 yuan, or 79,800 yuan with the BaaS battery subscription. The vehicle features intelligent design, biomimicry aesthetics, and a 42.1kWh battery providing a 420km CLTC-rated range."], ["20250728", "This Simply Wall St page provides an overview of Scage Future (NasdaqGM:SCAG), detailing its stock performance, key financial metrics, company description, and recent news. The company, founded in 2019 and headquartered in Nanjing, China, develops and commercializes heavy-duty new electric vehicle (NEV) trucks and e-fuel solutions. Financial data indicates low risk with weak fundamentals, showing negative earnings and profit margins."], ["20250728", "Kautex Textron, an American diversified company, has secured a significant contract with a major automotive OEM for its full-BEV thermoplastic composite lower battery housing unit. This innovative Pentatonic product line offers lightweight, customizable EV solutions that provide advantages over traditional metal counterparts, including lower cost, reduced carbon footprint, and enhanced performance. This marks Kautex's second Pentatonic business win, following successful serial production of an underbody protection skid plate and extensive road testing across various regions."], ["20250728", "Thor Motor Coach has announced significant upgrades to its 2026 Class C motorhome lineup, focusing on enhanced comfort, functionality, and smart solutions. Models such as the Four Winds, Chateau, Quantum, and Echelon ESpec will feature redesigned interiors and enhanced exterior paint options. Additionally, new floor plans like the 28G and features like expandable solar ports and improved blind spot detection are being introduced."], ["20250728", "Transportadora de Gas del Sur (TGS) was the sole bidder in the tender for the expansion of the Perito Moreno Gas Pipeline (formerly N\u00e9stor Kirchner Gas Pipeline), a project estimated at $500 million. This initiative, declared of public interest by the Argentine government, aims to increase the gas pipeline's transport capacity to 35 million cubic meters per day, generating significant economic benefits by substituting energy imports. It represents the first public work financed by private investment under the current administration, combining a public tender for one section with TGS's own regulated works."], ["20250728", "TFI International Inc. (TFII-T) reported a decrease in second-quarter profit due to reduced volumes caused by weak market demand. The trucking firm's net income dropped to US$98.2-million from US$115.7-million a year earlier, with revenue also declining. Despite the challenging conditions, CEO Alain B\u00e9dard noted the company's ability to perform, pay dividends, and buy back shares."], ["20250728", "The General Leobardo C. Ruiz International Airport in Zacatecas (AIZ) reported a 12.9% increase in passenger traffic in June 2025 compared to June 2024, as per Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte (OMA). This growth places Zacatecas among the top three airports in OMA's network for annual increase. Both national and international passenger numbers saw significant rises, with national passengers growing by 19.1% and international by 6.3%."], ["20250728", "H.C. Wainwright analyst Amit Dayal has reiterated a \"Buy\" rating for Microvast Holdings (MVST) with a $3.00 price objective, citing the company's strong financial performance and technological advancements. Microvast saw significant revenue growth of 43.2% in Q1 2025, largely driven by sales in the EMEA region, and improved gross margins. The company's innovative solid-state battery 3D printing technology and a substantial backlog further support confidence in its future growth potential."], ["20250728", "Ramaco Resources, Inc. (NASDAQ: METC, METCB) will release its second-quarter 2025 financial results after the market closes on Thursday, July 31, 2025. The company will then host an investor conference call and webcast on Friday, August 1, 2025, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time to discuss these results, with key executives participating. Ramaco Resources specializes in operating and developing high-quality metallurgical coal in West Virginia and Virginia, and also recently discovered a major rare earth deposit at its Wyoming mine."], ["20250728", "Cheniere Energy, the largest U.S. and second-largest global LNG producer, plays a crucial role in international energy security through its liquefaction and export operations. The company's revenue primarily comes from long-term contracts, providing stable income, though a small portion is from spot market sales. Cheniere is expanding its capacity and diversifying its gas supply, positioning itself for continued growth despite risks like geographical concentration and asset aging."], ["20250728", "Lear Corp. reported a 9% decrease in adjusted net income for the second quarter, totaling US$188 million, attributing the drop to significant expenses related to plant automation and global workforce reduction. Despite flat revenue of US$6 billion, the company highlighted new business wins in seating and electrical systems, along with USMCA compliance mitigating tariff impacts. Lear also detailed substantial job cuts and anticipated savings from its ongoing automation strategy."], ["20250728", "Joby Aviation, Inc. has announced a significant expansion of its Marina, California site to double aircraft production capacity to 24 aircraft per year, which will create new jobs and support commercial operations. The company is also ramping up operations at its Dayton, Ohio site to manufacture and test components, aiming for an eventual production capacity of 500 aircraft per year. This expansion supports the overall scale-up of commercial operations and Joby's efforts in reimagining urban mobility."], ["20250728", "This Simply Wall St article provides an overview of Covenant Logistics Group (NYSE:CVLG), highlighting its current stock price of US$28.15 and an analyst consensus target of US$33.00, suggesting it is undervalued. The company's strategy focuses on specialized, higher-margin contracts and operational efficiency to drive growth, alongside disciplined capital allocation for shareholder value. Key financial details, recent earnings, and competitor information are also presented."], ["20250728", "Ioneer Ltd (INR, IONR) has announced a significant increase in the ore reserve at its Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-Boron Project, quadrupling to 247 million tonnes and extending its mine life to 95 years. The company also secured US$16 million in funding through a placement to advance the project and initiated a strategic partnering process with Goldman Sachs. With compelling project economics and a solid financial position, Ioneer expects a final permitting decision in Q3 2025."], ["20250728", "Despite earlier plans for a full merger failing due to cultural and priority clashes, Honda and Nissan are deepening their partnership in response to Trump Administration trade policies and the significant capital investment required for software-defined vehicles. Their collaboration focuses on standardizing vehicle software development, infotainment platforms, and exploring optimized manufacturing facilities, particularly for light-truck production in the U.S. This strategic alliance aims to share costs and capital, addressing both technological advancements and potential tariff impacts."], ["20250728", "The article analyzes Frontline plc's debt levels, noting it had US$3.67 billion in debt in March 2025, with net debt of US$3.23 billion. Despite a significant market capitalization, the company's interest cover is weak at 2.1, and EBIT declined by 22% over the last year, raising concerns about its ability to service its debt. The analysis concludes that Frontline has too much debt, making it a risky investment due to negative free cash flow generation and declining earnings."], ["20250728", "Vertical Aerospace's VX4 electric air taxi prototype successfully completed the world's first airport-to-airport flight for a full-scale, piloted winged tilt-rotor eVTOL designed for commercial service. The flight, which covered 17 miles, reached speeds of 115 mph and an altitude of 1,800 feet, demonstrating the aircraft's integration with real-world airport operations. While a significant milestone, the VX4 is not yet type-certified for commercial use."], ["20250728", "Diana Shipping has chartered its kamsarmax vessel, Astarte, to Propel Shipping at a reduced daily rate of $12,500, marking a softer fixture compared to its previous employment at $14,000. The contract begins on August 2, 2025, and is expected to generate approximately $4.68 million for Diana Shipping over the firm period. This deal follows a recent ultramax charter with Cargill for the New York-listed dry bulk company."], ["20250728", "Canadian National Railway Co. has lowered its 2025 earnings per share growth forecast and removed its 2024-26 financial outlook due to ongoing trade uncertainty and tariffs. Despite a slight increase in profit, the company experienced a one percent decrease in cargo volumes in Q2. CN leadership emphasized a focus on cost control and protecting margins amidst these \"uncertain times.\""], ["20250728", "The CHS Inc. grain terminal at the Port of Duluth-Superior, in operation for almost a century, is scheduled to close by the end of August, leading to 25 layoffs. The company cited shifts in grain flow and a lack of critical mass of grain through the port as reasons for the closure. This news comes as grain shipments from the port have been declining and after another grain facility was acquired by Hansen-Mueller Company to restart operations."], ["20250728", "Brookfield Asset Management is uniquely positioned to dominate the AI era by focusing on owning, operating, and financing the essential physical infrastructure and energy required by artificial intelligence. Its strategy leverages its foundation as an owner-operator of real assets, integrated infrastructure and renewable power platforms, and proprietary intelligence from its vast global ecosystem. The article contrasts Brookfield's \"picks, shovels, and power\" approach with competitors like Blackstone and KKR, emphasizing the enduring value of controlling the foundational grid for the AI industry, despite significant challenges like power gridlock and execution risk."], ["20250728", "Boeing's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle (OTV) is preparing for its eighth mission, OTV-8, with launch scheduled no earlier than August 21 from Florida's Space Coast. This mission will expand its experimental capacity by including a service module to host new technologies, such as high-bandwidth inter-satellite laser communications and the highest-performing quantum inertial sensor ever tested in space. These demonstrations aim to enhance the U.S. Space Force's capabilities in resilient space architectures and robust navigation in GPS-denied and deep space environments."], ["20250728", "Argan, Inc.'s subsidiary, Atlantic Projects Company (APC), has secured an engineering, procurement, and construction services contract for the Platin Power Station in County Meath, Ireland, with SSE Thermal. This project involves three Siemens Energy SGT-800 turbines, aiming to provide approximately 170 MW of generation capacity by 2028. The collaboration signifies a continued partnership between APC and SSE, focusing on strengthening Ireland's energy security and supporting its net-zero objectives."], ["20250728", "Epsilon Energy Ltd. announced it will release its second quarter 2025 earnings on August 13, 2025, after market close, and will host a conference call on August 14, 2025, at 10:00 a.m. Central Time to discuss the results. The company highlighted potential positives like transparency and broad access to information through webcasts, while also noting potential negatives such as inconvenient timing for some investors. Additionally, the article provides recent insider trading and hedge fund activity data related to EPSN."], ["20250728", "U.S. GoldMining Inc. commends the State of Alaska's plans to develop the West Susitna Access Project (WSAP), a 78.5-mile road that will connect the Whistler Gold-Copper Project to existing infrastructure in the greater Anchorage region. This infrastructure initiative is expected to stimulate economic growth and provide year-round public access to remote lands and resource development areas. Company CEO Tim Smith highlights the project's importance for accessing critical minerals like copper, aligning with both federal and state support for domestic supply."], ["20250728", "Global Ship Lease (NYSE:GSL) currently has a market capitalization of US$1.4 billion and a fair value estimate of US$37.67, suggesting it is 0.4% overvalued. The article presents various analyst perspectives on GSL's future, considering structural shifts in trade, decarbonization pressures, and favorable supply-demand dynamics in the midsize containership segment. Key financial details and recent updates, including a price target increase and new risk factors, are also highlighted."], ["20250728", "This article provides an overview of Cmb.Tech (ENXTBR:CMBT) stock performance, valuation, and key financial details. It highlights the company's focus on low carbon shipping and offshore wind catalysts as drivers for future earnings. The stock is currently trading at \u20ac11.92, which is 13.8% overvalued compared to the analyst consensus fair value of \u20ac10.48."], ["20250728", "Clearway Energy, Inc. (CWEN.A) has a market capitalization of US$7.5 billion and is currently trading with a perceived 7.4% undervaluation against an intrinsic fair value of US$38.00. The company, which operates in clean energy generation, is noted for its strong project pipeline and diversified assets, positioning it for sustained growth. Recent financial data indicates US$1.4 billion in revenue with a gross profit of US$899.0 million, and it reported earnings per share of $1.40 for the period ending December 31, 2025."], ["20250728", "C.H. Robinson Worldwide (CHRW) is preparing to report its Q2 earnings, with analysts expecting a 7.2% year-on-year revenue decline to $4.16 billion and adjusted earnings of $1.16 per share. The company missed revenue expectations last quarter but beat EBITDA and adjusted operating income estimates. Investors in the transportation and logistics segment have shown positive sentiment, with CHRW's stock up 5.8% over the last month."], ["20250728", "EON Resources Inc. (NYSEAM:EONR) has a market capitalization of US$20.7 million. The company's stock price experienced a decline of 21.44% over seven days and three months. EON Resources, founded in 2017 and headquartered in Houston, Texas, focuses on oil and natural gas properties in the Permian Basin and recently announced a new independent director while also reporting a delayed 10-Q filing."], ["20250728", "Ranger Energy Services, Inc. (RNGR) announced strong Q2 2025 results, with revenue rising 2% year-over-year to $140.6 million and diluted EPS jumping 52% to $0.32. The company also unveiled its new hybrid electric workover rig, Ranger ECHO, featuring battery-powered operations and regenerative braking, with two rigs already secured for deployment by Q3. Ranger attributes its consistent financial performance to its strong presence in the Permian Basin and strategic capital investments, alongside a commitment to shareholder returns through a dividend and share repurchase program."], ["20250728", "This article provides a brief overview of Delixy Holdings Limited (NasdaqCM: DLXY), an investment holding company involved in wholesale trading of crude oil and oil-based products. It highlights the company's financial details including revenue, profit margins, and debt-to-equity ratio, along with recent news and competitor information. The stock price has seen a significant decrease of 80.40% over the last year."], ["20250728", "Tesla is expanding its robotaxi service area in Austin, Texas, as announced by CEO Elon Musk. The expansion follows an initial limited rollout to a select group of influencers and Tesla fans in June. This move is part of the embattled automaker's priority to boost sales and profitability amidst plummeting global figures, with future plans to launch services in the San Francisco Bay Area after regulatory approvals."], ["20250728", "flyExclusive announced the immediate waiver of a lock-up agreement for 5,625,000 shares of its Class A common stock and warrants for 4,333,333 shares owned by EG Sponsor LLC. This action is intended to position flyExclusive for inclusion in the Russell Indices, which the company believes will increase volume and liquidity for its shareholders and support future capital raising efforts. The lock-up had been in effect for over 18 months and was originally set to expire in December 2026."], ["20250728", "Baytex Energy Corp (BTE) recently saw its stock rise by 4.59% following positive market reactions to strategic partnerships and its participation in the EnerCom Denver conference. Analysts maintain an \"Outperform\" rating despite a revised price target, highlighting the company's financial resilience with $999M operating revenue and $791M gross profit, alongside strategic moves like extending credit facilities. While the company faces challenges such as $2.1B long-term debt and short-term liquidity concerns, its effective inventory turnover and strategic capital management suggest it remains a noteworthy player for investors."], ["20250728", "Pony AI and WeRide are competing for dominance in China's robotaxi market, with Pony AI currently outperforming WeRide in investor confidence and commercialization efforts. Both companies recently expanded their robotaxi services into a major part of Shanghai and are increasing their service hours, showcasing rapid technological advancement. Despite Uber's interest in both companies, and significant cash reserves for both, profitability remains a challenge, and the long-term leader in this race is yet to be determined."], ["20250728", "This article provides an overview of Chord Energy Corporation's stock price, analyst price targets, and community narratives regarding its valuation. It details differing analyst opinions on the company's future value based on factors like operational efficiency, market conditions in the Williston Basin, and the impact of global decarbonization efforts. The article also includes key financial details, recent news, and compares Chord Energy to its competitors."], ["20250728", "This article provides an overview of ChargePoint Holdings (NYSE:CHPT) stock performance and various analyst narratives. It highlights the company's current stock price, fair value estimates ranging from US$5 to US$10.19, and key financial metrics. The narratives discuss potential growth drivers, such as EV charging expansion and software focus, as well as risks like regulatory uncertainty and competition."], ["20250728", "This article provides a brief overview of CBL International (BANL) stock performance and key financial details. The marine fuel logistics company, founded in 2015, shows a market cap of US$11.8m and reported recent earnings of -US$3.2m. The stock price has seen a significant decrease of 56.73% over the last seven days, currently at US$0.44."], ["20250728", "This article provides an overview of Wheels Up Experience Inc. (NYSE:UP) stock price and company details. It highlights recent financial performance, key metrics like revenue and earnings, and a brief description of the company's private aviation services. The article also mentions recent news and competitor information, noting a significant price plummet for the stock."], ["20250728", "Perkins Coie advised Pyrophyte Acquisition Corp. II, a special purpose acquisition company, on its $200.4 million initial public offering. The units, priced at $10.00 each, include a partial exercise of the underwriters\u2019 over-allotment option and began trading on the NYSE under \"PAII.U\" on July 17, 2025. Pyrophyte II plans to seek business combinations primarily within the energy sector."], ["20250728", "NextEra Energy Resources expanded its renewables backlog by 3.2 GW, reaching a total of 29.5 GW as of July 23, 2025. This growth is largely driven by demand from technology and data center customers, particularly AI-focused hyperscalers. Despite policy shifts like the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA), NextEra continues to see robust demand for renewables, with its subsidiary Florida Power & Light also planning significant solar and storage additions."], ["20250728", "The Fidelity Clean Energy ETF (FRNW) has shown strong performance recently, largely due to its top holding, GE Vernova (GEV). FRNW is up 16.18% year-to-date through June 27, 2025, and 7.91% in the past month. GE Vernova, which spun off from General Electric in April 2024, specializes in energy transition solutions, including natural gas turbines, and is well-positioned for growth driven by increasing global electricity demand and decarbonization efforts."], ["20250728", "Alliance Resource Partners, L.P. (ARLP) reported Q2 2025 financial results, showing total revenue of $547.5 million, net income of $59.4 million, and Adjusted EBITDA of $161.9 million. The company increased coal sales volumes by 6.8% year-over-year and added 17.4 million committed and priced sales tons for 2025-2029. ARLP declared a quarterly cash distribution of $0.60 per unit and updated its 2025 guidance, citing strong domestic thermal market fundamentals and favorable regulatory changes for fossil fuels."], ["20250728", "Ares Management Corporation announced a joint venture with Savion, a subsidiary of Shell plc, to form Tango Holdings, LLC. This new entity will focus on supporting and managing solar energy development in the United States, starting with 496 megawatts of Savion-developed solar projects in four states. The venture aims to bolster electricity supply in key U.S. markets and deliver returns for investors by leveraging Ares' investment experience and Savion's operational expertise in power generation."], ["20250728", "The uranium sector is poised for significant growth driven by global energy demands and supportive U.S. policies like President Trump's executive orders to quadruple nuclear capacity by 2050. This article compares two prominent uranium players, Cameco (CCJ) and Uranium Energy (UEC), assessing which offers a better investment opportunity. While Cameco offers stability and consistent performance as a large, established miner, Uranium Energy presents higher growth potential with increased risk, aligning with U.S.-focused policy trends."], ["20250728", "HighPeak Energy, Inc. will release its second-quarter 2025 financial and operating results on August 11, 2025, after market close. The company will also hold a conference call and webcast on August 12, 2025, for investors and analysts to discuss these results. HighPeak Energy focuses on oil and natural gas reserves in the Midland Basin of West Texas."], ["20250728", "PAMT Corp., parent company of PAM Transport Inc., reported a wider second-quarter net loss of $9.1 million, compared to a $2.9 million loss a year ago, with revenue decreasing by 17.4% to $151.1 million. For the first half of 2025, the company's losses totaled $17.7 million, with overall revenue down 16.14%. This financial downturn also saw a change in leadership, with interim CEO Matthew Moroun replacing Joe Vitiritto in June."], ["20250728", "According to the Financial Times, Baker Hughes is close to acquiring Chart Industries for $13.6 billion in cash, surpassing rival Flowserve. This potential deal would replace Chart's previous $19 billion merger agreement with Flowserve. The acquisition would value Chart at a 22% premium over its market value, as Baker Hughes aims to expand its natural gas and LNG sectors."], ["20250728", "Mullen Automotive Inc. has officially changed its name to Bollinger Innovations, Inc. and updated its Nasdaq ticker symbol to \"BINI,\" effective today, July 28, 2025. This rebranding unifies their commercial Class 1, 3, and 4 electric vehicles under a single brand. The company, now Bollinger Innovations, Inc., continues to focus on manufacturing commercial EVs in the U.S., including the CARB and EPA certified ONE and THREE models, and has expanded its dealer network."], ["20250728", "Brenmiller Energy Ltd. has entered into a securities purchase agreement with Alpha Capital Anstalt for up to $25 million in equity financing. The agreement includes an initial closing of $1.2 million, with an additional $3.8 million pending shareholder approval, and further investment rights for Alpha Capital totaling up to $20 million. The proceeds will be allocated for general corporate purposes, working capital, and advancing Brenmiller's commercial thermal energy storage projects across Europe, the U.S., and the Middle East."], ["20250728", "This article provides an overview of Ryde Group (NYSEAM:RYDE) stock price performance, fair value analyses from community contributors, and recent company news. It highlights the stock's significant appreciation over the past year, community narratives discussing potential undervaluation, and the company's strategic moves like investing in electrification and recent funding acquisition. Financial details, including revenue, earnings, and key ratios, are also presented."], ["20250728", "WeRide (WRD) has been granted an autonomous driving permit in Saudi Arabia, marking its sixth such license globally. This development has led to significant retail investor optimism on Stocktwits, with some predicting the stock could reach $20. WeRide plans to launch a full-scale commercial robotaxi service in Saudi Arabia by year-end in partnership with Uber, building on existing pilot operations and testing in the region."], ["20250728", "LOBO EV Technologies Ltd. is in advanced negotiations with Strattners, a financial group, for a potential equity financing facility. Strattners intends to offer LOBO up to $10 million in capital over three years, positioning itself as a long-term strategic partner. This investment aims to support LOBO's general corporate purposes, including working capital, capital expenditures, product development, and expansion initiatives."], ["20250728", "Ranger Energy Services has announced the development of the industry's first Hybrid Double Electric Workover Rig, known as ECHO rigs. These rigs are being converted from existing designs at a lower cost than building new ones and are designed for zero emissions when connected to well site power. Two ECHO rigs are already under construction and contracted with major U.S. operators, with delivery expected in Q3 2025."], ["20250728", "This article provides an overview of Vantage Corp (NYSEAM:VNTG), a Singapore-based shipbroking company. It highlights recent financial details, stock performance (showing a significant decline), and news regarding its acquisition of a 60% stake in Peijun Marine Consultant Co., Limited to expand its presence in Asia. The article also notes a new minor risk related to a substantial drop in the company's profit margins."], ["20250728", "Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation announced it will release its second quarter 2025 financial results on Tuesday, August 5, 2025, at 7:00 a.m. C.D.T., followed by a conference call at 9:00 a.m. C.D.T. Investors and analysts can pre-register for the call, which will also be webcast live on the company's website. The company also provided an overview of its operations as the largest provider of dredging services in the United States."], ["20250728", "Electrovaya Inc. (Nasdaq:ELVA)(TSX:ELVA) announced it will release its Q3 2025 financial results on August 13, 2025, after market close. This will be followed by a conference call at 5:00 p.m. EST on the same day with CEO Dr. Raj DasGupta and CFO John Gibson to discuss the results and provide a business update. Details for the conference call and replay are provided."], ["20250728", "FTAI Aviation Ltd. (NasdaqGS: FTAI) completed the acquisition of Pacific Aerodynamic, Inc. during the second quarter of 2025. FTAI Aviation specializes in owning and managing commercial jet engines, primarily focusing on CFM56 and V2500 engines, and also has an Aerospace Products segment that manufactures and repairs aftermarket components. The company's stock is rated as a \"BUY\" by analysts with an average target price significantly higher than its last closing price."], ["20250728", "Electrovaya Inc. (Nasdaq:ELVA)(TSX:ELVA) announced that it will file and release its third-quarter financial results for the period ending June 30, 2025, after market close on Wednesday, August 13, 2025. This will be followed by a conference call at 5:00 p.m. EST on the same day, featuring CEO Dr. Raj DasGupta and CFO John Gibson. The call will discuss financial results and provide a business update for investors and media."], ["20250728", "Vantage Corp, a shipbroking company, announced its financial results for fiscal year 2025, detailing a challenging operating environment that led to a decline in revenue. Despite this, the company affirmed confidence in its long-term strategy, which includes regional expansion into Dubai, upcoming plans for China, and future exploration of the US and Europe, along with a focus on M&A and investment in staff. The report also highlighted the company's data and technology-driven approach, including its proprietary platform Opswiz, and the significance of its recent NYSE American listing in June 2025 to support global expansion and capital access."], ["20250728", "The largest shipping company servicing Hawai\u02bbi, Matson, has suspended new bookings for electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles due to fire risks from lithium-ion batteries. This decision comes despite Hawai\u02bbi's efforts to reach net-zero emissions by 2045, which includes incentives for EVs. While Pasha Hawai\u02bbi continues to ship these vehicles, the suspension raises concerns about potential shipping delays and price increases for EVs in the state, though Matson hopes to resume transport once safety solutions are implemented."], ["20250728", "This article provides an overview of PermRock Royalty Trust (NYSE:PRT), detailing its stock performance, key financial metrics, and recent news. The company has a market cap of US$42.7 million and operates in the Permian Basin, focusing on oil and natural gas producing properties. Financial highlights include US$6.0 million in revenue and 100.00% gross margin."], ["20250728", "This article provides key financial details and performance metrics for INNEOVA Holdings (INEO), noting its moderate risk and slightly overvalued status. It details the company's operations in distributing automotive and industrial spare parts globally, including its various brands, and lists recent news and competitors."], ["20250728", "Union Pacific Corp. (UP) and Norfolk Southern Corp. are in \"advanced discussions\" regarding a potential merger. This merger would combine two of North America's major freight railroads, creating a transcontinental rail network that could benefit grain shippers through single-line service, although it might also reduce competition in some areas. The potential deal follows speculation and previous rail consolidations, and is subject to approval by the US Surface Transportation Board."], ["20250728", "This article provides an earnings roundup for several Texas companies, highlighting how a turbulent economic spring in 2025 impacted their second-quarter results. Companies like Valero Energy, Tesla, AT&T, American Airlines, Southwest Airlines, Union Pacific, Baker Hughes, Halliburton, SLB, and Tenet Healthcare reported mixed financial outcomes, often beating or meeting analyst expectations despite revenue declines or profit dips, with many expressing caution about future market conditions."], ["20250728", "Southwest Airlines, once known for its unique low-cost model, is transitioning towards a premium upsell strategy due to financial struggles and pressure from activist investors like Elliott Investment Management. This shift involves adopting practices common among legacy carriers, such as charging for checked bags, introducing assigned seating, and offering extra-legroom seats for a fee. While aiming to boost short-term profits, these changes risk alienating Southwest's loyal customer base and eroding its distinctive brand identity in a competitive market where it lacks long-haul and widebody capabilities."], ["20250727", "VinFast Auto India has inaugurated its first showroom in Surat, Gujarat, marking a significant step in establishing its retail presence and electric mobility ecosystem in India. The dealership, promoted by Chandan Car, will showcase VinFast's upcoming VF 6 and VF 7 premium electric SUVs, with pre-bookings already open. This move precedes the inauguration of VinFast's EV manufacturing plant in Thoothukudi, Tamil Nadu, underscoring the company's commitment to the Indian market as a strategic hub for EV production and its broader expansion goals across Asia."], ["20250727", "Valaris Limited announced new contracts and extensions for its drilling fleet, adding over $1.0 billion to its contract backlog, bringing the total to approximately $4.7 billion. Key awards include significant extensions for drillships VALARIS DS-16 and DS-18 with Anadarko Petroleum, and jackup VALARIS 110 offshore Qatar. The report also details fleet status updates, including a contract suspension for VALARIS 120 and the agreed sale of VALARIS 247 for $108 million."], ["20250727", "This report analyzes how Duke Energy's AI strategy positions it for dominance in the utilities sector, especially with the surge in electricity demand from generative AI. Duke Energy's massive scale, regulated business model, and aggressive $83 billion capital plan, coupled with strategic partnerships and innovative regulatory frameworks, create a unique competitive advantage. The company is actively implementing AI across its operations for grid modernization, predictive maintenance, and efficient management of renewable energy, distinguishing its approach from competitors focused on more siloed AI applications."], ["20250727", "Brookfield Corporation is strategically positioning itself to dominate the AI era by focusing on the physical infrastructure required for the digital revolution, rather than competing in AI algorithm development. Its \"asset-heavy\" strategy involves owning and operating power generation, digital real estate (data centers), and critical supply chains (semiconductors). This approach leverages Brookfield's integrated model, landmark partnerships with tech giants like Microsoft and Intel, and its proprietary \"Brookfield Ecosystem\" to generate sustainable long-term value from the AI gold rush."], ["20250727", "Edison International (EIX) is considered undervalued due to market fears surrounding wildfires, despite its strong fundamentals as a regulated utility with significant growth potential. The company's financial exposure to wildfire liabilities is mitigated by California's Wildfire Fund and substantial risk-reduction investments. EIX is positioned for steady rate base and EPS growth through California's electrification mandates, supported by a large capital expenditure plan, making it an attractive investment compared to peers."], ["20250726", "This article provides an overview of the Defiance AI & Power Infrastructure ETF (AIPO) traded on NASDAQ. It details the fund's price, performance, key statistics like AUM and expense ratio, and its investment focus on US-listed companies involved in AI and power infrastructure. The ETF utilizes a passive strategy to track the MarketVector US Listed AI and Power Infrastructure Index, with quarterly rebalancing."], ["20250725", "President Trump's executive order on AI data centers signifies a major governmental backing for the AI industry, classifying supporting infrastructure as a national priority. This policy change aims to fast-track development, attract significant private investment, and address the massive energy demands of next-generation AI models. The article suggests this marks the beginning of a new industrial age in the U.S., driven by data and compute power, with early investors positioned for substantial rewards."], ["20250725", "Companhia Energetica de Minas Gerais \u2013 CEMIG (CIG) has launched a BRL 6.3 billion modernization plan for 2025 aimed at upgrading its infrastructure and accelerating Brazil's energy transition. The plan includes investments in smart meters, grid resilience, advanced systems, and an expansion into renewable energy, notably with solar plants launching in July 2025. This initiative is part of a broader strategy involving digital transformation and smart grid integration to improve efficiency and service reliability."], ["20250725", "Textron Aviation Inc. announced an agreement with Infinity Flight Group for the purchase of 10 additional Cessna Skyhawk aircraft, slated for delivery in 2027. This order brings Infinity Flight Group's total Cessna Skyhawk fleet expansion to 35 aircraft over the last three years, enhancing its capacity to train future aviators. The new aircraft will feature a dual electronic ignition system, and the Cessna Skyhawk continues to be a popular choice for flight training due to its reliability and performance, celebrating its 70th anniversary this year."], ["20250725", "Sasol Chemicals and German startup INERATEC have signed a Letter of Intent for Sasol's next-generation Fischer-Tropsch catalyst. This new catalyst, expected by 2026, aims to increase e-kerosene yield by 15% at INERATEC's ERA ONE plant, which currently produces 2,500 tons of e-fuels annually. The collaboration also extends to the CARE-O-SENE project, supporting the advancement of sustainable aviation fuels and the large-scale commercialization of SAF."], ["20250725", "SkyWest Inc. announced strong Q2 2025 earnings with a net income of $120 million, a significant increase from the previous year. The company reported a 19% revenue increase and reduced its total debt. SkyWest is also expanding its fleet with new E175 aircraft for Delta Air Lines and United Airlines, aiming for nearly 300 E175 aircraft by 2028, positioning itself for long-term growth and capitalizing on regional flying demand."], ["20250725", "Institutional investors hold a significant 53% stake in NexGen Energy Ltd. (TSE:NXE), making them the largest shareholder group. The stock's 6.1% gain in the past week, contributing to an 18% one-year return, is viewed positively by these large owners. While institutional ownership implies credibility, the article highlights the potential vulnerability of the stock price to their trading decisions, especially since the top 25 shareholders account for 44% of the company."], ["20250725", "NETSCOUT SYSTEMS, INC. announced that its InfiniStreamNG solution achieves double-digit energy savings in data centers by using an intentionally efficient design and architecture. This streamlined approach centralizes capabilities, reducing electricity consumption by 23% and operational costs without compromising performance. The company also highlights its commitment to sustainability by setting science-based emissions reduction targets for its own operations."], ["20250725", "Energy Vault has successfully completed and commenced commercial operation of the 57 MW Cross Trails Battery Energy Storage System (BESS) in Scurry County, Texas, ahead of schedule. This project, the first under Energy Vault\u2019s \"Own & Operate\" strategy, will provide energy and ancillary services to the ERCOT region under a 10-year offtake agreement with Gridmatic. The BESS utilizes Energy Vault\u2019s B-VAULT AC system and VaultOS Energy Management System, demonstrating the company's ability to efficiently deploy complex energy storage solutions."], ["20250725", "Snow Lake Energy has commenced its initial exploration drill program at the Pine Ridge Uranium Project in Wyoming, a 50/50 joint venture with Global Uranium and Enrichment Limited. The project, located in the prolific Powder River Basin, aims to define high-priority drill targets to establish a maiden mineral resource estimate before the end of 2025. The drilling campaign involves approximately 38,000 meters and is supported by a received permit from the Wyoming DEQ, with the goal of contributing to increased domestic uranium production in the U.S."], ["20250725", "American Honda Motor Co., Inc. has launched Honda Insurance Solutions, a new licensed insurance agency, in partnership with VIU by HUB. This initiative provides Honda and Acura customers with multi-line coverage for automobiles, motorcycles, RVs, and homes, alongside digital quoting tools and agent support. The service also offers optional OEM parts coverage, aligning with a broader trend of automakers integrating insurance to enhance customer engagement and support vehicle ownership."], ["20250725", "Forward Air Corp. is reportedly at the center of a private equity bidding war, with firms like Clearlake Capital, Platinum Equity, EQT, Apollo Global Management, and AIP placing bids. This development comes after a strategic review initiated in January, in the wake of the tumultuous $2.1 billion acquisition of Omni Logistics, which led to significant stock price collapse and shareholder dissatisfaction. The company is looking to finalize the strategic review process in the coming weeks, and its stock has recently seen a substantial increase, reflecting expectations of a sale."], ["20250725", "BW LPG India, a subsidiary of global LPG vessel owner BW LPG Ltd, has secured a $215 million term loan from five banks in GIFT City. This financing will be used to refinance existing debt and acquire two new Very Large Gas Carriers (VLGCs), 'BW Pampero' and 'BW Chinook,' for approximately $75 million each. The acquisition aims to renew and expand India's largest VLGC fleet to meet the country's growing demand for LPG, while also benefiting from tax exemptions provided by the GIFT City for interest payments."], ["20250725", "Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico SAB de CV (GAP/B) reported adjusted earnings of $2.70 per share for the quarter ending June 30, missing analyst expectations of $2.78 per share but higher than the previous year. Revenue increased by 32.6% to $558.58 million, surpassing the estimated $507.84 million. Analysts currently rate the shares as \"hold,\" with a median 12-month price target of $250.00."], ["20250725", "The Ohio affiliate of Chesapeake Utilities Corp., Aspire Energy Express, will build an intrastate natural gas pipeline in Central Ohio. This pipeline will supply a new fuel cell facility, which in turn will provide on-site electric power to a data center. The project aims to find a workaround for the massive energy needs of data centers."], ["20250725", "Kansas regulators have approved a 9% rate increase for Black Hills Energy natural gas customers, leading to a nearly $6 monthly increase for residential users. This decision, approved by the Kansas Corporation Commission, is based on a settlement agreement that will raise base rates by $10.8 million, less than the company's initial request. The new rates are set to take effect on August 1 and also include a nearly $3 million refund to customers from excess deferred income tax."], ["20250725", "LOBO EV Technologies Ltd. (Nasdaq: LOBO) has issued a statement addressing recent market activity, including increased trading volume and a decline in its share price. The company confirmed that there have been no material changes to its business operations or strategic direction that would explain these movements and is not aware of any undisclosed material information. LOBO encourages investors to rely on official company disclosures and exercises caution in evaluating market activity."], ["20250725", "Baker Hughes Co's Chairman, President, and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli, sold 526,568 shares for over $23 million on July 23, 2025. Additionally, Rebecca L Charlton, SVP, Controller & CAO, sold 500 shares for $22,500 on July 24, 2025, executed under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. These transactions highlight significant executive stock sales within the company."], ["20250725", "Entergy's board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.60 per share on the company's common stock, payable on September 2, 2025, to shareholders of record as of August 13, 2025. The utility company, an NYSE-listed Fortune 500 entity, has consistently paid cash dividends since 1988."], ["20250725", "ASP Isotopes Inc. (ASPI) stock has seen an 8.28% increase due to positive market sentiment, driven by its acquisition of Renergen and progress in producing Silicon-28 and Ytterbium-176. Despite these promising developments and a recent $60M share offering, the company faces significant operating losses and cash management challenges, raising questions about its long-term financial stability. Investors are weighing the potential for growth in the helium and isotope markets against concerns about stock dilution and profitability."], ["20250725", "Saia Inc. reported a decline in Q2 2025 profit and revenue due to a muted freight volume environment. The less-than-truckload carrier posted net income of $71.4 million, down from $102.5 million a year prior, with total revenue sliding 0.7% to $817.1 million. CEO Fritz Holzgrefe attributed the dip to the broader macroeconomic landscape and cautious customer approach, despite strong results in newer markets and efforts to optimize variable costs and network efficiency."], ["20250725", "Amplify ETFs announced a net asset value (NAV) adjustment for the Breakwave Tanker Shipping ETF (BWET) on July 23, 2025, increasing it by $0.1465 per share due to a security pricing error. The revised NAV for BWET is $10.8364, up 1.37% from the original $10.6899. This adjustment is a one-time correction, and no further NAV changes are anticipated."], ["20250725", "ConocoPhillips (COP) possesses a strong balance sheet with significantly lower debt-to-capitalization compared to the industry average, enabling it to withstand volatile oil and natural gas prices. The company's substantial cash and liquid investments provide healthy liquidity, and its A-rated balance sheet ensures access to capital during challenging business environments. Competitors Exxon Mobil and Chevron also demonstrate robust financial health, further highlighting the industry's ability to manage commodity price fluctuations."], ["20250725", "Private equity firms Warburg Pincus and Berkshire Partners have successfully acquired Triumph Group Inc. The acquisition is strategically aimed at expanding Triumph Group's focus on advanced composites and engineered polymer components within the aerospace industry, addressing a growing demand in this sector."], ["20250725", "Navios Maritime Partners L.P. has announced the delivery of the Nave Perseus, a new 2025-built Aframax/LR2 Product Tanker. This vessel is designed with environmentally friendly technology and Framo Pumps for energy efficiency. The company has taken delivery of multiple such newbuildings in early 2025, chartered under multiyear contracts at daily rates of $25,000-$26,300."], ["20250725", "The article evaluates the Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Energy ETF (RSPG) as a potential investment, highlighting its smart beta strategy, expense ratio, and sector exposure. It details RSPG's performance, top holdings like Valero Energy Corp, and compares it to alternative energy ETFs such as Vanguard Energy ETF (VDE) and Energy Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLE). The piece serves as a guide for investors interested in the Energy ETFs segment, providing key financial metrics and a general overview of the fund."], ["20250725", "CenterPoint Energy Inc. (NYSE: CNP) is selling its Ohio gas business to concentrate on its Texas operations. This strategic move will allow the company to reallocate nearly $1 billion in capital expenditures through 2030 to support the growing energy needs in its Texas jurisdictions. CEO Jason Wells stated that the sale will efficiently recycle cash proceeds to bolster continually increasing investment programs in Texas."], ["20250725", "Pembina Pipeline Corp. has reached a settlement with shippers regarding fees and revenue sharing for its Alliance pipeline. The agreement is expected to reduce the company's annual revenue from the pipeline by $50 million, with additional reductions stemming from a new revenue-sharing component tied to natural gas prices, potentially amounting to another $40 million annually under their main price assumption. Pembina acquired full ownership of the Alliance pipeline last year in a $3.1 billion deal."], ["20250725", "SkyWest (SKYW) reported strong Q2 2025 financial results, surpassing earnings and revenue estimates due to significant demand and new contracts with major airlines. The company's success is attributed to effective cost control, fleet flexibility, and the ability to repurpose older jets, leading to industry-leading margins and a robust balance sheet. SkyWest's prudent management and strong relationships with airline partners contribute to consistent results despite industry challenges."], ["20250725", "Three major oil service companies, Halliburton, SLB, and Baker Hughes, reported declining oil field revenues in the second quarter due to soft oil prices and economic uncertainty. Halliburton and SLB saw net income declines of 33 percent and 9 percent respectively, while Baker Hughes' oil field service business dropped by 10 percent. The companies, which are crucial to oil and gas production, are feeling the impact of reduced drilling activity and fluctuating crude oil prices."], ["20250725", "The New Hampshire Public Utilities Commission is set to decide on Eversource Energy's request for a $103 million annual increase in distribution rates and a \"performance-based\" regulatory overhaul. Consumer advocates oppose the plan, arguing it would shift financial risk to consumers, reduce regulatory oversight, and disproportionately harm low-usage customers with a proposed 43.4% increase in the fixed monthly residential charge."], ["20250725", "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, despite not paying dividends itself, invests in several high-yielding stocks. The article highlights three top holdings \u2014 Kraft Heinz, Sirius XM, and Chevron \u2014 and seven additional high-yield stocks held by Berkshire's \"secret portfolio\" via New England Asset Management (NEAM). Among these, Realty Income (O) is identified as the best due to its reliable and consistently growing dividend, supported by a stable business model focused on non-discretionary tenants."], ["20250725", "Oceaneering International reported significant year-over-year growth in revenue, operating income, and net income for Q2 2025. The company's President and CEO, Rod Larson, attributed this success to new contract awards, strong execution in offshore projects, and advancements in ROV day rates. Oceaneering also provided a positive outlook for Q3 2025, expecting continued revenue and operating profitability increases for most segments."], ["20250725", "Crescent Energy, an Eagle Ford and Uinta Basin oil and gas producer, is integrating recent acquisitions, including SilverBow Resources and Ridgemar Eagle Ford assets. The company, with a $3.0 billion market cap, pays a 5.2% dividend, hedges, and recently refinanced some debt at 8.375%. Crescent also simplified its equity structure by converting all Class B to Class A, though KKR still holds 10% ownership and manages the company."], ["20250725", "Union Pacific Corp. (UP) and Norfolk Southern Corp. have confirmed they are in \"advanced discussions\" regarding a potential merger, which would combine the largest and smallest of the US's six major freight railroads. If completed, the merger would create a transcontinental rail network, benefiting grain shippers with single-line service but potentially reducing competition. The deal is subject to approval by the US Surface Transportation Board."], ["20250725", "CF Industries Holdings Inc. has started a carbon dioxide dehydration and compression facility at its Donaldsonville Complex in Louisiana, enabling the transportation and permanent geological sequestration of up to 2 MTPA of CO2. ExxonMobil, as the CCS partner, will be storing the CO2, initially through enhanced oil recovery and later transitioning to dedicated permanent storage like the Rose CCS project. This initiative marks a significant step in CF Industries' decarbonization efforts, aiming to produce 1.9 MTPA of low-carbon ammonia and qualify for 45Q tax credits."], ["20250724", "SolarBank has officially announced a name change to PowerBank Corporation. This rebranding reflects the company's commitment to building the next generation of clean energy infrastructure. The new name aims to better align with its expanded vision and operational scope in the rapidly evolving clean energy sector."], ["20250724", "Peabody Energy Corporation (NYSE: BTU) saw its share price surge by over 16% this week, driven by China's crackdown on coal overmining and new U.S. legislation. The Chinese government's inspections in major coal hubs aim to curb excessive production, while President Trump's \"Big, Beautiful Bill\" mandates more federal land for mining and provides tax credits for metallurgical coal. The article suggests that while BTU has potential, certain AI stocks might offer better upside with less risk."], ["20250724", "Eco Wave Power Global AB has signed an agreement with Africa Great Future Development Ltd (AGFDL) to conduct a feasibility study for a wave energy power station at the Port of Ngqura, South Africa. This marks Eco Wave Power's entry into the African market, aiming to address South Africa's energy challenges and tap into its significant wave energy potential. The collaboration highlights the potential for wave energy to provide clean, reliable power and expands Eco Wave Power's international project pipeline."], ["20250724", "Valero Energy surpassed Wall Street's second-quarter earnings estimates, driven by strong refining margins despite an operating loss in its renewable diesel segment. The company reported a profit of $2.28 per share, exceeding analyst expectations, and saw an increase in refining operating income. Valero also outlined plans to operate refineries at 94% capacity in Q3 2025, while confirming the pending closure of its Benicia refinery next year."], ["20250724", "The article highlights the increasing energy demands from AI data centers, which are projected to more than double electricity consumption by 2030, and posits that nuclear power is the only scalable, carbon-free solution. It suggests the Global X Uranium ETF (URA) as an optimal investment to gain diversified exposure to the nuclear fuel supply chain, mitigating the risks associated with individual uranium stocks. The ETF offers comprehensive exposure to companies involved in uranium mining, nuclear component production, and related technologies, capitalizing on the \"nuclear renaissance\" driven by AI and climate commitments."], ["20250724", "The Argentine government has extended Transportadora Gas del Sur's (TGS) natural gas transportation service license for an additional 20 years, ensuring its operation until December 2047. This marks the first such extension for a regulated company in the sector, following an evaluation by Enargas and a public hearing. TGS had previously announced a five-year investment plan of over $362,000 million by 2029, reinforcing the significance of this license extension."], ["20250724", "The Argentine government has extended the license for Transportadora de Gas del Sur (TGS) to provide public gas transportation services for an additional 20 years, now valid until December 28, 2047. TGS, which operates over 9,000 kilometers of pipelines and transports more than 60% of Argentina's natural gas, secured the extension by demonstrating fulfillment of investment obligations, maintaining service efficiency, and avoiding significant interruptions. This decision solidifies TGS's role as a central operator in the national energy infrastructure and was formalized via Decree N\u00b0 495/2025 following an agreement signed on July 11, 2025."], ["20250724", "The Argentine government has extended the license of Transportadora de Gas del Sur (TGS) by 20 years, allowing it to operate until December 2047. TGS, a major gas pipeline operator managing over 9,000 kilometers of pipelines, had its license prolonged due to its fulfillment of investment obligations, low penalty rates, and consistent service quality. This decision ensures the continuity of natural gas transportation services in the southern region of Argentina."], ["20250724", "The Argentine government has extended Transportadora de Gas del Sur's (TGS) public natural gas transport service license for another 20 years, until 2047. The decision, formalized by Decree 495/2025, requires TGS to drop all pending legal, administrative, or arbitration claims against the State to ensure the agreement's validity. This extension aims to provide legal and operational predictability for a strategic service crucial to Argentina's energy supply and export projects."], ["20250724", "A new analysis by S&P Global Commodity Insights revealed that the methane emissions intensity of oil and gas production in the Permian Basin decreased by over 50% between 2022 and 2024. This reduction, attributed to improved operations and advanced technologies, led to a 29% decline in methane emissions intensity in 2024 alone. The analysis, based on high-frequency observation data, highlights the global significance of these reductions, equating to 28.8 million tons of carbon dioxide emissions avoided over two years."], ["20250724", "Sunrun and Tesla Electric have partnered to offer a new all-in-one electricity plan for Texas homeowners. The plan, available to Sunrun Flex enrollees, bundles rooftop solar, Tesla Powerwall battery storage, and a flat-rate electricity plan designed to maximize value and resiliency against grid issues. This collaboration aims to simplify energy management and provide predictable costs for solar-plus-storage customers in Texas's competitive electricity market."], ["20250724", "Pembina Pipeline Corporation announced that its subsidiary, Alliance Pipeline, has reached a negotiated settlement with shippers for the Canadian segment of the Alliance Pipeline. This settlement, which includes a new 10-year term and reduced tolls for long-term firm service, is now awaiting approval from the Canada Energy Regulator (CER). The agreement aims to provide toll certainty, align interests between Alliance and its shippers, and includes a one-time option for existing shippers to extend their terms."], ["20250724", "This article highlights NRG's infrastructure preparations for extreme weather conditions. It outlines how the company is working to ensure resilience against severe weather events."], ["20250724", "NextEra Energy believes it is well-positioned to navigate potential challenges from the Trump administration's \"One Big Beautiful Bill Act,\" which is expected to eliminate certain tax credits for renewable energy projects. CEO John Ketchum stated during an earnings call that the company's continuous construction allows them to secure tax credits through 2029, potentially increasing their market share as smaller competitors face rising costs. Despite this optimism, analysts expressed skepticism, leading to a nearly 5% dip in NextEra's stock, though the company did beat second-quarter earnings estimates."], ["20250724", "NextEra Energy, Inc. (NYSE: NEE) announced that its board of directors declared a regular quarterly common stock dividend of $0.5665 per share. The dividend is set to be paid on September 15, 2025, to shareholders of record as of August 28, 2025. This declaration highlights the company's commitment to returning value to its shareholders."], ["20250724", "Marathon Petroleum introduced racial diversity hiring goals into its employee bonus programs in 2021, while simultaneously removing a safety metric from those calculations. This shift caused concern among employees and coincided with a series of significant safety incidents and fatalities at Marathon facilities. Critics argue that prioritizing diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) over safety created a culture where crucial safety considerations were deprioritized, leading to adverse consequences."], ["20250724", "SolarBank Corporation announced its rebranding to PowerBank Corporation, effective July 28, 2025, to better reflect its broader focus on power and energy solutions beyond solar. The company's stock symbols (NASDAQ: SUUN), Cboe CA (SUNN), and FSE (GY2) will remain unchanged, and shareholders are not required to take any action. This strategic shift aims to position the company as a trusted provider of power for the growing digital economy."], ["20250724", "Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation (NASDAQ: GLDD) has launched the Acadia, the first U.S.-flagged, Jones Act-compliant subsea rock installation vessel, at Hanwha Philly Shipyard. This vessel is designed for critical scour protection for subsea infrastructure and has already secured contracts through late 2026, including for the Empire Wind I offshore wind farm. The launch signifies a major step for the U.S. offshore wind industry and Hanwha Philly Shipyard, which recently acquired the historic shipyard and is expanding its orderbook."], ["20250724", "Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation has launched its new subsea rock installation vessel, Acadia, signaling its entry into the offshore energy industry. The Acadia, capable of carrying 20,000 metric tons of rock for scour protection, will begin operations for the Empire Wind 1 offshore wind farm near New York and has contracted work through 2026. This vessel is central to the company's offshore energy growth strategy, supporting subsea infrastructure protection for cables and wind turbine foundations."], ["20250724", "Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation (GLDD) has launched the Acadia, the first US-flagged, Jones Act-compliant subsea rock installation vessel. The vessel, expected to be delivered in early 2026, will be capable of installing up to 20,000 tonnes of rock for subsea infrastructure protection. The Acadia will begin operations immediately after delivery, starting with the Empire Wind I offshore wind farm."], ["20250724", "TechnipFMC's shares surged to a decade high after the company projected generating $10 billion or more in subsea orders for the current year and a similar trajectory for 2026. This outlook highlights growing optimism for offshore oil production, contrasting with slowing growth in the shale sector. The strong performance, including higher-than-expected Q2 orders and adjusted earnings, indicates a robust demand for deepwater equipment and services."], ["20250724", "Teekay Tankers has partnered with marine fuels supplier Burando Energies to utilize B100 ISCC-certified FAME residue biofuel on several vessels operating in the Amsterdam-Rotterdam-Antwerp (ARA) region. This move signifies a major step in deep-sea decarbonization, following earlier successful trials with a 30% biofuel blend. The full deployment of this \"fully renewable marine fuel\" highlights a transition from testing to robust commercial operations."], ["20250724", "Ford has announced that its Super Duty, Mustang, and Lincoln Nautilus models have received JD Power APEAL Awards. These awards recognize vehicles that owners find the most appealing based on their emotional attachment and level of excitement. This achievement highlights Ford's success in designing vehicles that resonate positively with consumers."], ["20250724", "Energy Transfer LP announced an increase in its quarterly cash distribution to $0.33 per common unit for the second quarter ended June 30, 2025. This represents a more than 3 percent increase compared to the second quarter of 2024 and will be paid on August 19, 2025, to unitholders of record as of August 8, 2025. The company also plans to release its second-quarter earnings on August 6, 2025, following the market close, and will host a conference call to discuss the results."], ["20250724", "Clean Energy Fuels has completed the sale of $29.5 million in investment tax credits through its joint venture, CE bp Renew. This transaction finalizes the monetization of ITCs from six operating renewable natural gas (RNG) projects, including four dairy RNG facilities in the U.S. These projects are estimated to produce 3.9 million gallons annually of negative carbon-intensity RNG for heavy-duty transportation, reinforcing Clean Energy's role in the clean fuel sector."], ["20250724", "Blink Charging (NASDAQ: BLNK) has scheduled its second quarter 2025 earnings conference call for Thursday, August 7, 2025, at 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time, with financial results to be released after market close on the same day. Investors can access the live webcast or join via phone using provided dial-in numbers, and a replay will be available until September 6, 2025. On the day this news was published, BLNK experienced a moderate negative market reaction, declining by 4.92%."], ["20250724", "The Kansas Corporation Commission (KCC) has approved a settlement allowing Black Hills Energy to increase natural gas rates by nearly 9% for customers in Kansas. This will result in an approximate increase of $5.96 per month for residential customers, effective August 1. The increase aims to help Black Hills Energy recover costs for providing natural gas service."], ["20250724", "Hawaiian Airlines and Alaska Airlines are combining their loyalty programs next month after Alaska Airlines acquired Hawaiian Airlines in September of last year. The new combined program will launch in August, replacing Alaska's Mileage Plan, while HawaiianMiles will transition on October 1st. Members' miles will automatically transfer, and current credit card benefits and the \"Huaka\u2018i by Hawaiian\" program for residents will continue."], ["20250724", "AirJoule, inspired by Chinese electric bus technology, aims to transform data center waste heat into reusable water. Their system uses metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) to efficiently harvest water from the air, offering a sustainable solution for data center cooling and local water supply. AirJoule, a joint venture between Montana Technologies and GE Vernova, seeks to demonstrate a working unit this year and address global water supply challenges while reducing power consumption in data centers."], ["20250724", "This Yahoo Finance page provides a comprehensive overview of the Defiance AI & Power Infrastructure ETF (AIPO), including its current stock price, historical data, performance metrics, and key events. It details the ETF's objective to track companies involved in AI and power infrastructure and lists its sector weightings and top holdings. The page also features related tickers and market data."], ["20250724", "Union Pacific reported a strong second-quarter adjusted profit of $1.8 billion, exceeding expectations, amidst intensifying merger speculation with Norfolk Southern. The potential tie-up to create a transcontinental railroad faces significant regulatory scrutiny, despite investor optimism fueled by Union Pacific's earnings. Such a merger would combine the largest and smallest of major US railroads and would need to prove enhanced competition and public interest benefits to overcome high regulatory hurdles."], ["20250724", "SolarBank Corporation announced it will change its name to \"PowerBank Corporation\" to better reflect its expanded focus beyond solar to encompass broader power and energy solutions. The name change is effective July 28, 2025, but the company's stock symbols will remain unchanged. This move aligns with the company's strategic growth in providing power solutions for the digital economy."], ["20250724", "OMS Energy Technologies Inc. reported strong financial results for fiscal year 2025, with total revenues of $203.6 million and a gross margin of 33.9%. The company achieved an operating profit of $59.9 million and a net profit of $47.0 million. The positive performance was attributed to increased demand, improved cost discipline, and growing economies of scale, positioning OMS for continued growth in fiscal year 2026."], ["20250724", "Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste, S.A.B. de C.V. (ASUR) reported mixed results for Q2 2025, with total revenues increasing by 17.9% year-over-year despite a slight 0.1% decrease in total passenger traffic. The company saw commercial revenue per passenger rise by 6.3% but experienced a 41.6% drop in net income due to foreign exchange losses. ASUR maintains strong liquidity and is focused on strategic investments and operational efficiencies for future growth."], ["20250724", "Dorchester Minerals (NASDAQ:DMLP) announced a Q2 2025 cash distribution of $0.620216 per common unit, payable on August 14, 2025. This distribution is supported by Q2 financial highlights including $26.6 million from Royalty Properties, $3.1 million from Net Profits Interest, and $4.2 million from lease bonus and other income. The company also made its 2024 Schedule K-3 available for tax reporting and operates extensively across 28 states with various oil and natural gas interests."], ["20250724", "Cenovus Energy Inc. (TSX:CVE) (NYSE:CVE) will release its second-quarter 2025 results on Thursday, July 31, 2025. The company will also host a conference call and live audio webcast for analysts at 9 a.m. MT (11 a.m. ET) on the same day. Financial statements will be available on the company's website."], ["20250724", "Commercial Vehicle Group (CVG) has scheduled a quarterly conference call for August 5, 2025, to discuss its financial results for the second quarter of 2025. A press release and presentation will precede the call, which will be accessible via phone and webcast on CVG's investor relations website, with a replay available for two weeks. This announcement highlights the company's commitment to transparency and informing investors about its financial performance."], ["20250724", "This article summarizes a bullish thesis on Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte, S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB), a Mexican airport operator with a strong concession-based business model. Key points include its regional monopoly status, capital-light operations with strong free cash flow margins, and potential for upside with the upcoming Master Development Programs renewal. The company is positioned to benefit from nearshoring trends despite recent headwinds."], ["20250724", "Weatherford International, a significant player in the oilfield-services industry, demonstrates strong cost discipline which is reflected positively in its results. The company, while smaller than the \"Big Three\" in the industry, shows effective cash management and strategic pricing amidst industry challenges. This focus helps preserve its margin and cash flow."], ["20250724", "SolarBank Corporation, a North American energy infrastructure developer, is changing its name to PowerBank Corporation, effective July 28, 2025. This rebranding reflects the company's broadened strategy beyond solar to include diversified power and energy solutions, although its trading symbols will remain the same. The name change, approved by shareholders, does not affect the company's share structure, CUSIP exchange, or shareholder rights."], ["20250724", "Hedgeye's ETF Pro Plus program successfully predicted a 20% surge in copper prices in just six weeks, driven by data-driven signals and an inflation-accelerating regime. The article highlights copper's bullish trend, strong fundamental demand due to constrained supply, and its role as a core allocation in Hedgeye's strategy during inflationary periods. This success is attributed to Hedgeye's process of combining quantitative signals, fundamental analysis, and macro outlook rather than relying on narratives or predictions."], ["20250724", "The Argentine government has extended the license for Transportadora de Gas del Sur Sociedad An\u00f3nima (TGS) by 20 years, allowing the company to continue operating until December 28, 2047. TGS, a subsidiary of Pampa Energ\u00eda, plays a crucial role in the national energy infrastructure, transporting over 60% of the gas consumed in Argentina. The extension was granted after TGS demonstrated compliance with investment obligations, service standards, and regulatory requirements."], ["20250724", "General Electric (GE) completed two debt offerings totaling nearly US$2 billion in senior unsecured notes shortly after reporting strong second-quarter earnings and updating its share repurchase program. This move is seen as active capital management, supporting financial flexibility and growth initiatives, particularly in its aerospace division. While these actions underscore a commitment to shareholder returns, the primary investment risk for GE remains its concentrated dependence on the global aviation cycle, a factor unchanged by the recent financial activities."], ["20250724", "Group 1 Automotive forecasts increased tariff impacts in the latter half of 2025, despite performing well in the second quarter of the year. The company is cautiously preparing for potential disruptions due to these impending tariffs."], ["20250724", "Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp (WAB) reported adjusted earnings of $2.27 per share for the quarter ended June 30, surpassing analyst expectations of $2.17. While revenue rose 2.3% to $2.71 billion, it fell short of the anticipated $2.77 billion. Analysts maintain a \"buy\" rating on the shares with a median 12-month price target of $220.00."], ["20250724", "Solaris Energy Infrastructure announced its second quarter 2025 financial results, reporting significant growth in revenue and profitability, particularly in its Power Solutions segment. The company's revenue increased by 18% to $149 million, with net income at $24 million. Management expressed satisfaction with the performance and raised its Adjusted EBITDA guidance for the third and fourth quarters of 2025."], ["20250724", "This article provides detailed financial information for the iShares Energy Storage & Materials ETF (IBAT), including its current stock price, historical data, performance overview, and key metrics. It highlights the ETF's focus on companies involved in energy storage solutions, such as hydrogen, fuel cells, and batteries. The ETF has a substantial net asset value and has shown strong year-to-date and 1-year returns, alongside its sector weightings."], ["20250724", "Sky Quarry, a Utah-based company focused on recycling asphalt roofing shingles and extracting oil from oil sands, has launched a crowdfunding campaign through its subsidiary, Foreland Refining Corp. The company aims to raise funds for refinery upgrades, operational efficiency improvements, and future integration of recycled heavy oil, noting its current revenue generation from petroleum production in Nevada. Sky Quarry also expresses support for legislative efforts in Washington related to digital assets and blockchain technology, viewing its revenue-linked structure as adaptable for future decentralized finance platforms."], ["20250724", "San Miguel Corp. (SMC) has finalized its acquisition of Land Bank of the Philippines' 3.8-percent stake in Manila Electric Co. (Meralco) for P3.9 billion. This transaction, which involved SMC subsidiary San Miguel Global Power Holdings Corp. (SMGP) purchasing 43.23 million common shares, marks the completion of a long-delayed deal dating back to 2008. The Court of Appeals had previously ruled that Landbank breached its obligation to sell these shares to SMGP, ordering the transaction's completion."], ["20250724", "Halliburton Co. announced plans to retire or idle equipment and relocate underperforming assets to address a softer-than-expected oil and gas market. CEO Jeff Miller indicated that customers are cutting spending due to weak oil prices and global economic uncertainty caused by trade wars, impacting both North American and international operations. The company reported a decline in North American revenue and expects international revenue to also fall, with tariffs further impacting profits."], ["20250724", "SLB has secured a contract with the Northern Endurance Partnership (NEP), a joint venture of BP PLC, Equinor ASA, and TotalEnergies SE, to develop a carbon storage site in the North Sea. The project involves deploying SLB's Sequestri carbon storage solutions to build six storage wells as part of the East Coast Cluster initiative. This infrastructure is designed to facilitate the transportation and permanent storage of up to one billion metric tons of CO2, with operations expected to begin in 2028."], ["20250724", "NextEra Energy (NYSE:NEE) has declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.5665 per share, payable on September 15, 2025, to shareholders of record as of August 28, 2025. The company, one of North America's largest electric power and energy infrastructure firms, operates through subsidiaries Florida Power & Light Company and NextEra Energy Resources, providing diverse energy solutions. This stable dividend payment underscores the company's financial consistency and its broad customer base."], ["20250724", "Blue Bird Corporation (NASDAQ: BLBD), a leader in electric and cleaner-emission school buses, announced it will release its fiscal 2025 third-quarter results on August 6, 2025. The company will host an audio webcast with President and CEO John Wyskiel and CFO Razvan Radulescu to discuss the results, with a slide presentation available to support the webcast. The webcast is scheduled for 4:30 PM ET and details will be accessible via the Investor Relations section of Blue Bird's website."], ["20250724", "Traders are making a significant, leveraged bet on uranium mining stocks, indicated by a massive surge in call options for the Sprott Uranium Miners ETF (URNM). This bullish activity is driven by anticipation of strong earnings from Cameco, a new high-grade discovery by Denison Mines, and renewed strength in uranium spot prices. The long-term outlook for nuclear energy, fueled by demand for carbon-free power and AI data centers, underpins this investment, with URNM uniquely positioned to capitalize on these trends."], ["20250724", "Halliburton CEO Jeff Miller has indicated an expectation for a \"softer\" oilfield services market in the short to medium term, despite strong second-quarter 2025 financial results. The company reported significant increases in net income, total revenue, and operating income compared to the first quarter of 2025. Miller emphasized Halliburton's strategic focus on international markets, technology, and service execution to navigate the anticipated market conditions."], ["20250724", "Liberty Energy Inc. (NYSE: LBRT) reported strong second quarter 2025 financial results, with revenue of $1.0 billion and net income of $71 million, or $0.43 EPS, despite softening industry completions activity. The company also highlighted advancements in its digiPrime technology and PropX slurry pipe system, as well as strategic collaborations in power generation for data centers and industrial developments. Liberty plans to modestly reduce its deployed fleet count while maintaining a strong balance sheet and pursuing growth opportunities in power."], ["20250724", "American Airlines has revised its 2025 profit outlook downwards and released a third-quarter forecast that falls below Wall Street expectations. The airline attributes these adjustments to factors such as domestic consumer weakness, flat corporate travel demand, and operational issues caused by storms. Despite beating second-quarter earnings and revenue estimates, the carrier anticipates a potential per-share loss for the full year 2025."], ["20250724", "Ryder System, Inc. reported strong second quarter 2025 results, with GAAP EPS up 11% to $3.15 and comparable EPS also up 11% to $3.32, driven by a resilient contractual portfolio and strategic initiatives. The company increased its full-year 2025 free cash flow forecast by $500 million, now expecting $900 million to $1 billion. Ryder's CEO highlighted consistent double-digit EPS growth and a 17% adjusted return on equity, demonstrating the strength of their transformed business model despite challenging market conditions in some areas."], ["20250724", "NexGen Energy Ltd. has exercised its Right of First Refusal to acquire Rio Tinto's 10% production carried interest over 39 mineral claims in the Southwest Athabasca Basin, including those that host the Patterson Corridor East (PCE) discovery. This acquisition consolidates NexGen's ownership to 100% of its entire portfolio of projects, including the Arrow and PCE deposits. CEO Leigh Curyer stated that this move aligns with NexGen's strategic objective to become a leader in uranium production, especially given the structural deficit in the uranium market and growing demand for nuclear energy."], ["20250724", "Beam Global (Nasdaq: BEEM) announced a significant 21% increase in its Energy Storage Solutions (ESS) revenue for the first half of 2025 and secured a new $2 million purchase order from a major ESS customer, which is expected to be recognized as revenue by the end of 2025. This growth is attributed to repeat orders, the acquisition of three new major clients including a Fortune 500 automotive company, and the company's expansion into Europe and the Middle East. Beam Global's AllCell\u2122 solutions, featuring patented PCC\u2122 technology, are highlighted for their superior thermal management and safety features, positioning the company for continued growth in the rapidly expanding ESS market."], ["20250724", "Moody's Ratings has upgraded Pampa Energ\u00eda S.A.'s credit rating from 'Caa1' to 'B2' with a stable outlook, following an improvement in Argentina's credit rating. This upgrade reflects positively on Pampa Energ\u00eda\u2019s financial stability and market perception. Analysts currently rate PAM stock as a Hold with an $80.00 price target, while TipRanks\u2019 AI Analyst, Spark, deems it a Neutral, citing strong financial performance despite cash flow challenges."], ["20250724", "This article compares Energy Transfer (ET) and Western Midstream Partners (WES) as dividend stock options, both being large master limited partnerships (MLPs) with high distribution yields and stable cash flows. While both are strong contenders, Energy Transfer is highlighted as the better choice due to its greater diversification, which reduces risk and provides more growth potential for investors seeking a sustainable and growing income stream."], ["20250724", "Heartland Express, Inc. reported a net loss of $10.9 million for the second quarter of 2025 and $24.7 million for the first six months, reflecting a challenging industry environment with excess capacity and weak freight demand. Despite the losses, the company generated positive cash flow from operations, investing in its fleet, reducing debt, and repurchasing shares. Management anticipates material improvements in freight demand and pricing later in 2025, with a more positive outlook for 2026."], ["20250724", "CenterPoint Energy Inc. has released its Q2 2025 Form 10-Q report, detailing financial and operational performance for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025. The company reported a slight increase in total revenue but a decrease in operating income, net income, and basic/diluted earnings per common share compared to the previous year. Key business highlights include revenue contributions from Electric and Natural Gas segments, operations in Texas, Indiana, and Ohio, and the acquisition of Posey Solar to expand renewable energy capacity."], ["20250724", "BofA Securities downgraded Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (EXPD) from \"Neutral\" to \"Underperform\" on July 11, but slightly increased its price target from $117 to $118. The downgrade is primarily due to rapidly falling containership rates, even though EXPD's stock had risen 16% since early April. BofA projects flat earnings growth for EXPD in the near term, with only about 5% EPS growth expected in 2026, leading to an expectation of muted share performance."], ["20250724", "This article provides an analysis of the Defiance AI & Power Infrastructure ETF (AIPO), detailing its investment focus on US-listed companies generating revenue from AI and power infrastructure. It covers key statistics such as Assets Under Management (AUM), dividend yield, expense ratio, and identifies its top holdings and investment strategy. The ETF tracks the MarketVector US Listed AI and Power Infrastructure Index and employs a passive, rules-based approach to weighting its holdings across various sectors."], ["20250724", "Global Partners LP (NYSE: GLP) announced it will release its second-quarter 2025 financial results before the market opens on Thursday, August 7, 2025. A conference call for investors and analysts will be held at 10:00 a.m. ET, hosted by Eric Slifka, Gregory B. Hanson, and Mark Romaine. The call can be accessed via phone or through the \"Events & Presentations\" section of the company's investor relations website, https://ir.globalp.com."], ["20250724", "Valero announced reduced earnings for both its ethanol and renewable diesel segments. The article highlights this financial performance and provides context within the broader renewable fuels industry through related news and upcoming events, such as conferences focused on biomass, carbon capture, and sustainable fuels."], ["20250724", "TechnipFMC reported strong second-quarter 2025 results, with total company inbound orders of $2.8 billion and Subsea orders of $2.6 billion, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.2x. The company achieved significant financial performance including $261 million in free cash flow and $271 million in shareholder distributions, while also announcing a new iEPCI\u2122 collaboration agreement with V\u00e5r Energi for subsea developments in the Norwegian Continental Shelf. TechnipFMC reaffirms its 2025 full-year financial guidance, highlighting continued strength in offshore markets and diversified project awards."], ["20250724", "Halliburton Company more than doubled its net income in the second quarter of 2025, reporting $472 million compared to $204 million in Q1 2025. Despite strong earnings, the oilfield services market is softer than expected, prompting the company to announce adjustments. CEO Jeff Miller highlighted strategic growth engines and Halliburton's ability to outpace competitors in North America."], ["20250724", "The EPA has reached an agreement with Vistra Corp to begin the year-long cleanup of burned batteries at the Moss Landing facility, months after a significant fire. The agreement outlines over 30 safety plans and procedures Vistra must follow, including continuous air monitoring and an on-site firefighting company. Community concerns about environmental impact and worker safety are paramount, and Vistra will cover all cleanup costs."], ["20250724", "American Airlines reported record quarterly revenue of $14.4 billion in the second quarter of 2025, with GAAP net income of $599 million. The company highlighted strong performance in premium cabin demand and its AAdvantage loyalty program, alongside a resilient operational delivery despite increased disruptive events. American Airlines ended the quarter with $12 billion in total available liquidity and provided guidance for its third-quarter and full-year 2025 adjusted earnings per diluted share."], ["20250724", "LKQ Corp. reported a slight increase in net income to $192 million in Q2 2025, despite a 1.9 percent decrease in revenue to $3.6 billion compared to the previous year. The company has revised its 2025 outlook downward due to macroeconomic factors in North America and Europe, while implementing cost reduction measures and strategic initiatives to simplify its business and enhance efficiencies."], ["20250723", "Expro has launched its most advanced BRUTE\u00ae High-Pressure, High Tensile Packer System for deepwater wells, setting new industry standards for pressure and tensile performance. The BRUTE\u00ae Armor Packer offers unmatched versatility for 20k deepwater projects and has been successfully deployed, including a new 20\u201d/22\u201d Packer System addressing historical challenges with larger retrievable mechanical packers. This innovation positions Expro as a leader in deepwater solutions, providing flexibility, reducing operational risk, and enhancing efficiency for operators."], ["20250723", "Speculation is mounting about the potential privatization or federal takeover of the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) following recent attempts by the Trump administration to oust CEO Don Moul and influence the utility's board. Critics argue that this move could lead to higher electricity rates, environmental damage, and a shift away from renewable energy, while proponents, including Senators Blackburn and Hagerty, envision a nuclear renaissance for the utility. The situation highlights ongoing tensions surrounding TVA's leadership, its energy policies, and its future structure as a public entity."], ["20250723", "This article discusses the threat posed by the Scattered Spider hacking collective to the airline and transportation industries. It provides insights into the vulnerabilities (CVEs) targeted by this group, including Intel Ethernet Diagnostics Driver DoS, ForgeRock Access Management RCE, and VMware ESXi Auth Bypass. The author, April Lenhard from Qualys, offers recommendations for organizations to measure, communicate, and eliminate their risk through solutions like Qualys VMDR and CSAM."], ["20250723", "NiSource Inc. announced it will release its second-quarter 2025 financial results on August 6 before financial markets open. The company will also host a conference call on the same day at 11 a.m. EDT to discuss the results and provide a business update. A live webcast and replay of the call will be available on the NiSource website."], ["20250723", "NextEra Energy announced the release of its second-quarter 2025 financial results. These results are available on the company's website. The announcement highlights the St. Lucie Nuclear Power Plant in Florida and provides contact information for media inquiries."], ["20250723", "LiveWire Group, Inc. has partnered with Bartels\u2019 Harley-Davidson\u00ae Riding Academy in Marina del Rey to offer certified training on LiveWire\u2019s all-electric S2 motorcycles, making it the first new rider program in the U.S. to do so. This initiative aims to simplify rider education by removing the need for clutch and gear operation, allowing students to focus on fundamental riding skills. LiveWire plans to expand this electric motorcycle training to more locations nationwide, furthering its mission to make EV riding more accessible."], ["20250723", "Lucid Group has launched the Minerals for National Automotive Competitiveness Collaboration (MINAC) with critical mineral producers Alaska Energy Metals, Graphite One, Electric Metals, and RecycLiCo. This initiative aims to accelerate the development of domestic critical mineral resources and strengthen the U.S.-based automotive supply chain for EV manufacturing. MINAC will focus on advancing domestic mineral production through offtake agreements, resolving barriers to commercialization, expanding coordination between mining and automotive sectors, and supporting the procurement of domestically produced materials by U.S. automakers."], ["20250723", "KEPCO plans to invest $7 billion in power distribution infrastructure. This investment will extend through the year 2028."], ["20250723", "Kodiak Robotics, a leader in AI-powered autonomous vehicle technology, has appointed Mohamed Elshenawy, former President and CTO of Cruise LLC, to its board of directors. This strategic appointment strengthens Kodiak's technology and self-driving leadership in preparation for becoming a publicly listed company. Elshenawy brings over two decades of experience in AI, product, and engineering organizations, including scaling the first commercial driverless rideshare service in San Francisco during his tenure at Cruise."], ["20250723", "Joby Aviation, Inc. announced that it will release its second-quarter 2025 financial results after market close on Wednesday, August 6, 2025. The company will also host a webcast at 5:00 pm ET on the same day to discuss the results, which will be accessible via their website. A replay of the webcast will be available for those unable to attend live."], ["20250723", "IsoEnergy and Purepoint Uranium Group Inc. have reported significant progress at their Dorado joint venture project in Saskatchewan's Athabasca Basin. Drill hole PG25-07A extended the Nova Discovery uranium mineralization by 70 meters with a peak reading of 110,800 CPS over a 14.0-meter interval. The discovery remains open to the northeast, and the companies plan to resume drilling in the winter when ground conditions allow."], ["20250723", "Hafnia and several leading shipping and bunkering companies have launched a Bunkering Services Initiative to address fuel quantity shortages and quality opacity in the marine fuels industry. This voluntary initiative, initially focused on the Amsterdam-Rotterdam-Antwerp (ARA) hub, aims to establish a gold standard for bunkering operations through self-regulation, leveraging data, mass flow meters, blockchain for digital workflows, and verifiable fuel quality measurements. Lloyd's Register and ADP Clear Pte Ltd are partners in ensuring accountability and technological infrastructure for the initiative."], ["20250723", "Goodyear has launched the Assurance MaxLife 2, its longest-lasting all-season tire, now available in the U.S. and Canada. Engineered for everyday excellence and backed by an 85,000-mile (140,000 km) treadlife warranty, it features TredLife\u2122 Technology for long-lasting performance and all-season traction. This tire is designed for a wide range of popular vehicles, offering confidence and comfort for drivers."], ["20250723", "Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation has launched the Acadia, the first U.S. flagged, Jones Act-compliant subsea rock installation vessel, marking a major milestone in its Offshore Energy strategy. The Acadia is designed to install up to 20,000 metric tons of rock for subsea infrastructure protection and will begin operations soon with contracted work on the U.S. East Coast through 2026. This project has created over one million man-hours of jobs and will continue to employ U.S. mariners."], ["20250723", "Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation has launched the Acadia, the first U.S. flagged, Jones Act-compliant subsea rock installation vessel. This vessel is crucial for the company's Offshore Energy strategy, designed to install up to 20,000 metric tons of rock for scour protection for subsea infrastructure. The Acadia is expected to begin operations on the U.S. East Coast, starting with the Empire Wind I offshore wind farm, and will support both domestic and international offshore energy markets."], ["20250723", "EnerSys, an energy services provider, announced it would lay off approximately 575 employees, representing 11% of its non-production global workforce. These layoffs will primarily affect corporate and management positions, with the company anticipating $80 million in annualized savings starting in fiscal 2026. EnerSys expects to incur one-time charges of $15 million to $20 million related to the restructuring in the second and third quarters of fiscal 2026."], ["20250723", "Emerson's 2024 Sustainability Report highlights the company's commitment to aligning growth with ambitious climate goals through technological innovation. The report details significant reductions in Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions, progress towards net-zero operations by 2030, and initiatives in circularity, water stewardship, and biodiversity. Emerson leverages its technology and engineering expertise to help both itself and its customers achieve sustainability objectives across various industries."], ["20250723", "Southern California Edison announced a Wildfire Recovery Compensation Program for victims of the Eaton Fire, set to launch in the fall. The program aims to provide direct payments and fast resolutions for various losses, though the utility states it is not an admission of legal liability as the official investigation is ongoing. While Edison hopes to avoid lengthy litigation, victims and their attorneys express skepticism about the program's efficiency and fairness based on past experiences with similar initiatives."], ["20250723", "EDPR NA Distributed Generation and California Water Service have signed a 20-year Power Purchase Agreement for a 2.35-MW DC onsite solar array at Cal Water\u2019s Northeast Bakersfield Treatment Plant. This project aims to reduce the utility's environmental footprint and is expected to generate approximately 3,800 MWh of renewable energy annually. Cal Water anticipates $1.7 million in grid energy cost savings over the agreement term by utilizing this solar power."], ["20250723", "BWX Technologies Inc. has completed the installation of equipment for producing Uranium Nitride TRISO fuel for advanced reactors at its Lynchburg, Virginia facility. This development, including a new CVI furnace, is part of BWXT's Advanced Reactor Demonstration Program with the US Department of Energy and aims to enable the manufacture of a more cost-effective nuclear fuel with a longer reactor lifespan. The company plans to ramp up TRISO manufacturing to support its BANR microreactor program and meet market demand for advanced nuclear fuels."], ["20250723", "Mullen Automotive is changing its name to Bollinger Innovations and will also receive a new NASDAQ stock symbol, BINI. The company is rebranding its Oceanside, California, Commercial Vehicle Center to Bollinger Innovations Inc. This strategic move aims to consolidate their electric vehicle offerings, including the Mullen ONE, Mullen THREE, and Bollinger B4 Chassis Cab, under the Bollinger Innovations brand."], ["20250723", "Jon Plavnick has joined Ares Management Corporation as a partner in its infrastructure debt team, focusing on investments in the Americas. This article also details other significant personnel changes across several real estate and infrastructure firms, including Ferrovial, Savills, Cushman & Wakefield, Chancerygate, Ambrose, Citivale, Knight Frank, and Adirondack Capital Partners, featuring promotions and new hires in various departments and regions."], ["20250723", "Amplify Energy expects its C-08 well off the Eureka platform at its Beta field to begin production in August, marking a continuation of its drilling campaign there. This initiative is part of the company's strategy to simplify its portfolio, become more oil-weighted, reduce debt, and streamline operations. The new well follows four others brought online since mid-April 2024, contributing to a 35% increase in Beta oil production, and comes after Amplify received approval to resume operations post a 2021 oil spill."], ["20250723", "Amprius Technologies (NYSE: AMPX) announced it will hold a conference call and webcast on Thursday, August 7, 2025, at 5:00 p.m. ET to discuss its financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2025. Financial results will be released via press release prior to the call, which will be followed by a question-and-answer session with management. The company, a leader in next-generation lithium-ion batteries, encourages interested parties to register for the webcast or call in directly."], ["20250723", "Ameresco has launched a $30 million Phase 2 energy efficiency project with the University of Illinois Chicago (UIC), building on a decade-long partnership. This initiative involves upgrading HVAC infrastructure in two key campus buildings to reduce energy consumption and enhance sustainability. The project is expected to deliver over $1 million in annual energy and operational savings and significantly cut greenhouse gas emissions."], ["20250723", "WEX Inc. reported its second-quarter 2025 financial results, with GAAP net income at $1.98 per diluted share and adjusted net income at $3.95 per diluted share. Despite a 2% decrease in total revenue to $659.6 million, the company exceeded financial expectations, attributing performance to strong customer acquisition and effective cost management. WEX also provided forward-looking guidance for Q3 and full-year 2025, anticipating continued earnings growth for shareholders."], ["20250723", "NextEra Energy (NEE) reported Q2 2025 adjusted earnings of $1.05 per share, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 2.9% and growing 9.4% year-over-year. Despite this earnings beat, the company's operating revenues of $6.7 billion missed estimates by 7.28%, although they increased 10.4% year-over-year. The strong earnings performance was driven by solid operational results from its Florida Power & Light Company and NextEra Energy Resources segments, with significant investments and new renewables added to its backlog."], ["20250723", "Invest Green Acquisition (IGACU), a Special Purpose Acquisition Company (SPAC), has filed with the SEC for an initial public offering to raise $200 million. The company plans to offer 20 million units at $10 each, with units consisting of common stock and a right to receive a fraction of a share upon business combination. Led by Andrew McLean, Invest Green Acquisition targets the renewable energy, sustainable finance, and nuclear energy sectors and plans to list on Nasdaq."], ["20250723", "GE Vernova stock surged to a record high following strong Q2 earnings and an improved outlook, contributing to a broader rally in energy stocks. This rally also saw significant gains from Talen Energy after an energy auction, and a new energy partnership between Oklo and Liberty Energy."], ["20250723", "Covenant Logistics Group reported second-quarter 2025 earnings of $0.36 per diluted share, or $0.45 non-GAAP adjusted, with year-over-year freight revenue growth of 7.8% to $276.5 million. The company repurchased $35.2 million in common stock and saw strong growth in its Managed Freight segment, although the Expedited segment experienced a decrease in revenue and the Warehousing segment faced margin pressure from cost increases and new business inefficiencies. The outlook suggests a slowly improving freight market and continued focus on strategic growth and acquisitions."], ["20250723", "Smart Sand, Inc. has announced a special cash dividend of $0.10 per share on its common stock, payable on August 14, 2025, to stockholders of record as of August 4, 2025. This decision reflects the company's ongoing strategy to return value to shareholders while focusing on cost management and efficiency. Smart Sand is a fully integrated frac and industrial sand supplier, providing products and logistics solutions for both hydrocarbon recovery and various industrial applications."], ["20250723", "Transocean Ltd. (RIG) saw its stock price increase by 9.47% to close at $2.89, rallying ahead of its Q2 earnings announcement scheduled for August 4th. The company also announced a total contract backlog of $7.2 billion across four offshore drilling rigs and successfully exchanged $157 million in senior guaranteed exchangeable bonds for 59 million shares, reducing outstanding bonds to $77 million. The article also mentions the company's recommendation for a more promising AI stock with higher upside potential than RIG."], ["20250723", "The first U.S.-flagged, Jones Act-compliant subsea rock installation vessel, the Arcadia, was floated out at Hanwha Philly Shipyard, marking a milestone despite construction delays. Owned by Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation, the vessel is designed to install up to 20,000 metric tons of rock for scour protection, initially for offshore wind, but its strategy has expanded to include oil and gas pipeline and telecom cable protection. The vessel is expected to be delivered early next year and has contracts through 2026 for projects like Equinor\u2019s Empire Wind I and \u00d8rsted\u2019s Sunrise Wind."], ["20250723", "Navigator Holdings Ltd. and Amon Maritime have formed a joint venture, Navigator Amon Shipping AS, to construct two ammonia-fuelled liquefied ammonia carriers with a capacity of 51,530 cubic meters each. These vessels, also capable of transporting LPG, are scheduled for delivery in June and October 2028 and will operate under five-year time charter agreements, supported by grants from the Norwegian government. The partnership aims to accelerate low-emission maritime transportation and meet the growing demand for sustainable shipping solutions."], ["20250723", "ArcelorMittal has reiterated its commitment to hydrogen-based steel production, even with significant delays in its Dunkirk project. The company has not yet utilized an \u20ac850 million subsidy meant for the initiative. This reaffirmation comes despite a slower-than-expected transition to green steel in Europe."], ["20250723", "This article evaluates the First Trust Natural Gas ETF (FCG), highlighting its passive management, low costs, and exposure to the Energy - Natural Gas sector. Despite its benefits as a long-term investment vehicle, the ETF is currently ranked as a \"Strong Sell\" by Zacks due to recent underperformance and high risk. Investors are advised to consider alternative options within the Energy ETFs segment."], ["20250723", "FedEx Freight has announced a 150-day delay in enforcing new National Motor Freight Classification (NMFC) updates, pushing the effective date to December 1, 2025. This decision aims to provide customers with ample time to adapt their processes and pricing to the new density-based classification system, which replaces the previous commodity-based model. The changes, introduced by the National Motor Freight Traffic Association, standardize density scales and reclassify over 2,000 items to better reflect actual shipping costs and streamline the less-than-truckload (LTL) freight market."], ["20250723", "JetBlue is expanding its services at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL), adding new year-round, nonstop flights to Atlanta, Austin, Norfolk, and Tampa, and increasing daily flights on existing routes. The airline is also significantly expanding its premium Mint experience on routes to Las Vegas, Los Angeles, and Phoenix, making it the only carrier to offer domestic lie-flat service from FLL. These enhancements highlight JetBlue's commitment to FLL as a key focus city and gateway, with further connectivity planned through a collaboration with United Airlines."], ["20250723", "Acacia Research Corporation announced it will release its second quarter 2025 financial results before market open on August 6, 2025. The company will also host a conference call on the same day at 8:00 a.m. ET to discuss the results. Interested parties can access the call via phone or webcast, with a replay available on their investor relations website."], ["20250723", "J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (NASDAQ:JBHT) announced a regular quarterly dividend of $0.44 per common share. The dividend will be payable to stockholders of record on August 8, 2025, and will be paid on August 22, 2025. The company's vision is to create the most efficient transportation network in North America, leveraging its extensive fleet and digital freight marketplace."], ["20250723", "Alliant Energy Corporation published its latest Corporate Responsibility Report (CRR), detailing sustainability data for 2024. The report highlights the company's balanced energy mix, employee engagement, and positive community impact, including over $9 million in contributions and 80,000 volunteer hours in 2024. President and CEO Lisa Barton emphasized the company's commitment to growth, resilience, and measurable value for customers and communities."], ["20250723", "FTC Solar, Inc. announced it will release its second quarter 2025 financial results before market open on Tuesday, August 5, 2025. The company will also hold a conference call and webcast at 8:30 a.m. E.T. on the same day to discuss its results, outlook, and other business items. A replay of the webcast will be available on their investor relations website for 30 days."], ["20250723", "Indonesia Energy Corporation (IEC) announced plans to drill two wells, \"Kruh-29\" and \"West Kruh-5\", at its 63,000-acre Kruh Block commencing in Q4 2025. This drilling activity is a continuation of IEC's strategy to drill a total of 18 new wells, aiming to maximize production and increase reserves after a 60% increase in proved gross reserves reported in May 2025. The company expects production from Kruh-29 to begin by year-end 2025, with potential for significant reserve increases if the wells are successful."], ["20250723", "Tesla's Q2 2025 earnings report is expected to show adjusted EPS of $0.41 and revenue of $22.13 billion, amidst a challenging EV market. Despite a drop in vehicle deliveries compared to the previous year, investor focus will likely shift to updates on Tesla's robotaxi rollout, which recently launched in Texas. Analysts hold varied opinions, with Roth Capital bullish on robotaxi's potential to offset EV sales weakness, while BofA Securities remains neutral due to tariffs and delivery concerns."], ["20250723", "Equinor reported strong financial results for Q2 2025, with an adjusted operating income of USD 6.53 billion, driven by robust operational performance, production growth, and higher US onshore gas prices. The company is on track to meet its 2025 production growth guidance and continued strategic progress with key project milestones, divestments, and financial close for offshore wind projects. Equinor announced a competitive capital distribution, including an ordinary cash dividend of USD 0.37 per share and a share buy-back program."], ["20250723", "The United States Natural Gas Fund (UNG) is a popular ETF for traders seeking short-term exposure to natural gas prices, particularly Henry Hub futures. While it offers liquidity and quick access to a volatile commodity, its performance is influenced by contango and monthly roll mechanics, making it unsuitable for long-term holding. The article provides a price-action snapshot, analyzes key drivers, discusses trading alternatives, and outlines tactical outlooks for Q3\u2013Q4 2025."], ["20250723", "U-Haul Holding Company (NYSE: UHAL, UHAL.B) announced it will release its first quarter fiscal 2026 financial results after market close on Wednesday, August 6, 2025. The company will then host an investor conference call and webcast on Thursday, August 7, 2025, at 8 a.m. Arizona Time (11 a.m. ET) to discuss the results. The webcast will be archived for one year for those unable to attend live."], ["20250723", "California officials are actively seeking a buyer for Valero Energy Corp.'s Benicia refinery, which is slated to close by April 2026, to safeguard the state's fuel supply amid high gasoline prices. The Valero refinery, the nation's second-largest by capacity, plans to shut down due to declining fuel demand and increasing regulatory pressure, but the state is intervening to prevent further market disruption. The California Energy Commission is facilitating talks with potential buyers like HF Sinclair and European operators to keep the refinery operational."], ["20250723", "Old Dominion Freight Line Inc. has agreed to a $1.9 million settlement to resolve allegations of 401(k) fee mismanagement. The class action lawsuit, filed by employees, claimed the company breached its fiduciary duties by allowing inflated fees for investment management and recordkeeping, leading to an estimated $32 million in excess costs for participants. The settlement is pending judicial approval."], ["20250723", "EHang Holdings Limited and Minth Group have formed a strategic partnership to advance the low-altitude economy. This collaboration focuses on co-developing high-safety airframe systems for EHang's eVTOL aircraft and establishing demonstration scenarios for cultural tourism, combining their technological strengths to accelerate the adoption of low-altitude technology. The partnership aims to enhance eVTOL product competitiveness, optimize rotor systems, and promote urban sightseeing with human-carrying aircraft."], ["20250722", "The Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) and Type One Energy have signed their first commercial contracts for Project Infinity, aiming to develop fusion power plant technology to provide clean energy by the mid-2030s. TVA's Power Service Shops will assist in developing specialized welding and fabrication techniques for Type One Energy's Infinity One stellarator, currently being deployed at TVA\u2019s Bull Run Fossil Plant. This collaboration leverages TVA's industrial expertise to de-risk the project and foster economic engagement in the Tennessee Valley."], ["20250722", "Suncor Energy announced it will release its second quarter 2025 financial results on August 5, 2025. A webcast will follow on August 6, 2025, featuring President and CEO Rich Kruger and CFO Kris Smith, along with a Q&A session for analysts. Suncor Energy is Canada's largest integrated energy company, engaged in oil sands development, offshore oil production, refining, and retail distribution, while also investing in lower-emissions energy solutions."], ["20250722", "Surf Air Mobility Inc. has signed six letters of intent (LOIs) with private jet charter brokers and operators to utilize its SurfOS B2B software platform. SurfOS, which includes BrokerOS and OperatorOS modules, is designed to enhance efficiency and unify fragmented data in the air mobility industry, with commercialization expected to begin in 2026. The new partners will provide feedback to refine the software, which is powered by Palantir Technologies\u2019 AI and Foundry platforms."], ["20250722", "Soluna Holdings, Inc. announced it has secured $20 million in funding from Spring Lane Capital for a 35 megawatt expansion of Project Kati in Texas, known as Project Kati 1. This investment will enable Soluna to commence construction in Q3 2025, with an anticipated initial energization and ramp-up by Q1 2026. Project Kati 1 aims to accommodate approximately 12,000 next-generation Bitcoin mining rigs and is a part of SLC's commitment to provide up to $100M in project-level capital for Soluna's data center pipeline."], ["20250722", "Oklo Inc. and Vertiv have partnered to develop advanced power and thermal management solutions for hyperscale and colocation data centers. This collaboration will integrate Oklo's advanced nuclear power plants with Vertiv's cooling systems, leveraging steam and electricity from the Oklo Aurora powerhouse to enhance data center energy efficiency. The companies aim to revolutionize data center operations by co-optimizing power and cooling, providing resilient energy for AI and high-performance computing, and reducing environmental impact through end-to-end reference designs."], ["20250722", "Karooooo Limited announced strong Q1 2026 results, with Cartrack subscription revenue accelerating to 19% year-over-year. The company reported a 19% increase in EPS to ZAR8.55 and expanded its subscriber base by 17% to 2.4 million. CEO Zak Calisto highlighted the benefits of their extensive footprint and strong growth in Southeast Asia, with Karooooo Logistics also showing significant scaling."], ["20250722", "The CEOs of Halliburton and SLB stated that the oil and gas market is softer than anticipated and will remain weak throughout 2025 due to low oil prices, spending cuts, and increased OPEC crude volumes. Halliburton reported a nearly 6% drop in second-quarter revenues and a 33% decline in net income, expecting North American revenues to fall over 10% for the full year 2025. Despite the short-term weakness, both companies are adapting by focusing on technology, service specialties, and strategic equipment management, with a bullish long-term outlook for the industry."], ["20250722", "Halliburton Co. plans to idle or retire some oilfield equipment due to deteriorating demand and weakening prices in the shale industry. CEO Jeff Miller stated that the company will not operate at \"uneconomic levels\" and anticipates shrinking margins in its hydraulic fracturing business. This decision comes as the market outlook has significantly changed, with multiple operators planning meaningful schedule gaps in late 2025."], ["20250722", "GE Vernova and Crusoe have announced a significant deal for 29 LM2500XPRESS aeroderivative gas turbine packages to power Crusoe's AI data centers, providing nearly 1GW of electricity. These units are designed for rapid deployment, high efficiency, and include Selective Catalytic Reduction (SCR) technology for significantly reduced emissions, addressing the high-energy demands of AI infrastructure. The deal highlights GE Vernova's flexible power solutions for rapidly growing AI applications."], ["20250722", "Energy Transfer LP (NYSE: ET) has announced a quarterly cash distribution of $0.2111 per Series I Preferred Unit. This distribution will be paid on August 14, 2025, to unitholders of record as of August 4, 2025. The company also provided a qualified notice regarding federal tax withholding for foreign investors, noting that 100% of distributions are attributable to income connected with a U.S. trade or business."], ["20250722", "Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp (DFLI) announced the elimination of all outstanding shares of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock by issuing 2.1 million shares of common stock. This move aims to enhance the company's financial flexibility, improve its capital structure, and reduce future dilution. While analysts have a \"Buy\" rating with a $13.50 price target, TipRanks' AI Analyst, Spark, rates DFLI as \"Underperform\" due to financial challenges and a looming Nasdaq delisting threat."], ["20250722", "CMS Energy is presented as a recession-resistant dividend growth stock with a 3.1% yield and 19 consecutive years of dividend increases, primarily due to its stable, regulated utility operations in Michigan. Analysts project a potential 15.8% total return by 2027, driven by expected earnings growth and a valuation rebound. The article highlights the dividend's strong safety with a consistent 60% payout ratio, supported by investments in clean energy and grid modernization."], ["20250722", "BWX Technologies, Inc. (BWXT) has achieved a significant milestone in advanced nuclear fuel production by installing and testing a chemical vapor infiltration (CVI) furnace. This new system allows BWXT to manufacture advanced TRISO nuclear fuel with a higher uranium mass and longer reactor lifespan, making it more cost-effective. This development, part of a Department of Energy program, positions BWXT to support the burgeoning small modular reactor and advanced microreactor markets, reaffirming the U.S. as a leader in nuclear energy innovation."], ["20250722", "Antero Resources Corporation (NYSE:AR) has seen a 26% drop in share price recently, though its annual gain is still 5.5%. Despite a high price-to-sales (P/S) ratio of 2.2x compared to the industry average of 1.5x, the company's P/S is considered justified due to an expected 22% revenue growth over the next year, significantly outperforming the industry's 7.3% prediction. The article suggests that investors are willing to pay more for the stock based on these strong future growth forecasts."], ["20250722", "AIRO announced the development of a new middle-mile, medium-lift cargo drone and its expansion into Quebec's YMX Innovation Zone, led by its Electric Air Mobility segment, Jaunt Air Mobility. The drone is designed for 250-500 lbs over 200+ miles, offering an efficient, low-emission alternative for freight, particularly for remote communities. This strategic move aims to accelerate real-world testing, regulatory validation, and the commercialization of sustainable aerospace solutions."], ["20250722", "Blink Charging has announced its acquisition of 100% of Zemetric\u2019s equity, a company specializing in tailored charging solutions for EV fleets, multi-family, and high-utilization destination sites. The acquisition integrates Zemetric\u2019s innovative technology and leadership team, including its co-founders, into Blink Charging to enhance its EV charging ecosystem and steer towards profitability. This move aims to simplify the transition from ICE to EV for commercial customers."], ["20250722", "Matson, a transportation services company, has suspended the shipment of electric vehicles (EVs) and lithium iron phosphate (LFP) batteries across all its routes due to increasing concerns over fire risks during transit. This decision follows several maritime fire incidents involving EVs and is based on the unique challenges LFP battery fires pose, such as thermal runaway. Matson plans to resume these shipments once appropriate safety solutions and risk mitigation strategies are effectively implemented."], ["20250722", "Enphase Energy reported better-than-expected quarterly results but immediately cast doubt on its future by forecasting lower sales for the current quarter. The solar-power company expects third-quarter revenue between $330 million and $370 million, falling short of Wall Street's $372 million consensus. This outlook led to an approximately 8% drop in the company's stock in after-hours trading."], ["20250722", "Cenntro Inc. has entered a strategic partnership with Electricove Maroc for electric vehicle assembly in Morocco. Electricove will assemble Cenntro's EVs, including the Teemak and LS450, for distribution in local and Northern African markets, with Cenntro providing technical support and assembly kits. This collaboration aims to bolster EV deployment in the region and expand both companies' presence."], ["20250722", "Baker Hughes Company announced strong second-quarter 2025 results, with adjusted EBITDA up 7% year-over-year and total adjusted EBITDA margins increasing to 17.5%. The company reported significant IET orders, including a record backlog, and highlighted strategic transactions aimed at portfolio optimization. Baker Hughes is raising full-year revenue and EBITDA guidance for IET, affirming confidence in its diverse portfolio and continued growth."], ["20250722", "Sun Country Airlines (SNCY) has announced an earnings call for its second quarter of 2025, scheduled for August 1 at 10:00 a.m. ET. The airline, a hybrid low-cost carrier, provides scheduled, charter, and cargo services, including flights for Amazon, focusing on leisure and \"visiting friends and relatives\" passengers. Investors can access the live call or replay through the company's investor relations website."], ["20250722", "General Motors reported that tariffs cost the company $1.1 billion in three months, reducing its profit margin from 9% to 6.1%. While GM hopes to mitigate these costs, Wall Street reacted negatively, causing GM stock to drop 6%. Other automakers like Stellantis are also experiencing significant tariff impacts and production adjustments."], ["20250722", "Cenntro Inc. has signed a strategic partnership agreement with Electricove Maroc for the assembly of Cenntro's electric vehicles (EVs) in Morocco. Electricove will establish a local assembly plant for models like the Teemak and LS450, distributing them within Morocco and Northern African markets. Cenntro will provide assembly kits, technical documentation, training, and engineering support for this initiative, which has government and business endorsement in Morocco."], ["20250722", "Transocean Ltd.'s stock surged by 6.95% following a positive Fleet Status Report, which revealed new contracts and an impressive $199 million increase in its backlog, now totaling approximately $7.2 billion. The company, a leader in ultra-deepwater drilling, is preparing to announce its Q2 earnings on August 4, 2025, with strong market anticipation due to its solidified operational momentum and robust fleet of 32 mobile drilling units. Despite past net income losses, solid operational revenue and a low price-to-book ratio suggest potential for future growth and investor confidence."], ["20250722", "Halliburton's CEO, Jeff Miller, announced an expected softer oilfield services market and declining full-year international and North American revenues primarily due to activity reductions in Saudi Arabia, Mexico, and North America. Despite thisoutlook, retail investor sentiment for Halliburton improved to 'bullish.' The company still managed to beat Wall Street estimates for its second-quarter revenue and adjusted profit, while its shares have declined significantly year-to-date."], ["20250722", "Norton Rose Fulbright represented Banco Santander, S.A. in a US$500 million loan to CODELCO, with the facility also involving Commerzbank and ING Bank. The loan is guaranteed by SACE as part of its Push Strategy program, aiming to foster strategic partnerships in the South American mining sector and boost Italian exports to Chile. CODELCO will participate in business meetings with Italian companies facilitated by SACE."], ["20250722", "Vertical Aerospace achieved a significant milestone with its VX4 prototype, completing the world's first airport-to-airport flight by a piloted, winged electric vertical takeoff and landing (eVTOL) aircraft designed for commercial use. Despite this operational success and a recent $60 million public offering that secured its financial runway, the company's market capitalization remains significantly lower than its peers, Archer Aviation and Joby Aviation. This suggests a potential undervaluation, especially as Vertical Aerospace is also developing a long-range hybrid-electric variant to enter diversified markets."], ["20250722", "Marten Transport (MRTN) has announced the sale of its intermodal business assets, including over 1,200 refrigerated containers and associated contracts, to Hub Group (HUBG) for $51.8 million in cash. This strategic move aims to streamline Marten's operations and focus on its core business platforms: Temperature-Sensitive and Dry Truckload, Dedicated, Brokerage, and MRTN de Mexico services. The transaction is expected to close by the end of Q3 2025, allowing Marten to pursue profitable organic growth opportunities within its retained segments."], ["20250722", "Amplify Energy Corp. announced a strategic update focused on simplifying its portfolio, reducing debt, and lowering operating costs by becoming more oil-weighted. The company is exploring the divestiture of its East Texas and Oklahoma assets to focus on Beta and Bairoil operations. Additionally, Amplify announced a CEO transition, with Martyn Willsher stepping down and Dan Furbee, previously COO, appointed as the new Chief Executive Officer, while Jim Frew was promoted to President and CFO."], ["20250722", "Brookfield is preparing to divest several of its Brazilian infrastructure assets, including highway operator Arteris, sanitation company BRK Ambiental, railway operator VLI, and power transmission firm Quantum. The company is restructuring these units to maximize their value, with BRK being considered a strong candidate for an IPO once market conditions improve. Strategic discussions with the federal government regarding concessions are crucial for the valuation and sale of assets like Arteris and VLI."], ["20250722", "Marten Transport, Ltd. has announced an agreement to sell assets related to its intermodal business to Hub Group, Inc. for $51.8 million in cash. This transaction, expected to close by the end of the third quarter, includes over 1,200 refrigerated containers and aims to bring focus to Marten's integrated business strategy and allow for investment in core operations. Marten will continue to operate its multifaceted transportation and distribution business across its other five platforms."], ["20250722", "PACCAR Inc reported its Q2 2025 financial results, with net income of $723.8 million and net sales of $7.51 billion, showing a decrease from the prior year. Despite market challenges, the company highlighted strong performance in its Parts and Financial Services divisions, continued investments in new technologies, and a positive outlook for future truck sales in North America and Europe."], ["20250722", "Quanta Services, Inc. has been recognized by Solar Power World as the top solar solutions provider in the U.S. for the second time in three years and as the top energy storage solutions provider in their inaugural ranking. The company's operating entities installed over 10,000 megawatts of domestic solar and more than 1,200 megawatts of domestic energy storage capacity in 2024, highlighting their contribution to a stronger energy future. This award acknowledges the collaborative efforts of Quanta's teams in building, modernizing, and maintaining critical energy infrastructure."], ["20250722", "DMC Global Inc. (Nasdaq: BOOM) announced it will release its 2025 second-quarter financial results after the stock market closes on Tuesday, August 5, 2025. Following the release, executive management will host a conference call and simultaneous webcast for investors. The webcast will be available live via the Internet and a replay will be accessible for six months."], ["20250722", "Halliburton (NYSE: HAL) announced strong second-quarter 2025 results with $5.5 billion in revenue and EPS of $0.55, exceeding first-quarter figures. Despite anticipating a softer oilfield services market, CEO Jeff Miller highlighted the company's strategic focus on technology and execution, maintaining commitment to shareholder returns. The company saw growth in international markets and specific service lines, while repurchasing $250 million in stock and advancing key technological innovations."], ["20250722", "Amplify Energy (NYSE:AMPY) announced significant strategic changes, including exploring the sale of East Texas and Oklahoma assets to become more oil-weighted and reduce debt. Martyn Willsher stepped down as CEO, with Dan Furbee promoted to CEO and Jim Frew to President and CFO. The company is actively drilling the C-08 well at its Beta platform, with production targeted for August 2025."], ["20250722", "Defiance ETFs has introduced VSTL, the first 2X leveraged exchange-traded fund designed to provide amplified daily exposure to Vistra Corp. This ETF allows investors to capitalize on high-growth opportunities in the energy sector, particularly focusing on Vistra's role in clean energy and sustainable solutions. VSTL utilizes derivatives to achieve its leveraged objectives, aiming for 200% of Vistra Corp.'s daily performance."], ["20250722", "Indonesia's sovereign wealth fund, Danantara, intends to sign an $8 billion contract with U.S. engineering firm KBR Inc for the construction of 17 modular refineries. This deal is reportedly part of a recent trade pact between Indonesia and the United States, which resulted in a reduction of proposed U.S. tariff rates from 32% to 19%. This specific contract for refineries has not been previously disclosed, unlike other aspects of the trade deal, such as increased energy cooperation."], ["20250722", "PACCAR Inc reported its financial results for Q2 2025, with net income of $723.8 million, or $1.37 per diluted share, down from the previous year. Despite a decrease in net sales to $7.51 billion, the company highlighted strong performance in its PACCAR Parts and Financial Services divisions and continued strategic investments in new truck models, manufacturing, and R&D. PACCAR remains optimistic about future market outlooks in North America and internationally."], ["20250722", "General Motors reported second-quarter earnings that beat Wall Street's estimates despite a $1.1 billion tariff impact. The automaker affirmed its full-year guidance, which includes a possible $4 billion to $5 billion impact from auto tariffs, and is actively working to mitigate these costs. GM also noted a decline in profitability for electric vehicles due to recent changes in government incentives."], ["20250722", "Halliburton Co. is idling some oilfield equipment and forecasting shrinking margins in its hydraulic fracturing business due to weakening demand among shale companies. The CEO, Jeff Miller, stated the company would stack some fleets rather than work at uneconomic levels, noting the significant change in the oilfield services market in a short period. This move follows Halliburton's second-quarter adjusted profit falling slightly short of analyst expectations and a decline in its stock performance."], ["20250722", "Halliburton Company (NYSE: HAL) reported a decline in earnings for the second quarter of fiscal 2025, with revenue decreasing to $5.5 billion from $5.83 billion year-over-year. This resulted in a 31% decrease in earnings to $0.55 per share and a net income of $480 million. The company repurchased $250 million of common stock and paid $0.17 per share in dividends during the quarter."], ["20250722", "Halliburton Co. is idling some oilfield equipment and forecasting shrinking margins in its hydraulic fracturing business due to deteriorating demand among shale companies. CEO Jeff Miller indicated that the oilfield services market has changed significantly, leading the company to stack some fleets rather than operate at uneconomic levels. This comes after Halliburton posted second-quarter adjusted profit slightly below analyst expectations, and its shares have been the worst performer among S&P 500 oil stocks this year."], ["20250722", "SLB has been awarded a contract by the Northern Endurance Partnership (NEP) for carbon storage site development in the North Sea. This critical project involves deploying SLB's Sequestri\u2122 carbon storage solutions to construct six carbon storage wells, aiming to store an initial 4 million metric tons of CO2 per year starting in 2028. The NEP infrastructure is vital for the UK's net-zero goals, particularly for the East Coast Cluster's most carbon-intensive industrial regions."], ["20250722", "Brazil Potash is outlining its financing strategy for the US$2.5bn Autazes potash project, aiming to secure US$1.7bn-US$1.8bn through debt. The company recently signed an MOU with Fictor Energia for US$200mn in power transmission financing and US$20mn in equity, a model they hope to replicate for other project components. Despite geopolitical risks affecting potash prices, Brazil Potash emphasizes the strategic importance of domestic production to reduce reliance on imports."], ["20250722", "Southwest Airlines is changing its long-standing open seating policy, implementing assigned seating starting January 27, 2026. This change follows a previous policy shift requiring most passengers to pay for checked bags. The new seating arrangement will be based on ticket bundles and frequent flyer status."], ["20250722", "This article examines whether the recent 24% stock decline in Epsilon Energy (NASDAQ:EPSN) aligns with its financial performance, particularly its Return on Equity (ROE) and earnings growth. While the company's ROE of 4.5% is lower than the industry average, it has shown decent net income growth of 7.1% over five years and efficiently reinvests profits. The analysis suggests that despite a low ROE, significant reinvestment and earnings growth could indicate future potential."], ["20250722", "General Motors announced a significant decline in its second-quarter profit, falling by over a third due to President Trump's tariffs, which cost the company more than $1 billion. This follows Stellantis's similar report of losses attributed to trade policies, highlighting the negative impact on the auto industry. G.M. expects tariffs to cost up to $5 billion for the full year but plans to offset some of this by cutting costs and shifting manufacturing to the United States."], ["20250722", "Amprius Technologies has delivered its high-energy silicon anode battery cells, including SiCore\u00ae batteries, to major drone and UAV manufacturers like Airbus subsidiary AALTO. These deliveries, produced at Amprius' Fremont pilot facility, represent a significant step in scaling up to meet demand for lightweight, high-endurance power solutions for applications ranging from high-altitude platforms to commercial and tactical UAVs. The company is actively expanding its production capacity globally to support growing demand across various sectors."], ["20250721", "Xcel Energy's subsidiary, Southwest Public Service Company (SPS), plans to add over 5 GW of new generation capacity in Texas and New Mexico by 2030 to meet rapidly increasing electricity demand, projected to grow by over 40% by then. The new portfolio, including wind, solar, battery storage, and natural gas, will incorporate 17 new power projects and extend the life of existing gas units. These efforts are part of a broader five-year investment plan to modernize infrastructure, enhance reliability, and support economic growth in the region."], ["20250721", "McCauley Propeller Systems announced that its high-performance C780 propeller is now factory standard for all new commercial customers of the Beechcraft King Air 360. This propeller offers benefits such as weight savings, reduced cabin noise, and an extended Time Between Overhaul (TBO) of 5,000 hours. The C780 propeller, which achieved certifications in various regions, can also be installed on existing King Air B300 aircraft."], ["20250721", "Stellantis reported a preliminary loss of $2.7 billion ($2.3 billion euro) for the first half of the year, attributing it to President Donald Trump's tariffs, restructuring costs, and slow global vehicle sales. The company's global shipments fell 6%, with a significant 25% drop in North America. New CEO Antonio Filosa is optimistic about future improvements with upcoming vehicle launches and product program adjustments."], ["20250721", "SK Telecom, in partnership with AWS and SK Group affiliates, is building Korea's first and largest hyperscale AI data center in Ulsan. This initiative aims to establish a pivotal hub for the \"AI Infrastructure Super Highway\" by leveraging SK Group's resources in land and energy supply, and specializing in AI DC solutions for power consumption and heat management. The company plans to achieve over 300MW AI DC capacity by 2030, generating annual revenues of 1 trillion KRW and establishing itself as a leading AI DC solution provider in Korea and the APAC region."], ["20250721", "Ryanair announced a Q1 profit after tax of \u20ac820 million, significantly up from the previous year, driven by a 4% increase in passenger numbers to 57.9 million and a 21% rise in average fares. The airline maintained cost discipline, with operating costs rising only 5%, and strengthened its fleet with 181 fuel-efficient Boeing 737 Gamechangers. CEO Michael O\u2019Leary anticipates continued growth and expects constrained short-haul capacity in Europe to benefit Ryanair, despite concerns over geopolitical tensions and air traffic control issues."], ["20250721", "Nova Minerals has begun its 2025 drilling program at the RPM gold deposit within its Estelle gold-antimony project in Alaska, focusing on expanding the Valley zone resource and testing a new conceptual target. The company is also conducting resource delineation drilling at the Stibium gold-antimony prospect, with potential U.S. Department of Defense grant support. Initial results from RPM's Valley zone have shown promising mineralization, indicating a possible extension of the high-grade RPM North zone."], ["20250721", "Nova Minerals (ASX: NVA) has initiated an aggressive multi-rig drilling program at its RPM gold deposit in Alaska, focusing on expanding the RPM North and Valley zones and testing significant valley-fill material containing gold. The program aims to grow and upgrade the resource, with early results showing promising high-grade mineralization similarities. Alongside gold exploration, the company is advancing its antimony project, which could receive U.S. DoD funding due to antimony's critical mineral status, positioning Nova Minerals as a dual-commodity opportunity in a tier-one mining jurisdiction."], ["20250721", "NRG Energy, Inc. (NYSE: NRG) announced its Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.44 per share, totaling $1.76 annually. The dividend is scheduled for payment on August 15, 2025, to shareholders recorded as of August 1, 2025. The company also provided a \"Safe Harbor\" statement regarding forward-looking statements."], ["20250721", "Southwest Airlines has officially announced that it will begin assigned seating on January 27, 2026, ending its long-standing open-seat boarding tradition. This change will allow passengers to select seats at the time of booking, with options for Extra Legroom seats and various fare bundles. The airline aims to better compete with legacy carriers by charging a premium for certain seats."], ["20250721", "Denison Mines (TSX: DML) has announced significant new finds of shallow high-grade uranium mineralization at its McClean South zone in northern Saskatchewan, part of the McClean Lake joint venture. An exploration drilling program, carried out by Orano Canada, identified multiple high-grade intersections, expanding the mineralized footprint of the 8C and 8W pods. This discovery holds significant potential for McClean South to become an economic new source of uranium for the nearby McClean Lake mill."], ["20250721", "Eco Wave Power Global AB announced an agreement with C&S Welding Inc. for the installation of its wave energy floaters and energy conversion unit at the Port of Los Angeles, marking a critical step for its first U.S. onshore wave energy project. This partnership, following the fabrication of floaters by All-Ways Metal, brings the project closer to deployment with local expertise. The pilot aims to demonstrate scalable and low-maintenance wave energy technology ideal for coastal infrastructure."], ["20250721", "Imperial Oil (TSE:IMO) has shown significant growth in its Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) over the past five years, increasing by 358% while capital employed remained relatively flat. This indicates improved efficiency and the company generating higher returns from the same amount of capital. Investors have recognized these positive trends, leading to strong stock performance, and will be looking for this growth in ROCE to continue."], ["20250721", "General Motors Co. announced that its Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.15 per share on the company's common stock. This dividend is payable on September 18, 2025, to shareholders of record as of September 5, 2025. GM is focused on the future of transportation, offering a range of gasoline-powered vehicles and a growing portfolio of electric vehicles."], ["20250721", "Vertical Aerospace successfully completed the first airport-to-airport flight in the UK for a full-scale, piloted winged tilt-rotor eVTOL designed for commercial use. The VX4 prototype flew from Cotswold Airport to RAF Fairford, covering 17 miles and reaching speeds of 115mph and an altitude of 1,800ft. The company is also developing a hybrid-electric variant with a 1,000-mile range and aims for VX4 certification in 2028."], ["20250721", "DT Midstream (NYSE:DTM) carries a significant debt load, with net debt of US$3.30 billion as of March 2025. The company's debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 4.5 and interest cover of 3.5 times indicate a somewhat risky financial position, despite a large market capitalization that could facilitate raising additional capital if needed. While DT Midstream's EBIT grew by 6.7% and it generates sturdy free cash flow, its overall debt levels suggest a cautious approach for investors."], ["20250721", "Cadeler has secured a firm contract with Vestas, valued at approximately EUR 210 million, for its recently acquired jack-up wind turbine installation vessel (WTIV), Wind Keeper. The vessel, which Cadeler purchased from Shanghai Boqiang Heavy Industry Group, will support Vestas' offshore wind projects for an initial three-year period starting in Q1 2026. With additional options, the contract's total value could exceed EUR 380 million, making Wind Keeper a key asset for both installation and operations and maintenance services."], ["20250721", "This article details the increasing availability of wireless Apple CarPlay and Android Auto in 2025 model year vehicles, noting that these features are becoming more common, even in lower trim levels. It provides an extensive list of 2025 cars offering wireless smartphone integration and addresses common questions about the technology, including performance, connectivity, and battery life. The article also discusses potential challenges to the future of smartphone integration in cars, particularly due to automakers' interest in subscription services and data monetization."], ["20250721", "Avis Budget Group (NASDAQ: CAR) has officially launched \"Avis First,\" a premium, concierge-level car rental service. This new offering aims to redefine the car rental experience with features like curbside pickup, high-end vehicles, and personal concierges, available at select major airports and local markets. The service is designed for travelers seeking enhanced comfort, control, and efficiency, offering a luxurious experience accessible to a broader customer base."], ["20250721", "Ballard Power Systems has announced a significant order for 6.4 MW of fuel cell engines from eCap Marine GmbH, intended for two Samskip vessels. This order, representing one of the largest marine fuel cell engine deployments in history, will power two Samskip vessels on routes between Norway and the Netherlands, contributing to the decarbonization of maritime transport. The initiative highlights the continued collaboration between Ballard and eCap Marine, with support from ENOVA, Norway's government agency for energy and climate initiatives."], ["20250721", "Chevron has successfully completed its $53 billion acquisition of Hess Corporation, after an arbitration against ExxonMobil over Hess assets offshore Guyana. The deal was delayed for over a year due to the dispute, but the government's approval also facilitated Hess Chairman John Hess joining Chevron's Board of Directors. The article also covers details on strategic petroleum reserve releases, fluctuations in Kansas crude prices, weekly drilling statistics across Kansas, and US crude production/export figures, highlighting a slight dip in production but continued status as a net petroleum exporter."], ["20250721", "Brazil is quickly becoming a leader in block reward mining, driven by abundant renewable energy, a clear regulatory framework, and new partnerships. Recent deals, such as Tether's collaboration with Adecoagro to use renewable energy for Bitcoin mining and Enegix Global's data center in Piau\u00ed, highlight the country's potential. These developments position Brazil as a key player in Latin America's digital asset ecosystem, though challenges like potential tax increases remain."], ["20250721", "Adient, a global automotive seating supplier, has introduced a new mechanical massage-seat solution designed to enhance in-vehicle comfort. This system, drawing from both Western and traditional Chinese massage techniques, targets back and lumbar discomfort and has initially been deployed in GAC-Trumpchi\u2019s new M8 plug-in hybrid model in China. The market for automotive massaging seats is rapidly expanding, with the global market valued at $51.9 billion in 2023 and projected to reach $59.6 billion by 2033, driven by a surge in consumer demand for comfort features across various vehicle segments."], ["20250721", "Barclays has increased its price target for American Airlines Group Inc. (AAL) from $11 to $12, maintaining an 'Equal Weight' rating, despite a projected weak earnings outlook due to high jet fuel prices and soft leisure demand. Analysts believe that potential capacity cuts in Q4 could positively impact pricing and profitability. The airline is also expanding its international routes, particularly in Latin America, expecting to serve over 2.3 million round-trip passengers during the holiday season."], ["20250721", "American Airlines and Mastercard have extended their long-standing partnership, reinforcing their commitment to providing more rewarding travel experiences for AAdvantage Mastercard cardholders. This agreement secures Mastercard as the exclusive payment network partner for American's co-branded credit cards, enhancing the AAdvantage program with personalized offers, optimized rewards, and seamless transactions. Cardholders will also continue to receive exclusive access to Priceless Experiences, from travel privileges to unique cultural and sporting events."], ["20250721", "U Power Limited and UNEX EV B.V. have inaugurated Southeast Asia's first smart battery swapping station in Phuket, Thailand, marking a significant step in expanding the electric vehicle ecosystem. This 24/7 station, powered by U Power's UOTTA\u2122 technology, is the first outside mainland China designed for electric taxis and ride-hailing fleets, aiming to address the critical energy replenishment needs of autonomous vehicles. U Power is rapidly expanding its global network across Asia, Europe, and South America, leveraging its \"Vehicle-Station-Cloud-Token\" framework to build an intelligent, data-driven energy infrastructure."], ["20250721", "Genco Shipping & Trading (NYSE: GNK) has scheduled its Q2 2025 earnings conference call for Thursday, August 7, 2025, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. The company will release its financial results for Q2 2025 after market close on Wednesday, August 6, 2025. The conference call will include a slide presentation and will be webcast live, with replay available on the company's website."], ["20250721", "Osisko Development Corp. has secured a US$450-million project loan facility from Appian Capital for its Cariboo Gold Project. Construction is slated to begin in the second half of 2025, with initial gold production anticipated in late 2027. The investment will fund an infill drill campaign and support pre-construction activities, aiming to de-risk the project which is projected to produce 1.89 million ounces of gold over 10 years."], ["20250721", "Tigo Energy has expanded its presence in the Czech Republic by certifying its three-phase Tigo EI Inverters to comply with PPDS P4 standards, crucial for grid connection. This certification follows the deployment of nearly 107 MW of Tigo's MLPE solutions in 2024 and enables the launch of its comprehensive EI Residential system in the country. The system integrates solar power, battery storage, and advanced energy management to meet the growing demand for home solar solutions."], ["20250721", "CenterPoint Energy announced the appointment of Jesus Soto, Jr. as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, effective August 11, 2025. Soto brings over 30 years of energy industry experience, including leadership roles at Quanta Services and Mears Group, and will oversee Electric Operations, Gas Operations, Safety, Supply Chain, and Customer Care functions across CenterPoint's service territories. His appointment is strategic for the company's planned $31 billion capital investment over the next five years, aimed at fostering growth and improving reliability."], ["20250721", "Former Commonwealth Edison CEO Anne Pramaggiore has been sentenced to two years in federal prison and a $750,000 fine for her role in a bribery scheme involving former Illinois House Speaker Michael Madigan. Pramaggiore, described as a \"transformational leader\" at ComEd, was convicted of bribery conspiracy and falsifying company books as part of the \"ComEd Four\" trial. She plans to appeal the verdict and sentence, while federal prosecutors argued she had the power to stop the scheme but instead participated."], ["20250721", "Uni-Fuels Holdings Limited announced its wholly-owned subsidiary, Uni-Fuels Pte Ltd, successfully completed its first USD 3 million commercial paper issuance on ADDX, a private market platform. The offering was oversubscribed, demonstrating strong investor confidence in Uni-Fuels' strategy and growth. The proceeds will be used for general working capital, diversifying funding sources, and enhancing capital efficiency for Uni-Fuels Singapore's expanding operations."], ["20250721", "The Invesco S&P SmallCap 600 Revenue ETF (RWJ), launched in 2008, is a passively managed fund targeting the U.S. Small Cap Blend market with over $1.53 billion in assets. It employs a revenue-weighted strategy and has a 0.39% expense ratio. While a high-risk choice with a beta of 1.16, it diversifies company-specific risk with 601 holdings and carries a Zacks ETF Rank of 3 (Hold)."], ["20250721", "Linde announced significant new investments in the U.S. to bolster the commercial space sector. These investments include expanding an industrial gas facility in Mims, Florida, and building a new air separation unit in Brownsville, Texas, to supply critical gases for rocket launches. These moves reinforce Linde's long-standing role and leadership in supporting space exploration."], ["20250721", "Evergy is seeking $55 million in damages from BNSF Railway, alleging the railroad failed to deliver contracted coal volumes in 2022 to its power plants in Kansas and Missouri. The utility company claims these failures resulted in significant financial losses, including lost profits and additional power purchase costs, which are ultimately borne by Midwestern electric ratepayers. BNSF, in turn, attributes delivery challenges to the COVID-19 pandemic's impact on supply chains and a historic snowfall event."], ["20250721", "Halliburton Company (HAL) saw its stock price fall by 8.06% between July 11 and July 18, 2025, after Stifel lowered its price target from $32 to $31 while maintaining a 'Buy' rating. This decline is attributed to a slowdown in drilling activity, choppy crude prices, economic uncertainty, and the impact of a tariff war. Analysts now expect Halliburton to report a 30% drop in Q2 2025 profits, marking its worst decline since 2021."], ["20250721", "NextNRG, Inc. announced the completion of a comprehensive financial restructuring, significantly reducing its monthly cash burn by approximately $1 million. This restructuring involved converting existing debt into restricted common stock at a premium and refinancing high-cost debt with an 8-month note. The company aims for greater financial stability to execute its growth strategy, focusing on its AI-driven energy platform towards profitability."], ["20250721", "Sunrun Inc. has deployed over 37,000 home batteries to alleviate generation shortfalls and high demand on Puerto Rico's electrical grid. The company's distributed power plants are expected to be vital from July through October 2025, with LUMA anticipating over 75 energy shortfall events. Despite facing significant debt, Sunrun's stock has risen, and analysts hold various price targets, recognizing its crucial role in grid stability and its market position in residential solar and storage."], ["20250721", "Octillion Power Systems has expanded its partnership with Vision Marine Technologies Inc. to produce high-voltage lithium-ion battery packs for Vision's marine propulsion systems. These will be manufactured at Octillion's Reno, Nevada facility for the U.S. market, marking what are believed to be the first battery packs specifically designed for electric marine propulsion. This collaboration aims to provide Vision Marine with advanced battery technology, efficient production, and a secure U.S. supply chain, enhancing the performance and range of their E-Motion\u2122 electric outboard systems."], ["20250721", "CF Industries is presented as an attractive investment opportunity due to its industry-leading margins, strong free cash flow, and healthy balance sheet. The company is well-positioned for long-term growth by leveraging its exposure to ammonia and hydrogen, aligned with global decarbonization trends. Shareholder value is enhanced through aggressive buybacks and dividends, with future yields dependent on commodity price stability."], ["20250721", "Permianville Royalty Trust announced it will not issue a monthly distribution to unitholders in August 2025 due to a $0.3 million net profits shortfall in July 2025, primarily caused by elevated capital expenditures for new well completions. This marks a continuation of non-distributions, as June and July 2025 distributions were also suspended. Despite current challenges, the Trust's Sponsor, COERT Holdings 1 LLC, expects the new Haynesville wells to generate positive net profits later in 2025."], ["20250721", "Tesla is expected to report weak financial results this week, with analysts predicting a decline in revenue and EPS due to falling deliveries and increased competition. While Tesla's stock price has risen, the TSLY ETF has also seen gains and offers a high dividend yield through a covered call strategy, making it a potential alternative or complement for investors seeking monthly payouts alongside growth. Tesla faces significant challenges in key markets like China and Europe, and the US market is also showing weakness due to policy changes."], ["20250721", "Tesla is set to report its Q2 2025 earnings on July 23, with analysts projecting a significant year-over-year decline in both earnings and revenue, and the company has a \"Sell\" Zacks Rank. Despite a recent stock surge, concerns loom due to dismal delivery numbers and a poor earnings track record, placing ETFs with substantial Tesla allocation, such as Simplify Volt TSLA Revolution ETF and Consumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR Fund, in focus. Concurrently, Tesla launched its driverless robotaxi service in Austin, TX, a strategic move amidst declining vehicle sales and increasing competition."], ["20250721", "Alaska Airlines resumed operations after a temporary system-wide ground stop for its flights and those of its subsidiary, Horizon Air, due to an IT outage. The outage occurred around 11 p.m. ET and led to disruptions, with some passengers stranded on planes for hours. The airline warned of residual impacts and advised travelers to check flight statuses, apologizing for the inconvenience."], ["20250721", "Discussions are reportedly underway for a potential merger between Union Pacific Corporation and Norfolk Southern Corporation, which could create the first modern West-to-East single-line freight railroad in the United States. While such a merger could enhance connectivity and resolve transfer bottlenecks, it faces significant regulatory hurdles to prove increased competition and public benefit. Both companies are scheduled to release their second-quarter 2025 earnings in late July, amidst this uncertain merger news."], ["20250721", "American States Water Company (NYSE:AWR) announced its plan to release second-quarter 2025 financial results after market close on Wednesday, August 6, 2025. President and CEO Robert Sprowls and SVP and CFO Eva Tang will host a conference call on Thursday, August 7, at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time to discuss these results. The company, which provides water and electric services and manages utility facilities on military bases, has consistently paid and increased dividends to shareholders since 1931."], ["20250721", "NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. announced the remarketing dates for its Series M Debentures, totaling $2.0 billion, with the remarketing scheduled for July 29, 2025. This process will reset the interest rate on the debentures, which are guaranteed by NextEra Energy, Inc. and were originally issued as part of Corporate Units in 2022. The proceeds from a successful remarketing will be used to purchase U.S. Treasury securities to secure obligations related to purchasing NextEra Energy common stock."], ["20250721", "Microvast Holdings (MVST) has formed a strategic partnership with Evoy, a Norwegian company specializing in high-output electric motor systems for boats, marking Microvast's entry into the electric boat market. Evoy plans to integrate Microvast's MV-I high-power battery packs into its leisure boat product line. This announcement follows Microvast's strong Q1 2025 financial performance, including a net profit of $61.8 million and 43.2% YoY revenue growth."], ["20250721", "BP p.l.c. has appointed Albert Manifold as its new chair, succeeding Helge Lund, effective October 1. Manifold, previously CEO of CRH plc, will join BP's board as a non-executive director and chair-elect on September 1. This appointment follows a rigorous global search, with Manifold recognized for his strategic leadership and track record of delivering growth and performance at CRH."], ["20250721", "Emerson's 2024 Sustainability Report details its progress and strategies for achieving net-zero operations by 2030 and full value chain net zero by 2045. The company has already significantly reduced its Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions through renewable energy adoption, efficiency initiatives, and technological solutions that also help customers meet their sustainability goals. Emerson is also advancing circular economy practices, water stewardship, and biodiversity assessments, setting a new standard for sustainable manufacturing."], ["20250720", "Suncor Energy Foundation reportedly rescinded over half of a $900,000 donation pledge to The Resilience Institute (TRI) without explanation, then warned the charity to keep silent. This decision jeopardizes TRI's crucial climate adaptation research with Indigenous communities in Alberta. The article critically examines Suncor's shift under CEO Rich Kruger towards prioritizing oil sands profits over environmental commitments, highlighting alleged threats to other charities and the company's significant profits despite abandoning previous clean energy initiatives."], ["20250720", "Entergy Arkansas plans to construct a new 754-megawatt natural gas-fired power generation facility, the Jefferson Power Station (JPS), adjacent to its existing White Bluff plant. This new station will replace the coal-fired White Bluff facility, which is slated to cease coal operations in 2028. The project is expected to create 700-800 construction jobs, support sustainability goals through decarbonization, and will require various state and federal approvals."], ["20250719", "ZeroAvia and Horizon Aircraft are collaborating to explore integrating ZeroAvia's ZA600 hydrogen-electric powertrain into Horizon's Cavorite X7 regional eVTOL platform. This partnership aims to research the necessary infrastructure and certification guidelines to enable a zero-emission pathway for Horizon Aircraft, with both companies expressing optimism regarding hydrogen-electric propulsion for regional air mobility."], ["20250719", "BWX Technologies, Inc. has announced it secured $2.6 billion in naval contracts. The company also recently celebrated the production of TRISO nuclear fuel, which will be used in the first microreactor built and operated in the United States. This achievement involved collaboration with officials from the U.S. Department of Defense, Department of Energy, NASA, and Idaho National Laboratory."], ["20250719", "UPS (United Parcel Service) recently disclosed $1,470,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, covering a range of issues including tariff policy, trade relationships, transportation regulations, and tax credits. The article also provides details on congressional stock trading involving UPS shares, where sales by members outnumbered purchases, and highlights significant hedge fund activity with both institutional investors adding and decreasing their positions. Additionally, recent analyst ratings show a positive sentiment with multiple \"Buy\" or \"Outperform\" ratings and a median price target of $124.0."], ["20250719", "Pyrophyte Acquisition Corp. II successfully closed its $175 million IPO, signaling a more disciplined return of SPACs focusing on experienced sponsors and capital-intensive sectors like energy transition. This offering reflects a market shift towards quality over quantity in SPAC activity, despite persistent high redemption rates for institutional investors. The company's strategy involves targeting infrastructure-style assets with contracted cash flows to mitigate risks inherent in the current SPAC landscape."], ["20250719", "This page provides access to Hennessy Capital Investment VII (HVII) SEC filings, including 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K forms, comprehensive for investors tracking this special purpose acquisition company. It details HVII's progress towards an initial business combination with ONE Nuclear Energy LLC, outlining the proposed merger structure, valuation, and expected post-closing trading under the ticker ONEN. The platform enhances these documents with AI-powered summaries and real-time updates from the SEC\u2019s EDGAR system."], ["20250719", "The InfraCap MLP ETF (AMZA.US) is scheduled to trade ex-dividend on July 21st, 2025, with a cash dividend of $0.29 per share payable on July 25th, 2025, to shareholders of record on the ex-dividend date. The article explains the concepts of cash dividends and stock dividends, including their implications for investors and company share prices, while emphasizing that dividends are not guaranteed and encouraging consultation with tax professionals."], ["20250718", "Faraday Future (NASDAQ: FFAI) has unveiled the FX Super One EAI-MPV, the FF Super EAI F.A.C.E. System, and the FF EAI Embodied Intelligence AI Agent 6x4 Architecture. The FX Super One has secured 10,034 binding deposits for non-binding pre-orders and aims to disrupt the luxury SUV segment with an affordable mass-market EV. These new technologies focus on creating an embodied intelligent lifeform on wheels with advanced AI capabilities and a new level of driver-car interaction."], ["20250718", "Xcel Energy has unveiled a comprehensive portfolio of 17 new power projects and extensions of existing generation to address the projected 40% surge in electricity demand by 2030 across its Texas and New Mexico service area. This initiative includes 5,168 megawatts of new capacity, featuring a mix of dispatchable generation, energy storage, and wind/solar facilities, alongside the life extension of existing natural gas units. The projects aim to enhance reliability, support economic growth with an estimated $5 billion impact in New Mexico, and meet regional energy needs while adhering to new Southwest Power Pool planning reserve margin requirements."], ["20250718", "Xcel Energy plans to add 5,168 megawatts of new power capacity across Texas and New Mexico by 2030 through 17 new projects, including dispatchable energy, storage, wind, and solar facilities. This expansion is in response to an anticipated 40% increase in electricity demand in the region by 2030, driven by population growth, industrial expansion, the AI boom, and a surge in data centers. Xcel Energy, which is not part of the ERCOT grid but is served by the Southwest Power Pool, aims to create a stronger, more modern, and resilient energy system to meet future energy needs."], ["20250718", "Faraday Future (FFAI) has unveiled its new FX Super One EAI-MPV, an AI-powered luxury mobility vehicle, alongside new technologies like the FF Super EAI F.A.C.E. System and FF EAI Embodied Intelligence AI Agent 6x4 Architecture. The company announced 10,034 binding deposits for non-binding pre-orders and secured $105 million in funding to support its aggressive growth strategy and market expansion. The FX Super One aims to disrupt the luxury SUV segment, challenging vehicles like the Cadillac Escalade, by offering advanced AI features, a flexible interior, and an extreme price-to-performance ratio."], ["20250718", "Osisko Development released an optimized Feasibility Study (FS) for the Cariboo Gold Project in British Columbia, Canada, in April 2025. The project is expected to produce 90,000 ounces of gold annually over a ten-year mine life, with an initial capital cost of $881 million. Construction is projected to begin in Q3 2025, with the first gold anticipated in H2 2027."], ["20250718", "Hess Midstream LP announced significant changes to its Board of Directors and executive leadership following the merger of Hess Corporation and Chevron Corporation. Chevron appointees, including Andy Walz as Chairman, will join the board, while previous Hess Corporation executives will depart. Jonathan C. Stein has been named CEO, succeeding John B. Hess, and Michael J. Chadwick will take over as CFO."], ["20250718", "Eversource Energy (ES) offers a 4.75% dividend yield, significantly higher than its 5-year average, making it attractive for income-focused investors. The company is refocusing on its core utility business by selling non-core renewable assets, which analysts believe will improve profitability and earnings growth. With a stable regulated model, dividend growth history, and a current valuation suggesting potential for modest annual returns, ES presents a compelling opportunity for long-term stability and income."], ["20250718", "Greece-based Diana Shipping has acquired a 7.7% equity stake in US-listed Genco Shipping & Trading, valuing the investment at approximately $46 million. This move makes Diana Shipping one of the largest shareholders in Genco, which operates a fleet of over 40 dry bulk vessels. The investment follows previous strategic moves on Genco by other significant players, including George Economou and Berge Bulk."], ["20250718", "Orano Canada and Denison Mines have restarted uranium operations at their joint venture McClean Lake site in Canada's Athabasca Basin. The partners are now utilizing a new mining technology called surface access borehole resource extraction, or Sabre. Operations at McClean Lake had been suspended since 2008 due to weak uranium prices."], ["20250718", "Orano Canada Inc and Denison Mines Corp, through their McClean Lake Joint Venture, have successfully initiated uranium mining operations using their patented Surface Access Borehole Resource Extraction (SABRE) method. This innovative technique, which began development in 2004, allows for economic extraction from small, deep, high-grade orebodies in the Athabasca Basin that conventional methods deem unfeasible. SABRE offers environmental benefits, reduced radiological exposure for workers, and flexible production ramp-up, with initial commercial production already yielding approximately 250 tonnes of high-grade ore."], ["20250718", "Chevron has finalized its $55 billion acquisition of Hess Corp. after a favorable arbitration ruling against ExxonMobil, securing a significant stake in Guyana's Stabroek Block. The deal also expands Chevron's assets in the Bakken shale and U.S. Gulf, with the company anticipating $1 billion in annual cost synergies by the end of 2025 and projecting the acquisition to be accretive to cash flow per share starting in 2025. Hess CEO John Hess is expected to join Chevron's board."], ["20250718", "Cadeler has officially taken delivery of its new jack-up wind turbine installation vessel (WTIV) Wind Keeper, making it the eighth vessel in their fleet. This acquisition is coupled with a significant long-term contract with Vestas, valued at approximately $243 million for a firm three-year period, with potential for over $440 million if all options are exercised. The Wind Keeper will support Vestas's offshore wind projects for operations, maintenance, transport, and installation, and will undergo upgrades before starting the contract in Q1 2026."], ["20250718", "Cadeler has taken early delivery of its new jack-up vessel, Wind Keeper, and simultaneously secured a three-year firm contract with wind turbine manufacturer Vestas. The agreement is valued at approximately \u20ac210 million, with options that could increase it to over \u20ac380 million. The Wind Keeper will undergo customized upgrades for 15 MW turbines and will support both operations/maintenance and transport/installation tasks for Vestas' offshore wind projects."], ["20250718", "Judy McReynolds will retire as CEO of ArcBest effective December 31, with Seth Runser, current president and former president of ABF Freight, taking over as CEO on January 1, 2026. McReynolds will remain as chairman of the board, having led the company through significant growth and transformation during her tenure. Runser has a long history with ArcBest in various leadership roles and successfully guided ABF Freight to record performance."], ["20250718", "Arrive AI (NASDAQ:ARAI) has partnered with AllMart - Local Marketplace & ACT Antigua to expand secure delivery options on the islands of Antigua & Barbuda. This collaboration builds on successful smart mailbox delivery trials and will see the deployment of Arrive AI's more sophisticated Arrive Points, featuring temperature control and data tracking. The initiative aims to provide greater convenience and security for grocery and retail deliveries, with potential future expansion into drone delivery given the moderate local regulations."], ["20250718", "Lifezone Metals published the results of a feasibility study for its Kabanga nickel project, revealing an after-tax net present value of $1.58 billion, down from previous estimates, and an internal rate of return of 23.3%. Simultaneously, Lifezone Metals acquired BHP's 17% equity interest in Kabanga Nickel Limited for up to $83 million, increasing its ownership of the project to 84% and gaining full control of the nickel mine's offtake. The project, located in Tanzania, is considered one of the world's largest undeveloped nickel sulfide deposits, with a mine life of 18 years producing nickel, copper, and cobalt."], ["20250718", "Chevron has completed its $53 billion acquisition of Hess Corp. following a dispute panel's ruling against Exxon regarding Hess assets in Guyana. This decision enables Chevron to integrate new oil and gas assets globally, enhancing its growth profile. Exxon expressed disagreement with the ruling but respected the arbitration process."], ["20250718", "European sanctions on Russian refined fuels are causing a diesel squeeze, pushing oil prices and energy ETFs into focus. While crude markets are in backwardation indicating tightness, this rally is unlikely to last indefinitely due to increasing global crude inventories and potential shifts in demand. Investors are advised to cautiously ride this wave, monitoring refinery flows and geopolitical headlines."], ["20250718", "Vistra Corp. (NYSE: VST) has seen its stock rise by 5.97%, driven by positive market sentiment, strategic initiatives like the Perry Nuclear Plant extension, and community contributions. Despite some financial challenges like negative net income and earnings per share, the company maintains a strong gross margin and stable dividends, with analysts upgrading price targets. Future performance hinges on upcoming quarterly reports and sustained operational and community engagement."], ["20250718", "Cummins has exited its Chinese electrolyser joint venture, Cummins Enze, formed with a Sinopec-backed fund. The decision comes after the venture, which operated China's largest PEM electrolyser factory, experienced poor sales. The article highlights this development as a significant move in the clean hydrogen industry."], ["20250718", "An international arbitration court ruled in favor of Chevron's merger with Hess Corp. after nearly two years. This decision comes after Exxon Mobil Corp. had challenged Chevron over Hess's assets in Guyana, which created an overhang for Chevron's stock. The resolution of this dispute is expected to positively impact Chevron's investors."], ["20250718", "International arbitrators ruled in favor of Chevron's merger with Hess Corp. after nearly two years of waiting, providing relief to Chevron Corp. investors. The decision resolves a dispute with Exxon Mobil Corp. over Hess's assets in Guyana, which had created an overhang for Chevron's stock. This outcome is significant for Chevron's stock performance as it clears the path for the acquisition of key Hess assets, including those in North Dakota and Guyana."], ["20250718", "BASF SE and Equinor ASA have finalized a 10-year strategic agreement for Equinor to supply up to 23 terawatt hours of natural gas annually to BASF's European operations, starting October 1, 2025. This deal aims to ensure energy security and provide low-carbon feedstock for BASF, aligning with its sustainability goals amidst Europe's energy transition. For Equinor, the agreement solidifies its role as a reliable supplier of Norwegian natural gas to European markets and supports industrial decarbonization efforts."], ["20250718", "Pioneer founder Scott Sheffield has stated he no longer wishes to join Exxon Mobil Corp.\u2019s board, despite the U.S. Federal Trade Commission clearing the way for him to do so. Sheffield criticized Exxon's previous actions to bar him, stemming from accusations by the FTC that he and Hess Corp. CEO John Hess sought to coordinate with OPEC on oil pricing and output. This decision comes after a change in FTC leadership, with the new chairman having previously dissented from the original ban."], ["20250718", "M&A talk is circulating around Class I railroad carriers Union Pacific and Norfolk Southern, suggesting a deal that could create a major transcontinental railroad network. The Wall Street Journal reported Union Pacific (UNP) is in talks to acquire Norfolk Southern (NSC), with Semafor adding that Union Pacific has hired Morgan Stanley (MS) for the potential acquisition. Such a merger could offer strategic benefits, like Norfolk's Wabash line helping Union Pacific bypass eastbound traffic around Chicago."], ["20250718", "M&A chatter is circulating around Class I railroad carriers Union Pacific and Norfolk Southern, with reports suggesting Union Pacific is exploring an acquisition of its rival. Such a deal could create a railroad mega-carrier with a vast transcontinental network across the U.S. Raymond James believes Norfolk Southern's Wabash line would be a significant asset, allowing Union Pacific to bypass eastbound traffic around Chicago."], ["20250718", "M&A discussions are circulating between Class I railroad carriers Union Pacific and Norfolk Southern, with a potential deal creating a significant transcontinental rail network across the U.S. Raymond James suggests that Norfolk's Wabash line could be beneficial for Union Pacific by helping bypass eastbound traffic around Chicago. The Wall Street Journal and Semafor have reported Union Pacific's interest, including hiring investment bankers to explore the acquisition."], ["20250718", "Chevron has finalized its $53 billion acquisition of Hess Corporation after winning an arbitration against ExxonMobil regarding Hess's offshore Guyana assets, which had delayed the deal for over a year. The combined company now boasts a strong portfolio in critical energy markets, including a 30% position in Guyana's Stabroek Block and significant U.S. Bakken assets. This strategic move is expected to drive substantial free cash flow and production growth, with $1 billion in annual cost synergies anticipated by the end of 2025."], ["20250718", "HCM II Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: HOND) and Terrestrial Energy have filed a draft S-4 registration statement with the SEC for their $280 million SPAC merger. The deal will create a publicly traded company on Nasdaq under the ticker \"IMSR,\" focusing on advanced Generation IV Integral Molten Salt Reactor (IMSR) technology for small modular nuclear plants. The transaction, which includes $50 million in PIPE commitments, is anticipated to close in Q3 or Q4 2025, subject to stockholder approval."], ["20250718", "HCM II Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: HOND) and Terrestrial Energy Inc. have filed a draft registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC for their proposed business combination. The transaction, expected to close in Q3 or Q4 2025, will provide approximately $280 million in gross proceeds to accelerate the commercial deployment of Terrestrial Energy\u2019s proprietary Generation IV Integral Molten Salt Reactor (IMSR) technology. This filing includes a preliminary proxy statement/prospectus, offering details about both companies and the merger that will see the combined entity listed on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol \"IMSR.\""], ["20250718", "Crown LNG Holdings Ltd and Pipeline Infrastructure Ltd (PIL) have signed an MoU to connect Crown LNG\u2019s proposed 7.2 million tonnes per annum gravity-based LNG terminal in Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh, to PIL\u2019s existing natural gas pipeline network. This agreement, signed on July 10, aims to facilitate the evacuation of approximately 25 million standard cubic metres of gas daily to key demand centers in western and northern India. The terminal construction is slated to begin in 2026, with completion expected within four years."], ["20250718", "Diana Shipping has acquired a 7.7% stake in Genco Shipping & Trading, worth $46 million, making it one of Genco's largest shareholders. The filing is designated as 'non-passive,' indicating Diana Shipping's potential intent to influence Genco's operations or strategy. This move positions Diana Shipping alongside other major shareholders like Berge Bulk and BlackRock."], ["20250718", "Mullen Automotive Inc. is rebranding as Bollinger Innovations, Inc. and will change its NASDAQ ticker symbol to BINI. The move consolidates the Mullen and Bollinger brands, focusing on the commercial electric vehicle market, and includes the opening of a rebranded commercial vehicle center in Oceanside, California, on August 15, 2025. The company will continue to offer its Class 1 Mullen ONE, Class 3 Mullen THREE, and Class 4 Bollinger B4 Chassis Cab commercial EVs."], ["20250718", "SLB, the world\u2019s largest oil-services provider, anticipates continued industry resiliency in the second half of 2025 despite uncertainties in customer demand and activity adjustments. The company exceeded analyst expectations with its second-quarter adjusted profit, leveraging its international market presence to mitigate challenges faced by smaller, domestically focused peers. SLB's CEO emphasized capital discipline and energy security as key drivers, and the company is poised for further growth following its merger with ChampionX Corp."], ["20250718", "Alliant Energy Corporation (NASDAQ: LNT) declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.5075 per share, payable on August 15, 2025, to shareholders of record as of July 31, 2025. The company has a history of paying dividends for 319 consecutive quarters since 1946 and is recognized as a member of the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats Index. Alliant Energy provides regulated energy service to approximately 1 million electric and 430,000 natural gas customers across Iowa and Wisconsin."], ["20250718", "The Cameron LNG export project, jointly owned by Sempra Infrastructure, TotalEnergies, Mitsui & Co. Ltd., and Japan LNG Investment, has exported its 1,000th cargo from Hackberry, Louisiana. In six years of commercial operations, the LNG terminal has shipped to 37 countries. The facility also has an authorized expansion project to increase its total maximum production capacity to 21.7 mtpa."], ["20250718", "Targa Resources Corp. (NYSE:TRGP) currently has a high price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 30.2x, significantly above the market average, due to strong anticipated earnings growth. Analysts forecast an annual EPS increase of 27% over the next three years, compared to an 11% market average, which justifies the elevated P/E as investors are willing to pay more for future growth potential. The article concludes that this high P/E is supported by the expectation of continued strong performance rather than a deterioration in earnings."], ["20250717", "Vitesse Energy, Inc. (NYSE: VTS) has announced its plans to release its second quarter 2025 financial and operating results on Monday, August 4, 2025, after market close. The company will also host a conference call to discuss these results on Tuesday, August 5, 2025, at 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time. Details for joining the call via phone or webcast have been provided for interested parties."], ["20250717", "A $90 million verdict against Werner Enterprises, awarded to a family involved in a fatal 2014 crash, has been overturned by the Texas Supreme Court. The accident occurred on I-20 in Texas when an F-150 crossed a median into the path of a Werner semi-truck, resulting in severe injuries and one fatality. The Supreme Court ruled that the semi-truck driver and Werner Enterprises were not responsible, stating that the out-of-control F-150 was the sole proximate cause of the accident."], ["20250717", "The International Finance Corporation (IFC) is reportedly in talks to invest $250 million for a 30% stake in ReNew Power's commercial and industrial (C&I) energy unit, valuing the business at $800 million. However, the deal may face delays as ReNew's management is prioritizing the delisting of its parent company, ReNew Energy Global Plc, from Nasdaq. ReNew's C&I unit supplies renewable power to major clients like Amazon and Microsoft and has raised $680 million in capital over the last three years through asset sales and joint ventures."], ["20250717", "Oklo Inc. announced the successful completion of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission\u2019s (NRC) pre-application readiness assessment for Phase 1 of the combined license application for its first commercial Aurora powerhouse at Idaho National Laboratory. The NRC identified no significant gaps, affirming Oklo\u2019s readiness to proceed and supporting an efficient review process. This milestone reflects Oklo's proactive engagement with the NRC and their commitment to modernizing regulatory processes for advanced nuclear technologies, with Oklo planning to submit the first phase of its COLA this year."], ["20250717", "Oklo Inc. has selected Kiewit Corporation as the lead constructor for its first commercial Aurora advanced fission power plant at the Idaho National Laboratory. Kiewit Nuclear Solutions Co will support the design, procurement, and construction, with pre-construction expected to begin later this year and commercial operations targeted for late 2027 to early 2028. This partnership aims to accelerate delivery, reduce costs, and ensure safety in the deployment of advanced nuclear technology."], ["20250717", "The article details the ongoing legal and regulatory battles surrounding the proposed Pebble Mine in Alaska's Bristol Bay watershed, known for its sockeye salmon runs. It highlights the EPA's final determination to block the mine due to \"unacceptable adverse effects\" on the salmon fishery, and outlines various lawsuits filed by Alaska, Northern Dynasty Minerals, and Alaska Native Village corporations challenging the EPA's authority and seeking compensation. The timeline covers actions and litigation from the Obama, Trump, and Biden administrations, illustrating the complex and long-standing dispute over balancing economic development with environmental protection."], ["20250717", "LKQ Corporation is proceeding with the construction of a $26.4 million, 182,000-square-foot auto parts warehouse and vehicle recycling facility in Moses Lake, Washington. The project, backed by city and state permits, will be a major logistics hub for LKQ, creating potentially hundreds of jobs and strengthening its supply chain in the Pacific Northwest. Construction will be led by ARCO DB Companies Inc., with the facility located near Grant County International Airport."], ["20250717", "Lucid Group, Nuro, and Uber Technologies have announced a partnership to launch a next-generation premium global robotaxi program, with the first deployment expected in a major US city next year. Uber plans to deploy 20,000 or more Lucid vehicles equipped with Nuro Driver\u2122 Level 4 autonomy over six years, exclusively via the Uber platform. This collaboration combines Lucid's vehicle architecture, Nuro's self-driving technology, and Uber's extensive network, with significant investments from Uber into both Lucid and Nuro."], ["20250717", "Lucid (LCID) shares surged over 40% after Uber Technologies (UBER) announced a $300 million investment and a partnership for robotaxi development. As part of the deal, Uber will incorporate Nuro's autonomous technology into Lucid vehicles, with a commitment to deliver 20,000 robotaxis over six years. Despite this positive news, Bank of America maintained an \"Underperform\" rating and a $1 price target due to concerns about potential tariffs, leadership changes, and slowing EV demand, while other Wall Street analysts also express caution regarding the stock's current valuation."], ["20250717", "Joby Aviation's stock surged over 7% today (160% since April), driven by aggressive production scale-up, successful test flights in Dubai, and plans for commercial launches in NYC and L.A. by 2025. This momentum has also boosted other eVTOL stocks like Archer Aviation and Karman Holdings, making Joby's CEO JoeBen Bevirt a billionaire again. While analysts are optimistic on short-term gains, long-term forecasts remain mixed due to limited revenue and ongoing unprofitability, classifying Joby as a speculative investment in the burgeoning air taxi market."], ["20250717", "Forward Air Corporation (NASDAQ: FWRD) announced it would release its second-quarter 2025 earnings after market close on Monday, August 11, 2025. A conference call to discuss these results will follow at 4:30 p.m. ET, accessible via the company's investor relations website or by dialing a provided access code. A replay of the call will also be available on the website."], ["20250717", "FedEx's Chief Digital and Information Officer, Sriram Krishnasamy, has left the company following an internal investigation within its IT department. The company stated that the departure was mutually agreed upon and that Krishnasamy will serve as an executive adviser until October or earlier. The investigation was described as a \"personnel matter\" and did not prompt his exit."], ["20250717", "Italy's Eni has signed a long-term sales and purchase agreement (SPA) with U.S. firm Venture Global for 2 million tonnes per annum (mtpa) of LNG from the CP2 LNG Phase 1 project for 20 years. This marks Eni's first direct long-term deal with a U.S. LNG producer, crucial for diversifying Europe\u2019s gas supplies. The CP2 LNG facility, located in Cameron Parish, Louisiana, is expected to begin LNG exports in Q3 2027 and will have a peak production capacity of 28 mtpa."], ["20250717", "Denison Mines has announced a new high-grade uranium discovery at its Gryphon deposit in Saskatchewan, which is expected to enhance mineral resources and support further project development. Despite financial challenges indicated by TipRanks' AI Analyst, the company's strong equity and proactive corporate events offer a positive outlook for strategic growth. Denison Mines focuses on uranium exploration and development, with Gryphon being a key part of its portfolio."], ["20250717", "Chevron Corp. is approaching a production plateau in the Permian Basin, targeting 1 million barrels of oil equivalent per day through 2040. This strategy shift from growth to cash generation will allow the company to reap $5 billion in annual free cash flow by 2027 by reducing capital spending on drilling and frac crews. The move has significant implications for overall U.S. oil output as Chevron is a major producer in the region."], ["20250717", "BW LPG, a Singapore-based ship owner and operator, has secured $595 million in new financing through two facilities. These funds will be used for fleet renewal, refinancing existing debt, and ensuring liquidity for future investments, particularly supporting the acquisition of two very large gas carriers (VLGCs) for its Indian subsidiary. This move ties into BW LPG's larger strategy of acquiring twelve VLGCs from Avance Gas and aims to meet the growing demand for liquefied petroleum gas in India."], ["20250717", "Boeing and Gulf Air announced an agreement for Gulf Air to purchase 12 787 Dreamliner jets with options for six more, expanding the airline's international network. This order will bring Gulf Air's firm order book to 14 Dreamliners, supporting 30,000 U.S. jobs. The 787 Dreamliner is crucial for Gulf Air's long-haul operations, connecting over 50 destinations and reinforcing Bahrain's position as a global aviation hub."], ["20250717", "ArcBest has announced that CEO Judy R. McReynolds will retire on December 31, 2025, after 28 years with the company. She will continue to serve as chairman of the board. Seth Runser, current ArcBest president, will succeed her as CEO on January 1, 2026, retaining his president role and joining the board."], ["20250717", "Despite a 22% stock price drop over the past three months, Kolibri Global Energy (TSE:KEI) exhibits strong fundamentals, including an acceptable Return on Equity (ROE) of 11% and impressive net income growth of 41% over the last five years. The company reinvests all its profits back into the business, contributing to this substantial earnings growth, which outpaces the industry average. Although market analysts foresee a potential slowdown in earnings growth, the company's solid financial health suggests a closer look at its long-term prospects."], ["20250717", "Methanex Corporation has declared a quarterly dividend of US$0.185 per share, payable on September 30, 2025, to shareholders of record as of September 16, 2025. The Vancouver-based company is the world's largest methanol supplier and is dual-listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (MX) and the Nasdaq Global Select Market (MEOH). This announcement highlights the company's consistent dividend payment and stable cash flow management."], ["20250717", "This article discusses the conflicting analyst sentiments for energy companies Kinetik (KNTK) and Ovintiv (OVV). RBC Capital maintained a Buy rating for Kinetik with a $55.00 price target, while RBC Capital maintained a Hold rating for Ovintiv with the same price target of $55.00. Overall, Kinetik has a Moderate Buy consensus, and Ovintiv has a Strong Buy consensus among analysts."], ["20250717", "Union Pacific Corp. is reportedly exploring an acquisition of Norfolk Southern Corp., a deal that would merge two of the largest U.S. railroads and create a combined market value of almost $200 billion. The talks are in early stages, and regulatory approval would be a significant hurdle, though industry leaders believe the current political environment might be more amenable to such consolidation. If successful, the merger would transform the North American rail market and increase competitive pressure on rivals."], ["20250717", "Canadian National Railway (CN) plans to decommission portions of its railway line from Squamish to 100 Mile, impacting the Rocky Mountaineer's \"Rainforest to Gold Rush\" route. This decision has sparked discussions among BC leaders about potentially converting the corridor for passenger rail service, seeing it as a \"once-in-a-generation opportunity.\" While Rocky Mountaineer is assessing the long-term impact on its operations, local politicians are exploring the feasibility of acquiring the lease for public passenger rail or even transforming the line into an active transportation trail."], ["20250717", "Amon Maritime and Navigator Holdings have formed a joint venture, Navigator Amon Shipping AS, to construct two 51,530 cubic meter ammonia-fueled liquefied ammonia carriers. These vessels, also capable of carrying LPG, are scheduled for delivery in June and October 2028 and will be built by Nantong CIMC Sinopacific Offshore & Engineering Co., Ltd. Each vessel project received a NOK 90 million grant from the Norwegian government, and the joint venture plans to finance the majority of the purchase price through commercial bank finance."], ["20250717", "Hitachi, global investment firm Brookfield, and global commodities trading firm Hartree have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to explore funding schemes for environmentally-friendly digital infrastructure in Japan. This collaboration aims to develop grid-scale storage batteries and large-scale digital infrastructure requiring significant electricity, leveraging each company's expertise. Their goal is to build an ecosystem of partners to promote decarbonization and digital technologies for sustainable economic growth."], ["20250717", "FlyExclusive (NYSE: FLYX) has maintained its ARGUS Platinum safety rating, an accreditation it has held since 2015. This rating acknowledges the company's strong safety culture, robust risk management, and consistent regulatory compliance in its private jet services. FlyExclusive operates a vertically integrated FAA-certified air carrier with a fleet of 100 jets."], ["20250717", "Surf Air Mobility Inc. (NYSE: SRFM) completed a direct offering of 10,800,002 shares at $2.50 per share, raising $27 million to strengthen its financial position. The funds will be used for debt repayment and general corporate purposes. The company, known for its commuter airline operations and development in AI and electrified aircraft, is considered one of the best airline stocks by hedge funds."], ["20250717", "SLB has completed its acquisition of ChampionX Corp. after resolving competition concerns with regulators. The strategic acquisition aims to strengthen SLB's position in production and recovery, integrate ChampionX's chemicals, artificial lift, digital, and emissions technologies, and is expected to generate $400 million in annual pretax synergies within three years. SLB also remains on track to return $4 billion to shareholders in 2025."], ["20250717", "CVR Energy, Inc. announced it will release its second quarter 2025 earnings results on Wednesday, July 30, after market close. The company will host a teleconference call on Thursday, July 31, at 1 p.m. Eastern to discuss these results, which will be webcast live on their investor relations website. Dial-in details are provided for investors and analysts who wish to participate during the call."], ["20250717", "Idan Ofer has been revealed as the previously unknown investor in Himalaya Shipping, deepening his connection with Tor Olav Troim. Ofer's Eastern Pacific Shipping, one of the largest privately owned fleets globally, includes vessels similar to Himalaya's newcastlemaxes. The article highlights the growing ties between these prominent figures in the shipping industry."], ["20250717", "CVR Energy, Inc. announced it will release its second quarter 2025 earnings on July 30 and host a teleconference on July 31 at 1 p.m. Eastern to discuss the results. The company, a diversified holding engaged in renewables, petroleum refining, and nitrogen fertilizer manufacturing, will provide a live webcast of the call accessible on its Investor Relations website. This announcement comes amid recent insider trading activity, with significant purchases by Carl C. Icahn, and varied hedge fund movements, while analyst ratings show a \"Sell\" consensus."], ["20250717", "Institutional investors are showing renewed interest in Sasol, with massive buying in recent weeks, driven by potential Trump tariffs on Russia that could impact global oil supply. Despite a significant drop in earnings in late 2024 and ongoing operational challenges, analysts have upgraded price targets, and institutions are finding Sasol's valuation attractive relative to its future cash flow potential. However, the company still faces hurdles, including a large net debt, currency fluctuations, and lower-quality resources."], ["20250717", "Tortoise Energy Infrastructure (NYSE: TYG) announced that Rand C. Berney has resigned from its board of directors, effective Tuesday. Carrie R. Schoffman has been appointed as his successor, joining the board and chairing the Audit and Valuation Committee. Schoffman, a Certified Public Accountant with extensive experience, will also serve on the board of Tortoise Sustainable and Social Impact Term Fund."], ["20250717", "BW LPG has successfully closed two significant financing facilities totaling USD 595 million. These facilities, a USD 380 million Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility and a USD 215 million Term Loan Facility for BW LPG India, will be used to finance the acquisition of Avance Gas's fleet, refinance existing debt, and support BW LPG India's fleet renewal through the acquisition of two modern VLGCs. The financings were secured with competitive margins and strong participation from a global banking network."], ["20250717", "CI&T, a global technology transformation specialist, has been named the Digital Agency of Record (DAOR) for Volkswagen of America. In this role, CI&T will manage Volkswagen's digital marketing and ownership ecosystem in the U.S., focusing on enhancing customer experience and empowering dealers and employees. CI&T's responsibilities include strategy, design, and development for VW.com and the myVW app, leveraging GenAI tools for productivity and a product-led approach to deliver impactful digital solutions."], ["20250717", "Helix Robotics Solutions, a division of Helix Energy Solutions Group (NYSE: HLX), has secured a four-year cooperation agreement with NKT A/S. This agreement designates Helix as a key service provider for NKT's new T3600 subsea trencher, designed to be the world's most powerful, and includes an initial commitment of 800 days of vessel operations starting in 2027. The partnership aims to enhance the reliability and efficiency of critical energy infrastructure by combining Helix's robotics and offshore expertise with NKT\u2019s cable solutions."], ["20250717", "The upcoming full-electric Mercedes CLA will integrate AI-powered voice technology from the U.S. tech company Cerence. This system will allow occupants to control various in-car functions, such as climate adjustment, window operation, seat massage requests, and message writing, through voice commands. The collaboration aims to enhance the user experience in the new Mercedes EV."], ["20250716", "A New York appeals court has temporarily suspended Judge Loretta Preska's order for Argentina to transfer 51% of YPF shares as compensation in a US$16 billion lawsuit. The dispute originated from Argentina's 2012 re-nationalization of YPF, which led to the bankruptcy of two companies in the Petersen Group that held a stake in YPF, whose litigation rights were subsequently acquired by a hedge fund that sued Argentina. The article outlines a detailed timeline of events leading up to Preska's recent rulings and the subsequent appeals."], ["20250716", "\u3053\u306e\u8a18\u4e8b\u306f\u3001\u30d0\u30f3\u30ac\u30fc\u30c9\u30fb\u30a8\u30ca\u30b8\u30fcETF (VDE ETF) \u304c\u4e0d\u5b89\u5b9a\u306a\u5e02\u5834\u3067\u30c8\u30ec\u30fc\u30c0\u30fc\u306b\u3068\u3063\u3066\u3069\u306e\u3088\u3046\u306b\u6709\u7528\u304b\u306b\u3064\u3044\u3066\u89e3\u8aac\u3057\u3066\u3044\u307e\u3059\u3002VDE ETF\u306f\u7c73\u56fd\u30a8\u30cd\u30eb\u30ae\u30fc\u30bb\u30af\u30bf\u30fc\u3078\u306e\u5e45\u5e83\u3044\u30a8\u30af\u30b9\u30dd\u30fc\u30b8\u30e3\u30fc\u3092\u63d0\u4f9b\u3057\u3001\u539f\u6cb9\u4fa1\u683c\u3084\u5730\u653f\u5b66\u7684\u7dca\u5f35\u306b\u654f\u611f\u306a\u30c8\u30ec\u30fc\u30c0\u30fc\u306b\u3068\u3063\u3066\u6709\u52b9\u306a\u30c4\u30fc\u30eb\u3068\u306a\u308a\u307e\u3059\u3002\u8a18\u4e8b\u3067\u306f\u3001\u30d5\u30a1\u30f3\u30c9\u69cb\u9020\u3001\u7d4c\u8cbb\u7387\u3001\u6d41\u52d5\u6027\u3001\u914d\u5f53\u5229\u56de\u308a\u306a\u3069\u3001\u30c8\u30ec\u30fc\u30c0\u30fc\u304c VDE ETF \u3092\u6d3b\u7528\u3059\u308b\u305f\u3081\u306e\u5177\u4f53\u7684\u306a\u60c5\u5831\u3082\u63d0\u4f9b\u3055\u308c\u3066\u3044\u307e\u3059\u3002"], ["20250716", "RB Global, the parent company of Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers, has acquired U.S. equipment auctioneer J.M. Wood Auction Co. This acquisition aims to combine J.M. Wood's regional expertise and customer relationships with Ritchie Bros.' global network, digital capabilities, and services. The leaders of both companies emphasized the shared values of trust, integrity, and customer focus in this strategic move."], ["20250716", "Penske Automotive Group, Inc. (NYSE: PAG) announced it will release its financial results for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, on Wednesday, July 30, 2025. The company will host a conference call and audio webcast to discuss these results later that day at 2:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time. Details for accessing the call and webcast replay are provided for investors."], ["20250716", "Oklo has selected Kiewit Nuclear Solutions as the lead constructor for its first commercial Aurora powerhouse at Idaho National Laboratory (INL). The project, known as Aurora-INL, expects pre-construction to begin in 2025 with commercial operations targeted for late 2027 to early 2028. The Aurora powerhouse utilizes a 75 MW small fast neutron fission reactor with integrated solar panels, offering more efficient use of uranium resources and the ability to burn actinides."], ["20250716", "The state-run Korea Electric Power Corp. (KEPCO) has secured approximately 5.5 trillion won ($3.96 billion) in initial funding for its energy projects in Saudi Arabia, primarily for the Al Sadawi photovoltaic project and the Rumah-1 and Al Nairyah-1 independent power plant projects. This financing, structured as project finance without KEPCO guarantees, was secured from institutions like the Export-Import Bank of Korea and other international commercial banks. These projects, including the 2-gigawatt Al Sadawi solar project and the 3.6GW Rumah-1 and Al Nairyah-1 plants, are crucial for Saudi Arabia's energy transition and are expected to generate substantial revenue over their 25-year lifespans."], ["20250716", "J.B. Hunt Transport Services is implementing peak season surcharges earlier than usual this year due to uncertainties in global trade policies and varying customer forecasts. The company aims to prepare for potential volatility and ensure it doesn't absorb unexpected costs. While some customers anticipate a surge in volume due to new tariffs, others expect stable demand, leading J.B. Hunt to proactively manage capacity."], ["20250716", "FedEx has confirmed layoffs, including some positions in Memphis, as part of ongoing long-term cost-cutting initiatives. These measures have also involved facility closures aimed at streamling company operations."], ["20250716", "Delta Air Lines has agreed to pay $8.1 million to settle allegations that it violated the False Claims Act by breaching compensation caps set under the Payroll Support Program (PSP) during the COVID-19 pandemic. The airline allegedly exceeded executive and employee compensation limits and falsely certified compliance, leading to the settlement without an admission of wrongdoing. A whistleblower will receive $850,500 as part of the resolution."], ["20250716", "Crown LNG Holdings Ltd. (NASDAQ: CGBS) saw its stock plunge over 55% in after-hours trading after a 39.48% drop during regular hours, following notification of its impending delisting from NASDAQ due to noncompliance with listing rules. The company will not appeal the decision and plans to move its shares to over-the-counter markets. This decline follows earlier non-compliance notices and broader impacts from global energy sector events and oil price fluctuations."], ["20250716", "General Motors announced it will move production of the Cadillac Escalade from its Arlington Assembly plant in Texas to Orion Assembly in Michigan starting in early 2027. This shift aims to meet strong customer demand for light-duty pickups and SUVs, including the Escalade, as the Orion plant is being retooled for gas products instead of becoming an EV-exclusive facility. The Arlington plant, which has been building GM vehicles since 1954, will continue to produce models like the Chevrolet Tahoe, Suburban, and GMC Yukon."], ["20250716", "Pipeline Infrastructure Ltd (PIL) and Crown LNG Holdings Ltd have signed an initial agreement to establish pipeline connectivity between Crown LNG\u2019s proposed terminal and PIL\u2019s existing pipeline network in Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh. This partnership will connect Crown LNG's 7.2 MTPA Gravity-based Structure and Regasification Unit (GBSRU) at Kakinada to PIL's 1,400-km pipeline, enabling Crown LNG to transport imported natural gas and diversify India's gas supply. The agreement, signed on July 10, marks a significant step in expanding gas access in the region."], ["20250716", "United Airlines refined its 2025 profit outlook, forecasting adjusted earnings between $9 and $11 per share due to reduced geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty and resilient demand. Despite this adjustment, the stock remained under pressure following a mixed earnings report and ongoing macroeconomic concerns. The airline noted a pickup in demand during July."], ["20250716", "Evergy Kansas has reached a unanimous settlement agreement, pending Kansas Corporation Commission approval, to raise residential base rates by 9.6%, resulting in an approximate $9 monthly increase for average residential customers. This increase is in addition to a previously approved 8.6% rate hike for new natural gas and solar plants, leading to concerns about \"rate shock\" from consistent rate escalations. The settlement also includes a $128 million overall rate increase, affecting schools, churches, and industrial customers, and sets the return on equity for investors at 9.7%."], ["20250716", "Valero Energy Corp. (VLO) stock significantly underperformed on Wednesday, dropping 3.77% to $143.19, despite a positive trading session for the broader market. This marks the fourth consecutive day of losses for Valero. The S&P 500 Index and Dow Jones Industrial Average both saw gains, rising 0.32% and 0.53% respectively."], ["20250716", "ONEOK (NYSE: OKE) has declared a quarterly dividend of $1.03 per share, maintaining its annualized dividend at $4.12 per share. The dividend is payable on August 14, 2025, to shareholders of record as of August 1, 2025. ONEOK is a leading midstream operator in North America, managing a 60,000-mile pipeline network for various energy products."], ["20250716", "Via Renewables, Inc. (NASDAQ:VIASP) announced it will redeem 319,216 shares of its 8.75% Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock. The redemption price will be $25.00 per share plus accumulated and unpaid dividends of $0.23497 per share, with the redemption date set for August 15, 2025. The redemption will follow DTC's procedures, and a Notice of Partial Redemption has been issued to shareholders."], ["20250716", "Sonic Automotive is expanding its business beyond traditional franchise auto dealerships by focusing on omnichannel sales for new and used vehicles. The company is streamlining the car-buying process to be nearly paperless and quicker for customers. Additionally, Sonic Automotive is developing a powersports segment, initially concentrating on motorcycle dealerships like Harley-Davidson, with plans for further acquisitions."], ["20250716", "United Airlines reported a second-quarter profit ahead of Wall Street expectations and increased both earnings and pre-tax margin in the first half of 2025 compared to 2024. The airline anticipates a positive shift in demand and supply in the third quarter, with booking demand accelerating since early July and industry supply inflection expected in mid-August. United updated its full-year adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance to $9.00 to $11.00, citing less geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty."], ["20250716", "Pipeline Infrastructure Ltd (PIL) and Crown LNG Holdings Ltd have signed an MoU to establish pipeline connectivity between Crown LNG's proposed terminal and PIL's existing pipeline network in Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh. This collaboration is expected to enhance the utilisation of PIL's pipeline network by providing an evacuation solution for Crown LNG's regasification unit, facilitating the transport of approximately 25 million standard cubic meters per day of gas to key demand centers across India. Crown LNG plans to begin construction of its terminal in 2026, with completion expected within four years."], ["20250716", "Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLP has filed a securities class action lawsuit against XPLR Infrastructure, LP (NYSE: XIFR) on behalf of investors who purchased units between September 27, 2023, and January 27, 2025. The lawsuit alleges that XPLR misrepresented its operational stability as a yieldco, engaged in risky financing, and planned to halt investor cash distributions, ultimately causing a nearly 35% stock drop when the dividend suspension was announced. Investors are encouraged to join the case by September 8, 2025."], ["20250716", "Faraday Future (NASDAQ: FFAI) has secured $105 million in new financing, including $82 million in new commitments, to fund its aggressive growth strategy, launch the FX Super One, and advance its position in the AIEV market. The funds will accelerate development and distribution for FF and FX brands, support the FX Super One's initial production ramp, and are expected to provide sufficient capital for the product launch. The company also disclosed receiving a Wells Notice from the SEC, indicating a preliminary determination to recommend an enforcement action against the company and some executives for alleged anti-fraud violations related to previous financing and a former executive's role."], ["20250716", "Workhorse Group Inc. is considering a strategic merger with a U.S.-based electric commercial vehicle manufacturer. This potential deal aims to reshape Workhorse's business, including refinancing existing debt and possibly involving a sale-leaseback of its manufacturing facility. The company's stock has risen by 10.8% due to positive investor sentiment surrounding these strategic discussions, which could enhance Workhorse's market competitiveness and facilitate a resurgence."], ["20250716", "Marten Transport, Ltd. reported a decrease in net income for the second quarter and first six months of 2025 compared to 2024, alongside a decline in operating revenue. Executive Chairman Randolph L. Marten attributed the pressure to the freight market recession, increased operating costs, and freight rate reductions, while highlighting the value of their dedicated and brokerage operations. The company plans to focus on minimizing these impacts and investing in organic growth opportunities."], ["20250716", "Fusion Fuel Green PLC (NASDAQ: HTOO) issued a shareholder update detailing strategic progress and its positive outlook. The company addressed Nasdaq compliance, completed a reverse stock split, and restructured its capital. Key drivers in its growth include its Al Shola Gas subsidiary, which secured significant new orders and contracts, and strategic M&A activities, alongside the expansion of its BrightHy Solutions subsidiary."], ["20250716", "Fusion Fuel Green PLC announced significant strategic developments, including a 1-for-35 reverse stock split to regain Nasdaq compliance and securing $2.58 million in financing plus a $25 million equity line. The company's subsidiary, Al Shola Gas, secured over $7.4 million in new orders and renewals, targeting $20 million in revenue for 2025, and Fusion Fuel is negotiating a \u00a350 million acquisition of a UK fuel distribution company. These actions are part of a broader turnaround strategy following a subsidiary insolvency, aimed at stabilizing operations and driving growth."], ["20250716", "Eaton (NYSE: ETN) has signed an agreement to acquire Resilient Power Systems Inc., a North American developer of innovative energy solutions including solid-state transformer-based technology. This acquisition targets fast-growing markets like EV charging, data centers, and energy storage, leveraging Resilient's ultra-compact EV charging depots that connect directly to the existing distribution grid. The transaction is expected to close in Q3 2025, enhancing Eaton's capabilities in intelligent power management and accelerating the adoption of next-generation power distribution."], ["20250716", "Faraday Future has secured $105 million in new financing, including $82 million in new commitments, to fund its aggressive growth strategy. This capital will support the launch of its new product, FX Super One, and accelerate development and distribution efforts for its FF and FX brands and AI-related technologies. While the financing is a significant step, the company also disclosed receiving a Wells Notice from the SEC, indicating potential enforcement actions related to alleged anti-fraud violations from 2021."], ["20250716", "Brookfield Renewable possesses a globally diversified portfolio of clean energy assets and aims for 12%-15% returns through organic growth and strategic, often contrarian, acquisitions. The company's diversified approach is highlighted as particularly well-suited to meet the increasing demand from data centers. This analysis by Morningstar evaluates Brookfield Renewable's strategy in the context of its financial performance and market opportunities."], ["20250716", "FLEX LNG Ltd.'s current P/E ratio of 11.5x is significantly lower than the broader U.S. market, largely due to its declining earnings over the past year and three years. Analysts forecast future growth for FLEX LNG to be 5.9% annually, which is considerably less than the 11% projected for the broader market, justifying its low P/E ratio. Investors are cautious about the company's future earnings potential, indicating that a strong rise in share price is unlikely in the near term."], ["20250716", "Blink Charging has announced its acquisition of Zemetric, a company specializing in customized charging infrastructure solutions. The deal, expected to close by July 11, 2025, will see Zemetric's founding team join Blink's leadership, enhancing Blink's technological offerings and market reach in EV charging."], ["20250716", "CF Industries has successfully started its CO2 dehydration and compression unit at the Donaldsonville Complex in Louisiana, marking a significant step towards decarbonization. This initiative, in collaboration with ExxonMobil, facilitates the permanent geological sequestration of up to 2 million metric tons of CO2 annually and will enable CF Industries to produce approximately 1.9 million tons of low-carbon ammonia, qualifying for significant 45Q tax credits. The project underscores a strategic business decision positioning CF Industries at the forefront of the low-carbon economy."], ["20250716", "SLB (NYSE: SLB) announced its second-quarter 2025 results, reporting revenue of $8.55 billion, an increase of 1% sequentially. GAAP EPS was $0.74, up 28% sequentially, while adjusted EBITDA reached $2.05 billion. The company highlighted steady performance despite global uncertainties and ongoing strategic initiatives, including the acquisition of ChampionX and new contract awards."], ["20250716", "Over the last year, insiders at Old Dominion Freight Line sold US$32 million worth of stock, raising concerns for shareholders despite a substantial transaction occurring above the current share price. While the company boasts 8.0% insider ownership, suggesting aligned management incentives, the recent selling activity warrants further investigation by investors. The article highlights that selling activity can have various explanations, but significant insider sells, especially by multiple insiders, should prompt shareholders to investigate deeper into the company's prospects."], ["20250716", "General Motors and Redwood Materials have signed an agreement to accelerate the deployment of energy storage systems using both new U.S.-manufactured batteries from GM and second-life battery packs from GM electric vehicles. This collaboration aims to meet the surging demand for grid-scale batteries and backup power, driven by factors like AI data centers. The initiative strengthens domestic energy and manufacturing independence by utilizing a combination of new and repurposed GM batteries in Redwood's energy storage systems."], ["20250715", "NEXTERA ENERGY INC. disclosed $60,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, focusing on clean energy and energy tax provisions. The company's stock has seen significant congressional trading with 13 trades in the past six months, along with insider sales exceeding $3 million and substantial hedge fund activity. Analysts maintain a positive outlook, with several buy ratings and a median price target of $90.0."], ["20250715", "UPS (NYSE: UPS) announced it will release its 2025 second-quarter results on July 29, 2025, at approximately 6:00 a.m. Eastern Time. Following the release, CEO Carol Tom\u00e9 and CFO Brian Dykes will host an investor conference call at 8:30 a.m. ET, which will be accessible to the public via a live webcast on the UPS Investor Relations page."], ["20250715", "Textron Aviation is introducing three new executive interior schemes\u2014Lunar, Obsidian, and Saddle Sport\u2014for its Cessna Grand Caravan EX aircraft, expanding customization options for customers. These new interiors, along with premium versions featuring quilted stitching, aim to enhance comfort and enjoyment. Additionally, both Cessna Caravan and Grand Caravan EX aircraft will now include eight USB-C chargers as standard, providing 16 charging points for passengers."], ["20250715", "PG&E has reported a 42% reduction in methane emissions from its gas pipeline system in 2024 compared to its 2015 baseline, exceeding its 2025 goal of a 20% reduction. The company has also set a new voluntary target to achieve a 45% reduction by 2030 and aims for a net-zero emissions energy system by 2040. This achievement is attributed to enhanced leak survey programs, advanced detection technologies, and strategic implementation of gas mitigation technologies."], ["20250715", "Shares of National Fuel Gas (NFG) rose after receiving a rare double upgrade from a Wall Street analyst. Kalei Akamine of BofA Securities upgraded his rating on NFG to Buy from Underperform, prompting the stock increase."], ["20250715", "Joby Aviation is expanding its manufacturing capacity in Marina, California, doubling its aircraft production space to 435,500 square feet and adding hundreds of jobs. The company also ramped up its facility in Dayton, Ohio, and introduced a new aircraft to its fleet, accelerating production and flight testing. These expansions leverage Toyota's manufacturing expertise and Joby's vertical integration to scale commercial operations for electric air taxis."], ["20250715", "Joby Aviation, Inc. announced the expansion of its manufacturing facility in Marina, California, doubling its aircraft production capacity to approximately 435,500 square feet. The company also added a new aircraft to its fleet, marking an acceleration in production efforts. This expansion, along with ramping up operations in a newly renovated facility in Dayton, Ohio, leverages Toyota's manufacturing playbook to enhance scale, quality, and efficiency, and is expected to create hundreds of new jobs."], ["20250715", "Granite Construction has secured a $111 million contract from the Utah Dept. of Transportation for the rehabilitation of a three-mile stretch of the Interstate 215 corridor in Salt Lake City. The project involves resurfacing 175,000 tons of asphalt, upgrading 22 bridges, and installing new ramp metering equipment. Construction is slated to begin on August 1 and is expected to conclude by November 2026."], ["20250715", "US-based dry bulk owner Genco Shipping & Trading has secured an amended and upsized revolving credit facility, increasing its borrowing capacity to $600m. This credit line, which extends to 2030 with improved pricing, positions the company for future growth and fleet expansion. Genco currently has $100m drawn, leaving $500m available for acquisitions and other corporate uses."], ["20250715", "Emerson has launched the Ovation\u2122 AI-enabled Virtual Advisor, the first generative artificial intelligence (GenAI) advisor integrated into an automation system specifically for the power and water industries. This new system provides real-time insights to optimize operations, detect anomalies, forecast maintenance issues, and support strategic decision-making. The Ovation Virtual Advisor utilizes localized GenAI and Emerson's domain expertise to offer dynamic system guidance and contextual support through natural language interaction, enhancing reliability and sustainability of critical infrastructure."], ["20250715", "emotion3D and DXC Technology announced a collaboration to enhance in-cabin car user experience through advanced analysis software and intuitive design. Featured at DXC Tech Days 2025, their joint solution focuses on improving automotive safety, comfort, and personalization, integrating emotion3D\u2019s real-time in-cabin analysis with DXC\u2019s digital systems expertise. This partnership aims to create modular, adaptable technology for software-defined vehicles, setting a new standard for intelligent and intuitive in-cabin experiences."], ["20250715", "Critical Metals Corp. (Nasdaq: CRML) has commenced a 2000m resource diamond drilling program at its Tanbreez Rare Earth Project in Greenland, aiming to significantly increase the existing Mineral Resource Estimate. This initiative is a crucial step towards bringing the project into commercial production by 2026 to meet growing Western demand for rare earth materials. The company also expects to release new drill results from its 2024 campaign soon and remains on track to finalize reports for financial partners and regulators by Q4 2025."], ["20250715", "Critical Metals (NASDAQ: CRML) has initiated a 2,000-metre drilling program at its Tanbreez rare earth project in Greenland to expand the resource ahead of a feasibility study. The project, located on a 4.7-billion-tonne mineralized unit, is estimated to hold nearly 45 million tonnes of rare earths, with significant heavy rare earth content. The drilling campaign, focusing on the Fjord deposit, aims to significantly increase the mineral resource estimate and support a bankable feasibility study, with shares soaring on the news."], ["20250715", "Baker Hughes and Petronas have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to jointly explore business initiatives aimed at supporting Asia's energy expansion and transition. This collaboration will focus on enhancing local supply chain capabilities, implementing various technology solutions including enhanced LNG services, digital solutions, and sustainable energy solutions like carbon capture, while also expanding Baker Hughes' repair facilities in Malaysia. This strategic partnership builds on a long-standing relationship between the two companies, with a shared goal of sustainable energy development and delivering cleaner energy solutions for the region."], ["20250715", "Brookfield Asset Management and Google have signed a Hydro Framework Agreement (HFA) to provide up to 3,000 megawatts (MW) of carbon-free hydroelectric capacity across the United States. This marks the world's largest corporate clean power deal for hydroelectricity, with initial contracts worth over $3 billion for 670 MW from Brookfield's Holtwood and Safe Harbor facilities in Pennsylvania. The HFA supports Google's goal of 24/7 carbon-free operations and Brookfield's strategy to deliver flexible clean energy to the technology sector."], ["20250715", "NANO Nuclear Energy has partnered with AECOM to deploy its KRONOS MMR micro nuclear reactor at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign (UIUC). AECOM will provide site-specific engineering and environmental analysis to facilitate obtaining a construction permit from the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission. This initiative aims to advance the real-world deployment of next-generation nuclear technology and position NANO Nuclear at the forefront of the microreactor industry."], ["20250715", "Occidental Petroleum Corp. (OXY) stock experienced a 5.28% decline to $42.69 on Tuesday, underperforming the broader market. This drop occurred during a generally poor trading session where the S&P 500 Index fell 0.40% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average decreased by 0.98%. This marks the second consecutive day of losses for Occidental Petroleum Corp."], ["20250715", "Blackstone plans to invest $25 billion in Pennsylvania to develop data centers and natural gas power plants. This initiative aims to co-locate energy-intensive data centers directly with power generation facilities, addressing long wait times for powering such centers, which is a significant bottleneck in AI expansion. By partnering with an electric utility, Blackstone will build multiple natural gas plants to fuel these data centers."], ["20250715", "Joby Aviation is expanding its Marina, California production facility to double its annual electric vertical takeoff and landing (eVTOL) air taxi output to 24 aircraft, moving closer to its goal of an electric aerial ridesharing service. The company is actively pursuing FAA type inspection authorization and testing with the U.S. Air Force, with plans to launch passenger flights in the UAE by early next year and subsequently in U.S. cities with partners like Delta and Uber. Toyota, Joby's largest investor, provides crucial funding and engineering expertise, supporting Joby's domestic design, manufacturing, and testing efforts, while a larger facility in Dayton, Ohio, is envisioned to eventually produce 500 aircraft annually."], ["20250715", "Blink Charging has acquired 100% of Zemetric, a US-based charging infrastructure company specializing in fleet, multi-family, and high-utilization destination charging, in a move to strengthen Blink's offering in the fleet sector. The acquisition is expected to close by mid-July 2025, with Zemetric's founding team joining Blink in leadership roles. This strategic move aims to integrate Zemetric's innovative tech solutions and expertise into Blink's portfolio, enhancing its commercial charging solutions and driving towards profitability."], ["20250715", "CF Industries has successfully started up the dehydration and compression unit of its carbon capture and storage (CCS) project with ExxonMobil at its Donaldsonville complex in Louisiana. This project aims to reduce CO2 emissions by up to two million metric tons annually, with ExxonMobil handling the transport and storage of the captured emissions. CF Industries anticipates producing about 1.9 million metric tons of low-carbon ammonia once the CCS project is fully operational."], ["20250715", "China's Geely has sweetened its bid to take its electric vehicle (EV) maker Zeekr private, just over a year after Zeekr began trading in New York. This move comes as one of the biggest U.S. listings by a Chinese company in recent years. The details of the sweetened bid were not fully disclosed in the provided content."], ["20250715", "NETSOL Technologies China has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Tianjin Binhai Smart Group Co., Ltd. and the Dongjiang Free Trade Port Zone Government during the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) Summit in Tianjin, China. The partnership will focus on integrated financial services for the automotive industry and cross-border data services. This collaboration underscores NETSOL's role as a key player in cross-border digital innovation and a global enabler of digital finance, aligning with the principles of the Shanghai Spirit and expanding its reach in the SCO and Belt and Road regions."], ["20250715", "Smackover Lithium, a joint venture between Standard Lithium and Equinor, announced it has recorded the highest lithium concentration to date in its South West Arkansas (SWA) Project area, reaching 616 mg/L lithium in brine from the Lester well. This well concludes Phase 1 subsurface exploration, and the exceptional results, significantly higher than expected, are bolstering confidence as the team works to complete FEED studies and targets a Final Investment Decision by year-end 2025. The high-grade discovery is a positive step towards advancing the SWA Project through off-take negotiations and project financing."], ["20250715", "Hut 8 Corp. has announced a corporate rebrand to better align its external positioning with its strategic focus as an energy infrastructure platform integrating power, digital infrastructure, and compute. This rebranding follows a year of strategic execution under new leadership, during which the company expanded its energy infrastructure, developed AI data center opportunities, and restructured its Bitcoin mining business. The company emphasizes a power-first, innovation-driven approach and maintains its name, Hut 8, in recognition of its legacy of technical innovation."], ["20250715", "J.B. Hunt Transport Services reported a decrease in second-quarter earnings, with profit falling to $128.6 million or $1.31 per share, compared to $135.9 million or $1.32 a year prior. The decline was primarily attributed to increased medical expenses, insurance costs, and higher professional driver wages and equipment-related expenses. Analysts had expected earnings of $1.29 per share for the Lowell, Ark.-based company."], ["20250715", "Core Natural Resources (CNR) emerged in January 2025 from the merger of CONSOL Energy and Arch Resources, becoming a leading US coal producer with a focus on efficiency and exports. Despite strong buybacks that support shareholder returns, its current valuation is considered fair with limited upside, leading to a \"Hold\" rating. Risks include declining coal demand and ESG pressures, which are balanced against its underlying stability."], ["20250715", "American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc. (AAM) stockholders have approved the proposed acquisition of Dowlais Group plc. This combination is expected to create a leading global driveline and metal forming supplier with annual revenues of approximately $12 billion, with the deal anticipated to close in the fourth quarter of 2025. Dowlais shareholders are scheduled to vote on the scheme and special resolution on July 22, 2025."], ["20250715", "The XLU ETF, which tracks the utilities sector, is poised for a breakout towards $100 by 2026 due to surging electricity demand, supportive federal deregulation, and an attractive valuation. With forecasts projecting a 25% increase in U.S. power consumption by 2030 driven by data centers and EVs, and a favorable interest rate environment, XLU is seen as a strong buy. The ETF's current trading price of $71.08 presents a rare entry point for investors seeking yield and growth in a sector undergoing fundamental repricing."], ["20250715", "ESS Tech, a manufacturer of iron flow long-duration energy storage systems, has secured $31 million in insider-led funding. This financing includes a standby equity purchase agreement, a sale-leaseback, short-term loans, and a production tax credit transaction. The funding aims to strengthen the company's cash position, support its Energy Base product, and facilitate ongoing strategic execution."], ["20250715", "Joby Aviation announced the expansion of its manufacturing site in Marina, California, doubling its aircraft production capacity to approximately 435,500 square feet, and added a new aircraft to its fleet. The company is also ramping up its newly renovated facility in Dayton, Ohio, to manufacture and test aircraft components, leveraging Toyota's manufacturing expertise to scale production efficiently. These expansions are crucial steps for Joby as it prepares to scale production and enter the commercial air taxi market, supported by strong vertical integration and local government grants."], ["20250715", "Duke Energy (NYSE: DUK) has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.065 per share on its common stock, an increase of $0.02, payable on Sept. 16, 2025. The company also declared a quarterly cash dividend on its Series A preferred stock of $359.375 per share, equivalent to $0.359375 per depositary share, also payable on Sept. 16, 2025. This marks the 99th consecutive year Duke Energy has paid a cash dividend on its common stock."], ["20250714", "InnSuites Hospitality Trust (IHT) has declared its 55th consecutive annual dividend of $0.01 per share, payable on August 7, 2025. The company reported strong hotel operations and progress in its diversification investments in UniGen Power and IBC Hotels. IHT also announced its Fiscal 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held on August 14, 2025."], ["20250714", "Verra Mobility has partnered with Sixt to offer electronic toll payments for car renters in six major Italian cities. This initiative aims to streamline the toll payment process for tourists, given Italy's extensive toll road network and high tourist traffic. The technology allows automatic toll payments, providing a faster and more seamless experience for rental car users."], ["20250714", "Tesla is set to face a jury trial over alleged Autopilot defects in the *Benavides v. Tesla* case, following a summary judgment opinion that largely rejected Tesla's defense. The case involves a fatal crash where a Tesla Model S, operating on Autopilot, ran a stop sign, killing a 22-year-old college student. The court found that a reasonable jury could conclude Autopilot was defectively designed because it could be activated on inappropriate roads and failed to adequately ensure driver attention, also allowing the claim for punitive damages to proceed."], ["20250714", "Taseko Mines Ltd has updated the technical report for its 100%-owned Yellowhead Copper Project in British Columbia, revealing significantly improved economics with an after-tax NPV of CAN$2.0 billion and a 25-year mine life. The enhancements are attributed to strengthening copper prices, engineering optimizations, and a potential CAN$540 million Clean Technology Manufacturing Investment Tax Credit. The project is poised to become a major North American copper producer, crucial for addressing future supply deficits."], ["20250714", "San Miguel Global Power Holdings Corp. (SMGP) is planning a securities offering of up to $150 million in senior perpetual capital securities to fund costs related to exchange offers and issuance of additional securities. Remaining funds will be used for pre-development costs of solar and hydropower energy projects and capital expenditures for battery energy storage system projects, explicitly excluding coal-fired and LNG assets. SMGP also invites eligible holders to exchange existing US dollar-denominated securities for new ones."], ["20250714", "NANO Nuclear Energy is advancing its KRONOS MMR\u2122 micro nuclear reactor construction and deployment program at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign (UIUC). The company has engaged AECOM for engineering and environmental services, which will include detailed environmental reviews, regulatory planning, and site drilling to support the construction permit application to the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC). This project aims to demonstrate the KRONOS MMR\u2122 platform and establish UIUC as a key research and training hub for clean, resilient energy."], ["20250714", "Hafnia, a product tanker company, has secured a $715 million revolving credit facility backed by 32 modern vessels and supported by 11 international banks. This seven-year facility offers a competitive margin and a 20-year age-adjusted amortization, enhancing the company's liquidity, lowering its cost of capital, and positioning it for future growth. The financing also includes an uncommitted accordion feature of up to $417 million for additional flexibility."], ["20250714", "Ultium Cells, a joint venture between General Motors and LG Energy Solution, will upgrade its Spring Hill, Tennessee battery cell manufacturing facility to produce low-cost lithium iron phosphate (LFP) battery cells. This strategic move, building on a prior $2.3 billion investment, aims to diversify GM's EV portfolio by complementing existing high-nickel solutions with more affordable LFP technology, with commercial production expected by late 2027. The upgrade is anticipated to significantly reduce battery pack costs and expand consumer choice in the EV market while reinforcing U.S. battery innovation and manufacturing."], ["20250714", "General Motors is heavily investing in a battery-powered future by expanding its Ultium Cells facilities in Spring Hill, Tennessee, to produce lithium iron phosphate (LFP) battery cells, and developing its new Ancker-Johnson Battery Cell Development Center in Warren, Michigan. These efforts aim to advance new battery chemistries like LFP and lithium manganese rich (LMR) to improve range, performance, and affordability for EVs, while strengthening a U.S.-based EV supply chain. GM plans to be the first to commercialize LMR prismatic battery cells and aims for full LFP production by late 2027."], ["20250714", "Canadian Natural Resources Limited (TSE:CNQ) has delivered a massive 392% total shareholder return over the last five years, significantly outperforming its 280% share price gain due to substantial dividend payments. The company's earnings per share have grown by 22% annually over the same period, while the share price has increased by an average of 31% per year, indicating increased market confidence. Despite a recent 7.9% downturn over the past year, long-term investors have seen strong annual returns."], ["20250714", "Brenmiller Energy's bGen thermal energy storage solution has been selected for a large-scale European solar energy project, which is set to receive approximately \u20ac4 million in funding from the EU Innovation Fund. This marks the second bGen project to secure EU non-dilutive funding within two months, highlighting its potential to decarbonize industrial heat and steam generation. The project, expected to avoid 1.45 million tons of CO2 equivalent over ten years and increase energy efficiency by 104%, positions Brenmiller Europe to supply 5 MWe of bGen systems."], ["20250714", "Brava Energia S.A. (B3:BRAV3) announced the approval of its 9th debenture issuance, totaling up to 3 billion debentures with a nominal value of R$1.00 each, coordinated by Banco Bradesco BBI S.A. The issuance, amounting to US$500 million, has a five-year maturity and aims to optimize the company's capital structure by redeeming existing convertible debentures with a higher interest rate and extending the amortization profile. This move is expected to reduce the average cost of its financial obligations by hedging foreign exchange exposure with derivative instruments, resulting in a dollarized cost of 8.7% per year."], ["20250714", "Alliance Resource Partners, L.P. (NASDAQ: ARLP) will release its second quarter 2025 financial results on Monday, July 28, 2025, before the market opens. Management will host a conference call at 10:00 a.m. Eastern on the same day to discuss these results. Investors can join the call via dedicated phone numbers or through the \"Investors\" section of ARLP's website, with an audio replay available for about one week."], ["20250714", "Powerfleet has introduced an automated AI risk intervention module designed to enhance driver safety by proactively detecting, assessing, and preventing risks in real-time. This AI-powered application, integrated into Powerfleet's Unity ecosystem, replaces traditional manual video reviews with an automated system that identifies risky driving patterns like fatigue and distraction. The module aims to shift safety operations from reactive to proactive, offering benefits such as reduced video review time, lower insurance costs, and improved overall safety outcomes."], ["20250714", "Gauzy, in collaboration with Research Frontiers, announced that its SPD smart glass is now in serial production for GM\u2019s Cadillac CELESTIQ, with the first customer deliveries underway. This marks the debut of the industry's largest multi-zone dimmable roof enabled by SPD smart variable tint technology. The smart glass enhances passenger comfort and supports EV performance goals by reducing HVAC energy consumption, blocking visible light, UV rays, and IR radiation."], ["20250714", "InnSuites Hospitality Trust (IHT) has declared its 55th consecutive annual dividend of $0.01 per share, reflecting strong hotel operations and progress in investments like UniGen's clean energy innovation and IBC Hotels. The company also announced its Fiscal 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders for August 14, 2025, and highlighted record revenues for its Tucson and Albuquerque hotels in the current fiscal year. IHT continues to emphasize its diversification efforts and future prospects."], ["20250714", "Brazil Potash (NYSE-American: GRO) has signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Fictor Energia for a significant infrastructure deal and equity investment for its Autazes Project. Fictor Energia will fund the ~$200 million construction of a 102-mile power transmission line, removing this cost from Brazil Potash's budget. Additionally, Fictor Energia plans a $20 million equity investment, with the infrastructure expected to be operational by July 2029, aligning with the project's production timeline."], ["20250714", "Stock Titan provides a comprehensive resource for Schneider National, Inc. (SNDR) SEC filings, including annual 10-K reports, quarterly 10-Q reports, and 8-K material event disclosures. The platform offers AI-powered summaries to help investors and traders understand the company's financial condition, operating performance, and material corporate events more efficiently. It also tracks insider trading activities via Form 4 and provides various stock rankings and data for SNDR."], ["20250714", "PureCycle, a polypropylene recycling firm, has achieved commercial production at its Ohio plant and secured $300 million in new capital. The company plans a $2 billion global expansion by the end of the decade, aiming for 450,000 metric tons per year of capacity across new plants in Thailand, Belgium, and the US. This expansion leverages lessons from the Ohio plant's start-up and targets increasing demand for recycled polymer content."], ["20250714", "NaaS Technology (NAAS) has announced a 1-for-4 reverse ADS split, changing its ADS ratio from 1 ADS to 800 Class A ordinary shares to 1 ADS to 3,200 Class A ordinary shares, effective July 30, 2025. JPMorgan Chase Bank will facilitate the exchange where shareholders surrender four existing ADSs for one new one. While the ADS trading price is expected to increase proportionally, this change will not affect the underlying Class A ordinary shares or their total number."], ["20250714", "Spy shots of the Li Auto i8 electric SUV interior have been leaked, confirming its design as a large, six-seat family vehicle with a debut set for July 29th. The i8 will feature 5C ternary lithium batteries, intelligent dual-motor AWD, advanced LiDAR, and integrate Li Auto\u2019s MindVLA-assisted driving architecture. Its interior maintains signature elements, with a new circular ambient light strip, optimized air vents, and distinct white steering wheel and light-colored cabin."], ["20250714", "Alaska Air Group (ALK) is currently undervalued due to strong long-term fundamentals and a discounted valuation, but faces near-term challenges with rising costs and integration risks. Q1 showed robust revenue but also highlighted execution challenges and margin pressure. The upcoming Q2 results are pivotal for assessing if cost pressures are stabilizing and integration is progressing, which could lead to significant upside."], ["20250714", "Generational Capital Markets advised Roundhouse Electric & Equipment Co., Inc. on its sale to Kingsway Financial Services, with the acquisition closing on July 1, 2025. Roundhouse Electric & Equipment, based in Odessa, Texas, provides critical field maintenance, testing, and motor repair services primarily to natural gas pipeline operators and utilities in the Permian Basin. Kingsway Financial Services, a publicly-traded company employing the Search Fund model, acquired Roundhouse to expand its portfolio of high-quality B2B and B2C services companies, praising Roundhouse's strong customer retention and mission-critical services."], ["20250714", "Gauzy, in collaboration with Research Frontiers, has announced the first customer delivery of GM\u2019s Cadillac CELESTIQ, which features Gauzy's patented SPD smart glass technology in serial production. This milestone highlights Gauzy's leadership in automotive smart materials and marks the debut of the industry's largest multi-zone dimmable roof powered by SPD smart variable tint technology. The smart glass enhances passenger comfort and contributes to increased EV driving range by significantly reducing HVAC energy consumption."], ["20250714", "Gauzy, in collaboration with Research Frontiers, announced the first customer delivery of GM's Cadillac CELESTIQ, which features their patented SPD smart glass technology. This marks the serial production of electronically dimmable SPD smart glass in a production vehicle, emphasizing Gauzy's leadership in automotive smart materials. The CELESTIQ's roof uses the industry's largest piece of dimmable smart glass, segmented into four independently controlled zones, offering significant benefits in light control, UV/IR blockage, and HVAC energy reduction, thereby enhancing EV performance and passenger comfort."], ["20250714", "The U.S. Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJA) continues to fuel a building boom, with hundreds of billions still to be injected into the economy. This article highlights three infrastructure stocks\u2014Vulcan Materials (VMC), Fluor Inc. (FLR), and Eaton Corp. (ETN)\u2014that are well-positioned to benefit from this ongoing investment. These companies are capitalizing on demand for construction aggregates, large-scale infrastructure projects, and electrical grid modernization, respectively."], ["20250714", "Alcoa Corp. anticipates a net loss of $90 million to $110 million in 2025 and a delay in the restart of its San Ciprian aluminum smelter in Spain until mid-2026. The delay is attributed to a nationwide power blackout in Spain and the company is seeking assurances from the Spanish government regarding power grid reliability. The smelter's production was initially curtailed in 2021 due to high power prices."], ["20250714", "Equinor and its partners have discovered natural gas in the Skred prospect in the Norwegian Barents Sea, with preliminary estimates of 1.9-3.1 million barrels of oil equivalent. The well, located near the Johan Castberg field, encountered gas in the Middle Jurassic reservoir rocks. The licensees are assessing the discovery for a potential tie-in to the recently operational Johan Castberg field, which has ramped up production to 220,000 barrels of oil per day."], ["20250714", "MYR Group Inc. announced a five-year, Design-Build Electric Distribution Master Service Agreement with Xcel Energy, expected to generate over $500 million through 2029. This agreement strengthens their long-standing partnership, enabling MYR Group to provide comprehensive design-build distribution services across multiple states, supporting critical infrastructure modernization and wildfire mitigation initiatives. The deal highlights MYR Group's strong market position in electric utility infrastructure."], ["20250714", "BP PLC anticipates stronger oil trading and improved refining margins for the second quarter of 2025, with realized refining margins projected to be between $300 million and $500 million. This outlook, which contrasts with Shell's expectations specifically for trading, includes a higher average refining marker margin and a focus on cost improvements and full-year contributions from growth areas in its customer segment. The company also projects \"average\" natural gas trading results and broadly flat full-year refining margins, while Shell expects higher indicative refining and chemicals margins despite divestments and maintenance issues."], ["20250714", "Elong Power Holding Limited (NASDAQ:ELPW) has received a Nasdaq notice due to its failure to file its annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. The company, which maintains a \"GOOD\" financial health score despite recent stock volatility, has 60 days to submit a compliance plan. Failure to regain compliance could lead to delisting, although the company is diligently working to file the report within the specified timeframe and has also recently entered a significant strategic cooperation agreement in Indonesia, committing at least $1 billion to solar-plus-storage projects."], ["20250714", "SolarBank Corp. is adapting to new U.S. solar policy deadlines, leveraging its $100 million financing with CIM Group for advanced-stage projects while prioritizing development in solar-ready U.S. states. Concurrently, the company is expanding its Canadian footprint in Ontario and Nova Scotia, benefiting from stable policies and supportive initiatives. Despite policy shifts, SolarBank remains confident in the long-term outlook for U.S. solar and battery storage projects."], ["20250714", "ATI Inc. has completed a $40 million expansion of its Richland, Washington manufacturing facility, doubling its capacity to produce premium quality titanium for aerospace, defense, and industrial markets. This expansion enables ATI to meet a soaring demand for titanium and has added about 60 new positions to the plant. The upgraded facility, featuring an electron beam hearth furnace, will support over $1 billion in new sales commitments."], ["20250714", "Halliburton (NYSE: HAL) anunciou a nomea\u00e7\u00e3o de Stephanie Holzhauser como vice-presidente s\u00eanior e diretora de contabilidade, efetiva a partir de 16 de julho de 2025. Holzhauser, que come\u00e7ou sua carreira na Halliburton como estagi\u00e1ria, substituir\u00e1 Charles Geer Jr. e vem de uma posi\u00e7\u00e3o como vice-presidente de finan\u00e7as operacionais. A empresa, gigante de servi\u00e7os energ\u00e9ticos, mant\u00e9m uma excelente sa\u00fade financeira segundo o InvestingPro, apesar de recentes redu\u00e7\u00f5es de pre\u00e7o-alvo por analistas como Stifel e Barclays."], ["20250714", "CF Industries has commenced operations at its new carbon dioxide dehydration and compression plant in Louisiana, capable of capturing and storing up to 2 million metric tons of CO\u2082 annually. In partnership with ExxonMobil, the captured CO\u2082 will be stored geologically, qualifying CF Industries for 45Q tax credits and advancing its strategy to decarbonize global ammonia production. The project also benefits from a draft EPA Class VI permit for ExxonMobil's CCS Rose project, which could accelerate CO\u2082 storage on the Gulf Coast."], ["20250713", "Algoma Steel Group Inc. announced the historic first production of steel from its new electric arc furnace (EAF) unit on Thursday morning. The steel produced will be branded as \"Volta,\" a new \"green\" steel and marks a critical milestone in Canada's largest industrial decarbonization project. The $880-million transition is expected to reduce the company's carbon footprint by up to 70 percent."], ["20250712", "VinFast Auto India has signed agreements with 13 dealer groups to establish 32 dealerships across 27 cities, with plans to expand to 35 dealerships by the end of 2025. This expansion is part of VinFast's strategy to launch its electric SUVs in India and build a comprehensive sales, service, and spare parts network. The new dealerships will be located in key urban and emerging EV hubs, aiming to provide seamless access to VinFast's products and support infrastructure ahead of pre-bookings for their VF 6 and VF 7 models."], ["20250712", "The San Luis Potos\u00ed \"Ponciano Arriaga\" International Airport recorded a 5.2% increase in passenger flow during the first half of 2025 compared to the same period in 2024. While national passenger traffic grew by 9.1%, international passenger flow saw a slight reduction of 1.7%. Overall, the airport transported 368,545 people between January and June 2025."], ["20250712", "EQT Corp., the largest natural gas production company in the U.S., has finalized its $1.8 billion acquisition of Olympus Energy. This strategic move strengthens EQT's position in the Appalachia region and comes at a time of increasing demand for natural gas. The acquisition integrates Olympus Energy's significant acreage, primarily in Allegheny and Westmoreland counties, into EQT's extensive operations."], ["20250711", "Trinity Capital has invested $35 million in growth capital into INSHUR, a global provider of embedded insurance for the on-demand economy. This investment will support INSHUR's expansion in the US, advance its AI research for underwriting and pricing, develop solutions for autonomous vehicles, and broaden its partnerships. INSHUR, which recently surpassed 1 million policies sold in the UK, specializes in commercial insurance for on-demand mobility drivers and operators."], ["20250711", "Sunrun (NASDAQ: RUN), the largest U.S. residential solar installer, faces significant challenges due to policy shifts, expiring tax credits, and rising costs from tariffs. Historically volatile, especially during downturns, its stock could drop further from its current price of $11 to around $7 if similar market conditions recur. Investors are closely watching how effectively Sunrun can adapt its business model to these regulatory and economic pressures."], ["20250711", "Florida Power & Light Company's (FPL) first power plant, the Dania Beach Clean Energy Center, has been a cornerstone of South Florida's electricity supply for nearly a century, evolving from its original 1927 design to a modern, highly efficient facility. Through continuous modernization, FPL has saved customers over $16 billion in fuel costs and significantly increased energy production to meet the region's growing population. The plant not only ensures reliable power but also contributes substantially to the local economy and community through job creation, taxes, and various community support initiatives."], ["20250711", "Hafnia Limited has signed a USD 715 million Revolving Credit Facility secured by 32 product tankers, featuring competitive margins and a seven-year tenor. This refinancing initiative aims to lower funding costs, improve liquidity, and enhance financial flexibility, positioning the company for future growth. The facility also includes an uncommitted accordion tranche of up to USD 417 million, demonstrating strong bank confidence in Hafnia's strategy."], ["20250711", "Hafnia Limited has successfully secured a $715 million revolving credit facility, supported by 11 prominent banks, to refinance existing debt and fuel future expansion. This seven-year loan, backed by 32 product tankers, offers competitive terms and includes an uncommitted accordion tranche of up to $417 million, providing significant financial flexibility. The facility is expected to reduce funding costs, lower Hafnia's cash flow breakeven point, and enhance its competitive edge in the global shipping industry."], ["20250711", "The town of Nantucket has reached a $10.5 million settlement with GE Vernova following a 2024 blade failure at the Vineyard Wind farm, which scattered debris across the island. The settlement will establish a \"Community Claims Fund\" to compensate local businesses for economic harm. Although Vineyard Wind itself is not a signatory, the agreement releases the company from liability, a point that has drawn criticism from some local groups."], ["20250711", "Gevo, Inc. has secured $40 million through the sale of new non-recourse tax-exempt private activity bonds, which will be used to refinance existing 2021 green bonds. This refinancing is expected to free up approximately $30 million in restricted cash, improving Gevo's liquidity. The deal aims to support the expansion of the company's renewable natural gas (RNG) operations, building on its already certified low carbon intensity score for its RNG project."], ["20250711", "Vertical Aerospace, a UK-based eVTOL developer, has raised $60 million through a public share offering to fund the continued development of its VX4 electric aircraft. This capital injection is expected to extend the company's cash runway until mid-2026, supporting research, development, testing, and certification efforts. The firm is developing the VX4, a piloted four-passenger eVTOL, and holds approximately 1,500 conditional pre-orders."], ["20250711", "Institutional shareholders control 89% of Evergy, Inc. (NASDAQ:EVRG), with the top 18 shareholders collectively owning 51%. The Vanguard Group, BlackRock, Inc., and State Street Global Advisors are the largest holders. Insiders own less than 1% of the company, while the general public holds an 11% stake, indicating that institutional trading decisions could significantly impact the stock price."], ["20250711", "CHS Inc. is closing its Twin Ports grain elevator in Superior, Wis., by the end of August, eliminating 25 jobs. The facility, built in 1936, has 504 concrete silos and 15 steel tanks, capable of holding 18 million bushels, representing 70% of the region's grain volume. The closure is attributed to changes in the grain transport industry, with more efficient and less expensive methods available, leading to a significant decline in grain shipments through the Port of Superior since the 1970s."], ["20250711", "ASP Isotopes Inc. (ASPI) has acquired 100% of Renergen following a scheme of arrangement overwhelmingly approved by Renergen shareholders. This acquisition grants ASPI exploration and production rights for 187,000 hectares of gas fields in South Africa's Free State, and Renergen will delist from its current exchanges. The merger is expected to create a company with significant strategic value in the critical materials market, combining isotopes and helium production."], ["20250711", "Halliburton Co. stock saw a significant gain on Friday, rising 4.15% to $23.08, despite a generally negative trading day for the broader market. This marks the stock's second consecutive day of gains, outperforming both the S&P 500 Index and the Dow Jones Industrial Average."], ["20250711", "The U.S. Department of Energy approved an exchange from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve with ExxonMobil Corp., providing up to one million barrels of crude oil to address delivery issues at ExxonMobil's Baton Rouge refinery. This move aims to stabilize transportation fuel supplies in Louisiana and the Gulf Coast. ExxonMobil will return the borrowed oil, plus additional barrels, at no cost to taxpayers."], ["20250711", "GE Vernova has agreed to pay Nantucket $10.5 million to settle claims related to an offshore wind turbine blade failure that occurred in 2024. The settlement money will be used to establish a Community Claims Fund to compensate residents and businesses for economic harm. The incident involved a GE Vernova Haliade-X turbine blade malfunctioning at the Vineyard Wind farm, leading to debris littering Nantucket's coastline and a suspension of installation activities."], ["20250711", "Blink Charging is offering support to customers of EVBox Everon, whose software and AC charger business is winding down operations across Europe and North America. EVBox Everon is recommending Blink as an alternative for its customers, who can switch to Blink's network for charger management, replacements, and ongoing support. This move comes after Engie announced its plan to liquidate the entire EVBox group due to significant losses."], ["20250711", "NextDecade Corporation's stock surged by 11.94% following the announcement of two new and updated EPC contracts with Bechtel Energy for infrastructure expansion. This boost in confidence was further fueled by TD Cowen upgrading the company's stock from hold to buy and increasing its price target. The significant trading volume and positive market reception suggest an optimistic outlook for the company's growth in sustainable LNG solutions."], ["20250711", "Eaton Corporation plc (ETN) has acquired Ultra PCS Limited for $1.55 billion, significantly expanding its aerospace capabilities with new sensors, data processing, and electronic control systems. This acquisition is expected to enhance Eaton's existing product line in military and commercial aviation. Additionally, Eaton recently secured $25 million in contracts for the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport expansion project."], ["20250711", "Mesabi Trust announced a significant cut in its quarterly distribution to $0.12 per Unit, down from $0.30 per Unit last year, primarily due to a 52% decrease in royalty payments received from Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. The Trust attributes this reduction to various factors including uncertainties in the iron ore and steel industries, global economic conditions, and Cliffs' vertical supply chain planning. Income investors should note this sharp decline and the contributing reasons for the revised distribution."], ["20250711", "ESS Tech, Inc. secured a $31 million insider-led funding package and its first major Energy Base order, signaling continued execution of its strategic shift. The funding includes various financial instruments and complements significant operational improvements, such as a nearly 300% increase in Q2 2025 revenue and an 80% reduction in monthly cash burn. This investment further strengthens ESS's financial position and supports the ongoing development and deployment of its long-duration energy storage systems."], ["20250711", "CHS Inc. plans to permanently close its largest grain elevator in the Twin Ports, the CHS Superior Grain Terminal, effective August 31, impacting 23 union employees. The closure is attributed to changes in the global economy and shipping routes, with grain exports from the Port of Duluth-Superior having significantly declined over decades. Local officials express disappointment and concern for the affected employees, while CHS indicates willingness to help transition the facility's infrastructure."], ["20250711", "Crude oil prices increased by 2% on Friday due to global worries and the International Energy Agency's assessment of a \"tighter\" market. Demand was supported by peak summer refinery runs, and trading was influenced by tariffs and potential sanctions against Russia. Oklahoma energy stocks, including Stardust Power and Gulfport Energy, experienced positive gains."], ["20250711", "Tradr ETFs has launched five new first-to-market single-stock leveraged ETFs that aim to deliver twice the daily performance of their underlying stocks, including CoreWeave, AST SpaceMobile, Constellation Energy, GE Vernova, and NuScale Power. These new funds expand Tradr's lineup to 19 leveraged ETFs, building on their earlier launches and aiming to meet significant investor demand, especially for AI-related stocks. The company emphasizes that these ETFs are designed for sophisticated investors due to their inherent risks, including magnified performance and potential for significant loss."], ["20250711", "Tradr ETFs has launched five new single-stock leveraged ETFs, providing 2x daily performance on CoreWeave Inc., AST SpaceMobile Inc., Constellation Energy Corp., GE Vernova Inc., and NuScale Power Corp. These funds, targeted at sophisticated investors, expand Tradr's lineup to 19 leveraged ETFs, building on the success of their previous launches and catering to demand for leveraged exposure to high-growth and AI-related stocks. The company emphasizes that these ETFs aim to simplify leveraged trading by allowing investors to avoid margin use and complex options."], ["20250711", "Caterpillar Inc. is committing $100 million over five years to fund workforce development and strengthen the future of the manufacturing industry, coinciding with its 100th anniversary. This investment aims to close the growing skills gap by supporting existing initiatives like ThinkBIG and fostering interest in STEM among younger generations. The pledge reflects Caterpillar's dedication to developing a technically skilled and adaptable workforce for an evolving technological landscape, including AI."], ["20250711", "Clearway Energy, Inc. (CWEN, CWEN.A) announced it will report its Second Quarter 2025 financial results on Tuesday, August 5, 2025. A conference call and webcast will be held at 5:00 p.m. Eastern to discuss the results. The webcast will be accessible through the company's website."], ["20250711", "Ryde Group (NYSE:RYDE) is expanding into Singapore's ultra-premium EV market by launching RydeLUXE 6, a new service using GAC E9 PHEV vehicles, following its acquisition of a 40% stake in Atoll Discovery. This strategic move aims to capture a share of Singapore\u2019s $6.4 billion mobility market, with premium services projected to contribute 10% of Ryde's total revenue by 2027. The initiative targets over 333,000 millionaire households in Singapore and aligns with the nation's Green Plan 2030."], ["20250711", "Hafnia Limited has secured a new USD 715 million Revolving Credit Facility, collateralized by 32 product tankers, with a 7-year tenor and competitive margin. This refinancing deal is expected to lower funding costs, reduce cash flow breakeven, strengthen liquidity, and provide flexibility for future growth, including an uncommitted accordion tranche of up to USD 417 million. The facility was established with a syndicate of 11 banks, underscoring strong confidence in Hafnia's strategy and performance."], ["20250711", "International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. (IFF) launched an industry-first green hydrogen production facility at its Benicarlo, Spain site, aiming to cut 2,000 tons of CO2 emissions annually and achieve net-zero by 2040. While this initiative supports IFF's sustainability goals, it is not expected to immediately impact core business recovery or mitigate competitive pressures. The company has reaffirmed its full-year 2025 guidance, anticipating up to 4% currency-neutral sales growth, with a projected revenue of $11.4 billion and earnings of $784.4 million by 2028."], ["20250711", "The Tucum\u00e3 Operation, an open-pit copper mine in Brazil owned by Ero Copper, achieved commercial production in July 2025. This project, which has a 12-year mine life, is expected to produce approximately 35,000 tonnes of copper annually during its first five years. The operation holds total mineral reserves of 43.052 million tonnes with an average copper grade of 0.83%."], ["20250711", "Tradr ETFs has launched five new single-stock leveraged ETFs that aim to deliver twice the daily performance of their underlying stocks, including CoreWeave, AST SpaceMobile, Constellation Energy, GE Vernova, and NuScale Power. These first-to-market strategies, listed on Cboe, target sophisticated investors and professional traders looking to express high conviction investment views. This expansion brings Tradr's lineup to 19 leveraged ETFs, building on their previous launches for Tesla and Nvidia."], ["20250710", "United Airlines (UAL) is set to report its second-quarter 2025 earnings on July 16, with analysts anticipating a potential beat due to a positive Earnings ESP of +3.43% and a Zacks Rank #3. Despite expected challenges from labor costs and capacity limits, the company's revenue may benefit from improving travel demand and lower fuel prices. UAL has a strong track record of beating earnings estimates, and its first-quarter performance was the best in five years."], ["20250710", "Bell Textron Inc. has been selected for Phase 2 of DARPA's SPRINT X-Plane program, aiming to design, build, test, and certify an X-plane demonstrator. This program seeks to develop aircraft capable of high-speed cruising (400-450 knots) and hovering in austere environments, leveraging Bell's extensive history in X-plane development and innovative VTOL configurations. The company has already completed significant risk reduction activities, including demonstrating folding rotor technology."], ["20250710", "TC Energy Corporation (TSX, NYSE: TRP) will host a teleconference and webcast on Thursday, July 31, 2025, to discuss its second-quarter financial results. The event will feature remarks from key executives including President and CEO Fran\u00e7ois Poirier and CFO Sean O\u2019Donnell, covering financial outcomes and company developments. Interested parties can participate via phone or live webcast, with a replay available until August 7, 2025."], ["20250710", "Nano Nuclear Energy and UrAmerica have signed a memorandum of understanding to modernize and develop Argentina's nuclear fuel supply chain, focusing on uranium mining and conversion. This collaboration aims to leverage Argentina's significant uranium reserves to potentially supply the US market, aligning with the Argentinian government's efforts to attract international investment in its nuclear sector. The initiative supports Argentina's president's vision to build nuclear reactors for technological advancement."], ["20250710", "Northern Dynasty Minerals Ltd., developer of the Pebble Mine project, has confirmed settlement negotiations with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to overturn a federal pre-emptive veto. This move could allow the copper and gold project in Southwest Alaska to re-enter the permitting process. The development follows a litigation pause and an internal review by the EPA, with Northern Dynasty's stock seeing a significant jump after the news and a new U.S. tariff on copper imports bolstering its prospects."], ["20250710", "The US government is set to become the largest shareholder in MP Materials, the sole operational rare earths mine in the US, to reduce dependency on China. The deal includes a commitment to purchase neodymium and praseodymium at a minimum price for 10 years and will fund a new US facility for processing these critical materials. This initiative by the Trump administration aims to secure domestic supply chains for essential components used in modern technology and defense."], ["20250710", "Terrestrial Energy and NRG-Pallas have commenced the final stage of graphite irradiation testing for Terrestrial's Integral Molten Salt Reactor (IMSR) at the High Flux Reactor in the Netherlands. This program aims to validate the performance of selected graphite grades under simulated IMSR core conditions and operating temperatures over a seven-year cycle, enabling the selection of the most suitable graphite for IMSR use. This milestone is crucial for advanced reactor development and licensing, as it confirms critical material performance under actual operating conditions."], ["20250710", "Golar LNG's FLNG Gimi vessel has achieved its commercial operations date (COD) at the Greater Tortue Ahmeyim (GTA) project, triggering a 20-year lease agreement worth approximately $3 billion in adjusted EBITDA backlog. This milestone positions Mauritania and Senegal as emerging LNG exporters, with the Gimi FLNG unit expected to produce 2.4 MMtpa of LNG. The project, backed by 15 Tcf of natural gas, aims to boost regional energy security and economic growth, further expanding Golar LNG's significant presence in Africa\u2019s LNG market."], ["20250710", "Gevo's subsidiary focused on Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) has successfully completed the sale of $40 million in new bonds. This strategic move also allowed the subsidiary to refinance its existing debt, strengthening its financial position."], ["20250710", "UbiQD has secured an exclusive, multi-year agreement to supply its proprietary quantum dot (QD) technology to First Solar for integration into thin-film bifacial photovoltaic solar panels. This collaboration, which started in 2023, aims to enhance light capture and efficiency in solar panels, particularly on the underside of bifacial panels, with a commercial rollout anticipated in late 2026. The high-volume supply agreement is expected to significantly expand UbiQD's production capacity and demonstrates a new application for quantum dots beyond displays, contributing to advancements in solar energy efficiency."], ["20250710", "Emera (TSX: EMA) announced it will release its Q2 2025 results on Friday, August 8, 2025, before markets open. The company will host a teleconference and webcast on the same day at 9:30 a.m. Atlantic (8:30 a.m. Eastern) to discuss the results. Interested parties can participate by dialing the provided numbers, and a live and archived audio webcast will be available on Emera's website."], ["20250710", "State Senator Shelley B. Mayer testified before the Public Service Commission (PSC) to strongly oppose Con Edison's proposed rate increases, which would significantly raise electricity and gas delivery charges for her Westchester constituents. Mayer highlighted the unaffordability for residents, Con Edison's consistent shareholder dividends, and criticized the utility's high \"return on equity\" and the rate-setting process. She urged the PSC to reject the increases, scrutinize operating costs, and prioritize ratepayers over utility profits."], ["20250710", "Delta Air Lines reported strong second-quarter results, beating earnings estimates and reinstating its full-year guidance. CEO Ed Bastian attributed the improved outlook to greater economic clarity from the tax bill and progress in trade deals, which have removed previous uncertainties. The airline saw its stock soar, leading to a rally across the airline sector, with Bastian emphasizing Delta's focus on premium services and its strong performance in high-end leisure and business travel."], ["20250710", "Recurrent Energy, a subsidiary of Canadian Solar Inc., has announced the commercial operation of its 1,200 MWh Papago Storage facility in Maricopa County, Arizona. This facility is dispatching stored energy to Arizona Public Service (APS) to meet summer demand and is the first of three projects that will collectively provide 1,800 MWh of battery storage and 150 MWac of solar generation. The project also contributes to the local community through tax revenues and donations."], ["20250710", "A new report by AXIS Capital Holdings Limited reveals that hail damage is responsible for over half of all weather-related insurance claims for solar photovoltaic projects in the US and Canada. The study, \"Solar vs. Hail Pivoting Away from Danger,\" highlights that natural catastrophes, especially hail, cause significant downtime and identifies technology choices and operational strategies as key factors in mitigating risk and reducing claim costs. The report suggests that advancements in solar panel technology and proper stow angles for tracker systems can substantially reduce breakage probability."], ["20250710", "Daimler Truck North America (DTNA) has manufactured its 850,000th truck at its Cleveland, N.C., facility, a Western Star 47X destined for Alamo Group's snow and ice team. This milestone highlights the plant's dedication to producing durable trucks for demanding applications. The Cleveland plant, established in 1989, is DTNA's largest heavy-duty truck plant in the U.S. and employs approximately 2,000 people."], ["20250710", "Daimler Truck North America (DTNA) has produced its 850,000th truck at its Cleveland, North Carolina plant, a Western Star 47X, which will be delivered to Alamo Group for its Snow & Ice Team. This milestone highlights DTNA's strong partnership with Alamo Group and underscores the Cleveland plant's advanced manufacturing capabilities and commitment to sustainability. The Western Star 47X, powered by a Detroit DD13 engine, is lauded for its durability and performance in demanding vocational applications like snow and ice management."], ["20250710", "AES stock recently surged by 20% due to rumors of a potential takeover, with major investment firms like Blackstone, Brookfield, and BlackRock's infrastructure arm reportedly interested. The company's role in the clean energy transition, supplying renewable energy to tech giants, also makes its assets more valuable amidst the increasing energy demands of AI data centers. This combination of M&A buzz and strong underlying demand for clean energy has fueled investor excitement, despite past volatility."], ["20250710", "The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio (PUCO) has approved American Electric Power's (AEP) proposal for a dedicated tariff for data centers. This tariff aims to ensure that high-demand data centers contribute directly to the infrastructure costs associated with their substantial electricity needs, preventing other ratepayers from bearing these costs. The decision comes despite opposition from major tech companies like Google, Amazon, Microsoft, and Meta, who deemed the proposed rates \"discriminatory\" and \"unreasonable.\""], ["20250710", "American Airlines Group (NASDAQ: AAL) announced that it will webcast its second-quarter 2025 financial results conference call on July 24 at 7:30 a.m. CT. The live audio feed will be accessible to the public on a listen-only basis via aa.com/investorrelations, with an archive available through August 24."], ["20250710", "Ford is recalling over 850,000 trucks, SUVs, and cars from model years 2021-2023 in the U.S. due to faulty low-pressure fuel pumps. These Phinia-supplied pumps can fail unexpectedly, causing engine stalls and increasing crash risk. The issue, linked to a supplier's manufacturing defect causing increased internal friction and vapor lock sensitivity, went unresolved despite earlier corrective actions by Phinia, prompting a renewed investigation after NHTSA complaints."], ["20250710", "Robbins LLP has announced a class action lawsuit against XPLR Infrastructure LP (formerly NextEra Energy Partners, LP) on behalf of investors who purchased securities between September 27, 2023, and January 27, 2025. The lawsuit alleges that XPLR misled investors about the sustainability of its yieldco business model, its financial struggles, and the temporary nature of its financing arrangements. This came to light when XPLR abandoned its yieldco model, suspended cash distributions, and saw its common unit price drop significantly."], ["20250710", "This article provides company information for Delixy Holdings Limited (DLXY), an oil and gas storage and transportation company listed on NasdaqCM. It details key information such as its market capitalization (US$16.3m), shares outstanding, website, and location, along with its exchange listings. The report also outlines the various data sources, including S&P Global Market Intelligence LLC, used for its company analysis, covering financials, market prices, ownership, and management data."], ["20250710", "This article provides a stock analysis of Delixy Holdings (Nasdaq:DLXY), an investment holding company involved in crude oil and oil-based product trading. It highlights the company's current market conditions, financial performance, and risk factors, noting its highly volatile share price and declining revenue. The analysis also covers valuation metrics, recent news, and shareholder returns, indicating that DLXY is trading significantly below its estimated fair value despite some recent stock price improvements."], ["20250710", "Powerfleet has launched an automated AI risk intervention module designed to enhance driver safety by proactively detecting, assessing, and preventing incidents in real time. This AI-powered application replaces manual video reviews with instant intelligence, identifying risky patterns such as fatigue and distraction. The system aims to significantly reduce video review time and improve safety outcomes, leveraging Powerfleet's expertise in AIoT solutions."], ["20250710", "Ballard Power Systems highlights its fuel cell solutions for stationary power generation, emphasizing their FCwave\u2122 module for scalable, reliable, and zero-emission power. The company details the advantages of its fuel cell systems, including high reliability, efficiency, durability, and support for critical infrastructure and decentralized power generation. Ballard also underscores its commitment to sustainability and proven experience in deploying these solutions globally."], ["20250710", "Delta Air Lines Inc reported an adjusted quarterly profit of $2.10 per share for the quarter ending June 30, falling short of the $2.36 per share from the previous year but exceeding analyst expectations of $2.05 per share. Revenue increased by 0.6% year-over-year to $15.51 billion, also surpassing expectations. The company's shares have risen 3.1% this quarter, though they are down 16.2% year-to-date, with analysts maintaining a \"buy\" rating and a 12-month price target of $60.00."], ["20250710", "Westchester County residents are expressing concern over proposed Con Edison rate hikes, which include an average electric bill increase of 11.3% and a gas bill increase of 10.5%. Con Edison states these increases are necessary to strengthen the electrical grid against severe weather, support clean energy goals, and maintain a responsive workforce. The proposals were discussed at a recent public hearing."], ["20250710", "Shell Plc shares rose premarket after the company revised its third-quarter outlook, increasing its LNG liquefaction volumes forecast and anticipating higher refining margins. While integrated gas production guidance was trimmed, the company expects trading and optimization to be significantly higher. Shell also expects an adjusted loss in its chemicals sub-segment and non-cash post-tax impairments in its Marketing segment due to the cancellation of its Rotterdam biofuels project."], ["20250710", "United Airlines (UAL) stock has risen by 13.64% due to analyst upgrades and positive sentiment surrounding the travel industry's recovery. Several firms, including TD Cowen and Deutsche Bank, have significantly increased their price targets for UAL, reflecting strong confidence in the airline's future and its strategic moves, such as resuming routes to Tel Aviv. The company's recent financial performance, marked by solid revenue and healthy profitability margins, further contributes to a bullish outlook."], ["20250710", "The article provides an options chain for the United States Natural Gas Fund LP (UNG) on TradingView. It details how the options chain lists available contracts, helps track market movements, and evaluate risks, offering data on live pricing, Greeks, and implied volatility for calls and puts across various expiration dates."], ["20250710", "Delixy Holdings Limited (Nasdaq: DLXY), an oil trading company based in Singapore, has announced the closing of its initial public offering (IPO). The IPO involved the sale of 2,000,000 ordinary shares at US$4.00 per share, raising aggregate gross proceeds of US$8 million for the company and selling shareholders, with the company receiving US$5.4 million for business expansion and general working capital. The shares began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on July 9, 2025."], ["20250710", "Delixy Holdings Limited announced the closing of its initial public offering of 2,000,000 ordinary shares at a price of US$4.00 per share, raising total gross proceeds of US$8 million for the company and selling shareholders. The shares began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol \u201cDLXY\u201d on July 9, 2025. The company plans to use its proceeds for expanding product offerings, strengthening market position, strategic acquisitions, and general working capital."], ["20250710", "Chevron is implementing a major shift from localized to centralized business units to cut costs by as much as $3 billion by 2026 and improve performance. This restructuring includes consolidating offshore and shale assets under single divisions, centralizing support functions in global service centers, and reducing the number of business units in its upstream division. The move aims to streamline operations, accelerate execution, and enhance the application of technology across the company amidst investor demands for greater cash returns."], ["20250710", "LiveWire Group, Inc. (NYSE: LVWR) will release its second-quarter 2025 financial results on July 30, 2025, before market hours. The company will host an audio webcast from 8-9 a.m. CT to discuss financial results, business developments, and updates to its outlook, with participants encouraged to register beforehand. LiveWire, majority-owned by Harley-Davidson, Inc., focuses on the electric motorcycle sector."], ["20250710", "David Liu, CEO of autonomous trucking company Plus, discussed the company's $1.3 billion SPAC deal with Churchill Capital Corp. IX. He explained Plus's software-first approach to autonomous trucking, emphasizing partnering with truck manufacturers rather than building hardware in-house. Liu believes this strategy will enable better scalability and higher margins for Plus in the future."], ["20250710", "Fusion Fuel Green PLC announced a 1-for-35 reverse share split of its Class A Ordinary Shares, effective July 14, 2025, to regain compliance with Nasdaq's minimum bid price requirement. The split will reduce outstanding shares significantly while maintaining the same stock symbol HTOO. This comes as the stock is trading at $0.18, having declined over 78% in the past year, though InvestingPro analysis suggests it is currently undervalued."], ["20250710", "Obsidian Energy has announced its second half 2025 capital plan and financial guidance, focusing on a disciplined spending approach to drive growth in per-share metrics through incremental share buybacks and infrastructure development. The company plans $110 to $120 million in capital expenditures, expecting production to average 27,700 boe/d in the second half of 2025, and intends to initiate a ~$10 million Canadian Exchange Offer to acquire Obsidian Energy Common Shares for Common Shares of InPlay Oil Corp. The program also includes strategic drilling in Peace River and Willesden Green, alongside infrastructure projects in Open Creek and Nampa fields for future growth."], ["20250710", "Delta Air Lines reported its financial results for the June quarter of 2025, achieving record revenue and a 13% operating margin, resulting in $1.8 billion in pre-tax profit. CEO Ed Bastian attributed this strong performance to outstanding contributions from employees and announced restored financial guidance for the full year 2025, expecting earnings per share of $5.25 to $6.25 and $3 to $4 billion in free cash flow."], ["20250710", "Sono-Tek Corp (SOTK) released its Form 10-Q report for the third quarter, reporting significant growth. The company saw a 2% increase in net sales to $5.13 million, a 9% increase in gross profit to $2.67 million, and a 51.9% gross margin. Key drivers included strong shipments to the clean energy market and a repeat order for high average selling price systems."], ["20250710", "Clearway Energy (NYSE: CWEN, CWEN.A) is scheduled to report its Second Quarter 2025 financial results on Tuesday, August 5, 2025. The company will host a conference call and webcast at 5:00 p.m. Eastern to discuss the results, which can be accessed via their investor relations website. This announcement provides key dates for investors to anticipate updates on the company's performance in the clean energy sector."], ["20250710", "Delixy Holdings Limited (NASDAQ: DLXY) is a Singapore-based company specializing in oil-related product trading, operating across Southeast Asia, East Asia, and the Middle East. The company recently reported unaudited financial results for the first six months of fiscal year 2025, detailing revenue, gross profit, and net income, alongside its recent IPO on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Delixy successfully completed its IPO, raising $8 million by offering 2,000,000 ordinary shares at $4.00 per share, with plans to use the proceeds for expansion, market strengthening, potential acquisitions, and general working capital."], ["20250710", "CI&T has been recognized as a Rising Star in the ISG Provider Lens\u2122 Automotive and Mobility Services and Solutions 2025 report, specifically in the Automotive Retail and Aftermarket Services category. The company was lauded for its ability to offer integrated omnichannel solutions, leverage advanced analytics, AI, and ML to optimize operations, and enhance customer experiences for leading automotive brands. This recognition underscores CI&T's commitment to delivering innovative digital solutions across the automotive value chain."], ["20250710", "Delixy Holdings Limited has successfully completed its initial public offering, raising $8 million by offering 2 million shares at $4.00 each on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol \"DLXY.\" The Singapore-based company, which trades oil-related products, plans to use the $5.4 million in net proceeds to expand product offerings, strengthen its market position, explore strategic acquisitions, and for general corporate purposes. Bancroft Capital, LLC served as the sole lead underwriter for the offering."], ["20250710", "Expeditors International of Washington (NYSE:EXPD) is currently valued by Simply Wall St as overvalued by 26% at US$117, compared to an intrinsic value of $92.91, despite a recent 14% stock growth. The company faces a negative earnings growth forecast of -6.1%, suggesting a high risk of future uncertainty. Investors are advised against buying due to overvaluation and poor future outlook, but the stock's volatility might present future buying opportunities."], ["20250710", "Fincantieri has delivered the cruise ship Oceania Allura to Oceania Cruises at the Sestri Ponente shipyard in Genoa. This vessel is the sister ship to Oceania Vista, delivered in 2023, and represents a significant step in Oceania Cruises' expansion, with four next-generation ships ordered, including the Oceania Sonata and Oceania Arietta. The Oceania Allura features a gross tonnage of approximately 68,000 tons and a guest capacity of 1,200 passengers."], ["20250710", "Air Industries Group (NYSE American: AIRI) has been awarded a $5.4 million contract for the production of Landing Gear Steering Collar Components for the US Air Force's B-52 aircraft. Deliveries for these components are slated to commence in late 2026 and extend through the third quarter of 2027. This contract emphasizes Air Industries Group's strategic focus on after-market spares, securing its first order from a new customer for a long-serving aircraft expected to remain in service for another 25 years."], ["20250709", "This article compares United Parcel Service (UPS) and FedEx (FDX), two major global parcel delivery companies, evaluating their current financial health, cost-cutting measures, and market performance amidst economic uncertainties. Both companies are implementing cost-saving initiatives due to weak demand; however, FDX appears to have an edge over UPS in valuation, price performance, and financial leverage, with higher projected earnings growth. The analysis concludes that FDX is currently a more attractive investment than UPS, which holds a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell)."], ["20250709", "Granite Ridge Resources (NYSE: GRNT) announced it will report its second quarter 2025 financial and operating results on Thursday, August 7, 2025, after market close. The company will host a webcast and conference call on Friday, August 8, 2025, at 10:00 a.m. central time to discuss these results. Details for joining the webcast or conference call, and accessing an audio replay, are provided in the announcement."], ["20250709", "XPO has opened a new facility in Kernersville, North Carolina, which was acquired from Yellow Corp. in December 2023. This site is XPO's largest by door count, featuring 333 doors across 265,000 square feet, and will manage over a billion pounds of freight annually. The facility acts as a freight assembly center, consolidating operations and improving efficiency for both employees and customers."], ["20250709", "This article reports on Seanergy Maritime Holdings Corp (SHIP) stock, noting its 2.9% decline while the broader market saw gains on the day. The stock closed at $5.70, underperforming both the S&P 500 and its sector."], ["20250709", "XCF Global has reported that it is producing renewable fuels during its ramp-up process. This announcement signifies progress in the company's efforts to bring its renewable fuel operations online. The article, however, does not provide specific details about the production volumes or the type of renewable fuels being produced."], ["20250709", "Riley Exploration Permian (REPX) has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.38 per share, payable on August 7, 2025, to stockholders of record as of July 24, 2025. The company will release its second-quarter 2025 financial results on August 6, 2025, after market close, followed by a conference call on August 7, 2025, at 9:00 a.m. CT to discuss the results and host a Q&A session. This announcement led to a moderate negative market reaction, with REPX declining 2.42% on the publication day."], ["20250709", "Plug Power Inc. has extended its multi-year hydrogen supply agreement with a major U.S.-based industrial gas company through 2030, aiming to reduce costs, improve cash flows, and secure a reliable hydrogen supply for its expanding applications business. This strategic partnership supports Plug Power's goal to strengthen margins and operational flexibility, especially as it continues to expand its hydrogen generation network and launch new sites. The agreement is also expected to benefit from recent U.S. clean hydrogen legislation, providing strong growth tailwinds for the industry."], ["20250709", "Ballard Power Systems (NASDAQ: BLDP; TSX: BLDP) will hold a conference call on Monday, August 11, 2025, at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time to discuss its second-quarter 2025 operating results. The call will be accessible via dial-in or a live webcast on Ballard's website. Following the live event, an archived webcast will be available in the Investors section of their website."], ["20250709", "Globalstar, Inc. has announced a launch services agreement with SpaceX for a Falcon 9 launch of its next set of satellites. These satellites, constructed by MDA and Rocket Lab, are crucial for maintaining continuous satellite services in conjunction with their existing second-generation satellites. The launch is anticipated for next year, following an initial launch this year, and the satellites have been authorized by the FCC for a renewed 15-year operational term."], ["20250709", "Brokers indicate that Genco Shipping and Trading is linked to the acquisition of the 2020-built capesize vessel Bulk Ginza from Japanese owner Nissen Shipping for close to $64 million. The vessel is expected to be delivered to its new owner at the end of the year. If confirmed, this would be Genco's first purchase since October last year and adds to Nissen's young fleet of 21 capes, 19 of which are Japanese-built."], ["20250709", "First Solar has announced a supply agreement with UbiQD, a company specializing in quantum dot nanotechnology, to enhance the efficiency of its thin-film solar modules. Quantum dots, which are tiny semiconductor materials, improve light absorption and spectral response, particularly benefiting bifacial solar panels by boosting their output. This collaboration aims to significantly increase energy yield in utility-scale solar projects through minimal changes to manufacturing processes."], ["20250709", "UbiQD has secured an exclusive multi-year agreement with First Solar to supply its quantum dot (QD) technology for integration into thin-film bifacial solar panels. This partnership, following successful joint R&D, is pivotal for the quantum dot industry as it represents the first high-volume QD supply deal outside of display applications, potentially scaling UbiQD's production to over 100 metric tons annually. The collaboration aims to significantly enhance the efficiency and energy yield of solar panels, supporting U.S. manufacturing and energy independence goals."], ["20250709", "Envirotech Vehicles has delivered its Bumble Bee electric school bus to Kopperl Independent School District in Texas as part of the EPA's Clean School Bus Program. This is the fourth electric school bus delivered by Envirotech in two weeks under an $8.57 million grant, with plans to supply 25 zero-emission buses across Texas and Arkansas. The initiative aims to improve air quality, reduce emissions, and enhance student health by transitioning school bus fleets to electric."], ["20250709", "Utility stocks have seen impressive returns, climbing 60% since October 2023 and outperforming the US Market Index. This rally is attributed to increased earnings growth expectations driven by clean energy, data center demand, manufacturing onshoring, and electrification. Top picks include Duke, Eversource, and Edison, though Morningstar analysts caution that the sector is currently overvalued and investors should anticipate lower returns despite strong fundamentals."], ["20250709", "Denison Mines Corp. (TSE:DML) experienced a 5.2% drop, impacting both individual investors who hold a 51% stake and institutional investors who own 48% of the company. The top 25 shareholders collectively own 39%, while Mirae Asset Global Investments Co., Ltd. is the largest shareholder with 6.5%. The article highlights the influence of individual investors due to their majority ownership and mentions the presence of institutional credibility despite the recent losses."], ["20250709", "Centuri Holdings, Inc. announced over $550 million in new customer awards, reinforcing its position as a leading utility infrastructure services company. These awards include a significant multi-year contract renewal with a major U.S. utility and a new contract to build a Renewable Natural Gas facility in the Northeast, the company's fourth such project. This follows a previous announcement of $575 million in awards on June 23, 2025, highlighting Centuri's consistent growth and expansion in key markets."], ["20250709", "Cummins India, a subsidiary of Cummins Inc., has launched its Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS) to support India's clean energy transition and enhance the reliability of its power infrastructure. The company's BESS products are available in various container sizes, delivering energy outputs from 200kWh to 2MWh, aiming to meet growing demands for reliable power and support sustainability goals. This initiative aligns with India's transformation in its energy mix due to climate commitments and rapid adoption of renewables."], ["20250709", "Compa\u00f1\u00eda de Minas Buenaventura S.A.A. plans to invest US$4 million in a new mining exploration project called \"Llicllao\" in Pasco, Peru. This initiative, detailed in a recently submitted Environmental Impact Statement (DIA) to the Ministry of Energy and Mines (Minem), aims to identify new deposits of gold, silver, lead, and zinc across 270 hectares within its existing mining concessions. The project involves 44 drillings from 26 platforms over approximately 26 months."], ["20250709", "Aspen Aerogels (NYSE: ASPN) utilizes debt but maintains a net cash position of US$54.2m as of March 2025, suggesting a conservative balance sheet. The company reported a significant 52% revenue gain, reaching US$437m, despite an EBIT loss and a net loss of US$286m in the past year. Analysts indicate potential for future profitability through continued revenue growth, making it a higher-risk, higher-reward investment before profit generation."], ["20250709", "AES Corp (NYSE:AES) is reportedly considering a sale following takeover interest, causing its shares to jump, but the article advises against investing due to weak operating performance and financial condition. Despite a seemingly low valuation compared to the S&P 500, AES shows declining revenues, moderate profitability, and very poor financial stability with high debt. The stock has also performed much worse than the S&P 500 during previous market downturns."], ["20250709", "SES AI has released Molecular Universe 0.5, introducing \"Deep Space,\" an agentic capability designed to accelerate battery R&D. Deep Space uses a multi-agent LLM to conduct senior scientist-level research, reducing typical R&D timelines from years to minutes, and can suggest electrolyte formulations. This advancement aims to enhance SES AI's R&D as a Service offering and provide significant cost and time savings for battery manufacturers and OEMs."], ["20250709", "Finviz provides a detailed financial overview of Delixy Holdings Ltd (DLXY), an oil and gas refining and marketing company based in Singapore. The data includes key metrics such as market capitalization, P/E ratio, EPS, insider ownership, and recent stock performance, highlighting a significant drop in its 52-week high. The article also lists recent news about the company's Initial Public Offering (IPO) in July 2025 and its unaudited financial results for the first half of fiscal year 2025."], ["20250709", "Global Ship Lease Inc. (GSL), a container-ship owner, is expected to benefit from President Donald Trump's tariff policies, according to B. Riley Securities analyst Liam Burke. The demand for small- to medium-sized vessels, like those operated by GSL, has increased due to market uncertainty caused by tariffs, providing a significant boost to the company. This demand reflects customers seeking more flexibility in shipping arrangements amid the volatile trade environment."], ["20250709", "Chesapeake Utilities' subsidiary, Aspire Energy Express, will invest $10 million to construct a natural-gas pipeline in central Ohio. This pipeline will supply a new fuel-cell plant that powers a data center, aiming for service by the first half of 2027. The project is a collaboration with American Electric Power (AEP) and addresses the increasing demand for energy in data infrastructure."], ["20250709", "Delixy Holdings Limited (DLXY) is a Singapore-based company focused on trading oil-related products, including crude oil and various oil-based products, across Southeast Asia, East Asia, and the Middle East. Its shares trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market, having begun trading on July 9, 2025, after its IPO. The company highlights its strong customer and supplier relationships, logistics support, and financing capabilities as key aspects of its business model within the oil trading segment of the energy sector."], ["20250709", "US clean power company AES is reportedly exploring various strategic options for its business, including a potential sale. This news was published on July 9, 2025. The company operates in the solar power and onshore wind sectors within the USA and Canada."], ["20250709", "Vistra Energy Corp's stock reached an all-time high of $199.84, reflecting significant market momentum and a \"GREAT\" financial health score, with its stock price surging by 115.73% over the past year. This growth is backed by 35% revenue growth and aggressive share buybacks. The company is actively acquiring new facilities and securing regulatory approvals, despite a recent Q1 2025 earnings shortfall and a credit rating downgrade from Moody's."], ["20250709", "Copper futures surged by as much as 17% to an all-time high after U.S. President Donald Trump threatened a 50% tariff on imports, fueling fears of supply chain disruption. This has led to a rise in copper-linked ETFs such as United States Copper Index Fund (CPER), Sprott Junior Copper Miners ETF (COPJ), Sprott Copper Miners ETF (COPP), and Themes Copper Miners ETF (COPA). Analysts predict a global copper deficit in 2025 and continued price increases due to rising demand from electrification and data centers, further intensified by potential U.S. tariffs."], ["20250709", "U Power Limited announced an MOU with NV Gotion to supply swapping-enabled EV batteries and develop battery-bank solutions for Thailand and the broader ASEAN markets. This partnership aims to strengthen the supply of compatible EV batteries and accelerate battery-bank operations in Southeast Asia. The collaboration will focus on developing battery modules and packs for various EVs and establishing a battery-swapping infrastructure and comprehensive battery-bank operations, including leasing and vehicle-to-grid solutions."], ["20250709", "NeutraDC Nxera Batam has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Medco Power Indonesia to utilize renewable energy for its AI data center operations. This collaboration, announced during the Batam Interconnect World Forum 2025, emphasizes sustainability and aims to power the data center, which will serve as an AI enabler, with clean energy. The partnership aligns with Medco Power's initiatives in renewable energy development and supports NeutraDC's commitment to achieving Net Zero Emission."], ["20250709", "Rayonier Advanced Materials Inc. (RYAM) has finalized a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Verso Energy to develop a joint e-SAF (electro Sustainable Aviation Fuel) and CO2 utilization project at its Jesup, Georgia facility. This agreement, signed on July 1, 2025, expands on a previous agreement and includes feasibility studies for CO2 capture, hydrogen production, and e-fuel development, with an investment decision expected within 18-24 months. The initiative aims to monetize RYAM's biogenic CO2 streams and industrial footprint, bolstering its role in the clean energy sector."], ["20250709", "Ameren Corporation (NYSE: AEE) has scheduled its second quarter 2025 earnings call for August 1, 2025, at 9 a.m. Central Time. CEO Martin J. Lyons Jr. and CFO Michael L. Moehn will lead the discussion for the company, which serves 2.5 million electric and over 900,000 natural gas customers across a 64,000-square-mile area. The webcast and supporting materials will be available on AmerenInvestors.com, with a replay accessible for one year."], ["20250709", "NextEra Energy (NYSE: NEE) announced that it will release its second-quarter 2025 financial results on Wednesday, July 23, 2025, before the New York Stock Exchange opens. A live investor presentation webcast will be held at 9 a.m. ET on the same day, featuring key company executives. The results and presentation materials will be available on the company's website."], ["20250709", "Kansas regulators have approved Evergy's plan to increase rates for its Kansas Central customers by approximately 8.6% to fund the construction of two natural gas plants and one solar plant. This decision, which faced opposition from various groups concerned about rising utility costs and reliance on fossil fuels, enables Evergy to build plants totaling over $1.8 billion while a separate rate case for a potential 15% residential rate hike is still pending. Commissioner Dwight Keen expressed concerns about the frequency and magnitude of rate cases, urging Evergy to better align investments with load growth and mitigate large increases."], ["20250709", "This article lists various ETFs that include TORM PLC Class A stocks in their holdings, providing key data such as market value, weight, issuer, management style, expense ratio, and AUM. These ETFs offer investors diversified exposure to TORM PLC Class A, making it more accessible and potentially lower risk. The data is sorted by market value and includes performance metrics and other relevant financial details for each ETF."], ["20250709", "Trimble and KT Corporation have announced a collaboration to provide precise positioning services across South Korea, utilizing Trimble RTX\u00ae Fast network technology. This partnership will offer bundled telecom, correction, and precise positioning services to automotive OEMs and IoT companies, enabling centimeter-level accuracy for advanced driving systems and smart city infrastructure. The combined solution aims to accelerate the development and deployment of automotive and IoT systems with enhanced connectivity and trusted positioning data."], ["20250709", "NRG Energy, Inc. announced the appointment of Brad Bentley as President, NRG Consumer, effective July 28, 2025. Bentley will lead NRG\u2019s Home Energy and Smart Home businesses and aims to enhance consumer loyalty and accelerate innovation. He brings extensive experience from Expedia Group, Inspire Clean Energy, WarnerMedia, AT&T, and DIRECTV."], ["20250708", "Tata Motors is collaborating with Dolby Laboratories to integrate Dolby Atmos into its Harrier.ev SUV, marking an expansion of immersive in-car entertainment in the Indian automotive market. This partnership aims to redefine the premium audio experience for vehicle owners, transforming car journeys into engaging and memorable auditory experiences. The Harrier.ev will feature a 10-speaker JBL Black audio system, powered by Harman, delivering a concert-like sound quality with Dolby Atmos technology."], ["20250708", "Unither Bioelectronics, a subsidiary of United Therapeutics, has achieved the world's first piloted hydrogen-powered helicopter flight. This landmark event, part of Project Proticity with Robinson Helicopter Company, involved a modified Robinson R44 powered almost entirely by hydrogen fuel cells, demonstrating the viability of zero-emission rotorcraft. The initiative aims to revolutionize medical logistics, specifically for organ delivery, and significantly advance clean aviation by overcoming challenges associated with battery-powered aircraft."], ["20250708", "Tigo Energy is expanding its presence in the Czech Republic by adding a solar-plus-storage portfolio. This move aims to build upon the company's existing success in the Module Level Power Electronics (MLPE) market. The initiative signifies Tigo Energy's strategic focus on integrating storage solutions with solar technology in key European markets."], ["20250708", "TETRA Technologies (NYSE: TTI) announced its second-quarter 2025 earnings release on July 29, 2025, with a conference call scheduled for July 30, 2025, at 10:30 a.m. ET. Additionally, the company will host an Investor Day on September 25, 2025, at the New York Stock Exchange to present its five-year strategic roadmap and emerging growth initiatives. Both events will feature key executives and require advance registration for the Investor Day."], ["20250708", "Lemonade has expanded its car insurance product to Indiana, making it the latest state to offer the company's full suite of insurance offerings, including auto, renters', homeowners', pet, and life policies. This expansion is part of Lemonade's strategy to grow its presence in the digital auto insurance market, targeting Indiana drivers who spend an estimated $5 billion annually on car insurance. The company emphasizes its tech-driven approach, usage-based pricing, and streamlined claims processes to cater to modern drivers."], ["20250708", "The Lucid Air Grand Touring has set a new GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS\u2122 title for the longest journey by an electric car on a single charge, covering 1,205 kilometers between St. Moritz, Switzerland, and Munich, Germany. This record surpasses the previous one by 160 kilometers, showcasing Lucid's advanced electric powertrain technology and efficiency. The car's impressive range, fast charging capability, and luxurious interior further solidify its position as a leader in the EV market."], ["20250708", "IsoEnergy Ltd. and Purepoint Uranium Group Inc. have announced a significant uranium discovery in the initial drilling program at their 50/50 Dorado project in Saskatchewan's Athabasca Basin. Two drill holes at the Q48 target intersected uranium mineralization with high gamma probe readings, indicating an active uranium-bearing hydrothermal system. This discovery validates their exploration strategy and highlights the potential for further high-grade finds within the project area."], ["20250708", "Granite has secured a Construction Manager/General Contractor (CM/GC) project at San Francisco International Airport (SFO) for the rehabilitation of Runway 1R-19L and the construction of Taxiway W. This initiative, part of SFO\u2019s Capital Improvement Program, is valued at an estimated $115 million and is scheduled for major construction from March to November 2026. Granite will supply approximately 185,000 tons of hot-mix asphalt from its Santa Clara facility for the project."], ["20250708", "Forum Energy Technologies (FET) has partnered with OGEQUIP to enhance its subsea operations in Brazil. OGEQUIP, headquartered in Maca\u00e9, Rio de Janeiro, will manage business development and technical support for FET's Subsea Technologies product line through this collaboration. The partnership aims to provide tailored solutions and specialized services to customers in the oil and gas sector."], ["20250708", "Over the last five years, DHT Holdings' stock (NYSE:DHT) has seen an impressive 116% price increase, largely driven by its transition from a loss-making to a profitable company. When considering total shareholder return (TSR), which includes reinvested dividends, the return jumps to 219%, significantly outperforming its share price growth alone. The company's recent performance continues to be positive, suggesting it remains a stock worth watching."], ["20250708", "Recurrent Energy, a subsidiary of Canadian Solar, has achieved commercial operation for its 1,200MWh Papago Storage facility in Arizona. The project, which includes a 20-year tolling agreement with Arizona Public Service (APS), is part of Recurrent Energy's growing portfolio of energy storage and solar generation projects. Canadian Solar's e-STORAGE provided the EPC services for Papago, which is one of three projects supporting APS and contributing to local community benefits."], ["20250708", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for investors and traders to access Liberty Energy Inc. (NYSE: LBRT) SEC filings, including 10-K annual reports, 10-Q quarterly earnings, 8-K material events, and insider trading forms. It highlights the company's obligations as a public entity to disclose detailed financial, operational, and governance information. The platform also offers tools like AI-powered summaries to help users understand key points in these regulatory documents."], ["20250708", "Conduent Transportation has implemented an EMV contactless payment system for Navigazione Laghi's boat fleet in Italy, marking one of the first such systems for boat transportation in the country. This new system allows passengers to use contactless debit and credit cards or NFC-enabled digital wallets for tap-in and tap-out payments, enhancing convenience and modernizing fare collection for the 12 million annual passengers. The initiative expands on Conduent's previous electronic ticketing system and reflects a global trend towards digitalized public transport payments."], ["20250708", "This article identifies 10 of the safest high-dividend stocks, all yielding over 5% and having a \"C\" or better Dividend Risk Score from Sure Analysis. Each company profile details recent financial performance, dividend yield, and payout ratio. The list aims to guide investors seeking stable income from high-yield investments, emphasizing the importance of researching financial stability due to the elevated risks associated with high-dividend stocks."], ["20250708", "Fleetguard has introduced a new VIN search tool for on-highway vehicles, allowing customers to quickly and accurately identify correct filters and parts using a 17-digit VIN. This innovation aims to eliminate guesswork, reduce errors, and prevent potential damage or warranty issues by streamlining the part-finding process. The company stated this tool enhances the user experience and provides immediate results."], ["20250708", "Ameren's Missouri subsidiary plans to build the Big Hollow Energy Center, featuring an 800-MW simple-cycle gas plant and a 400-MW battery storage facility in Jefferson County, to meet increasing electricity demand and enhance grid resiliency. This project, expected to be online by 2028 with regulatory approval, marks Ameren's first large-scale battery facility and contributes to its goal of 1.8 GW of energy storage by 2042. The utility is also planning to add 1.6 GW of gas generation by 2030 and a total of 6.1 GW by 2045, reflecting a shift in its resource plan to address anticipated new energy demand."], ["20250708", "Paccar, a truck manufacturer with a plant in Sainte-Th\u00e9r\u00e8se, Quebec, announced layoffs for at least 175 workers next month, adding to 250 job losses in December. These cuts are attributed to economic uncertainty and potential U.S. tariffs, despite the company's trucks currently being exempt from a 25% American tariff. The factory's daily production capacity has been significantly reduced, prompting concerns from local officials and union representatives about the future of manufacturing in Canada."], ["20250708", "Shoals Technologies Group announced a significant contract with CJR Renewables for the 110 MW Alcones solar project in Chile, marking its strategic entry into the South American market. This project will be the first in Chile to implement Shoals' Big Lead Assembly (BLA) system, designed to enhance installation efficiency and energy yield while reducing labor needs. Once operational, the facility is expected to power over 86,000 households and prevent 62,000 tons of annual CO\u2082 emissions."], ["20250708", "Exxon Mobil Corp. anticipates a $1.5 billion reduction in its second-quarter earnings due to lower oil and gas prices. While oil and gas prices negatively impacted earnings by $1 billion and $500 million respectively, refining margins are expected to provide a $300 million uplift. This guidance is consistent with analysts' estimates, distinguishing Exxon from Shell due to its smaller trading organization."], ["20250708", "This article explains the reasons behind Sprott Asset Management offering two distinct copper mining ETFs, COPP and COPJ, and details their differences. Steven Schoffstall from Sprott Asset Management discusses how the demand for copper is driven by AI and the global energy transition, highlighting the unique strategy of each pure-play ETF for investors to gain exposure to the copper market. Important disclosures regarding ETF investments, risks, and trading are also provided."], ["20250708", "Portsmouth Community Power (PCP) has announced that its electricity supply rates will increase for the period of August 2025 through January 2026, surpassing Eversource's rates. While this means PCP customers will temporarily pay more, the program emphasizes its long-term goal of building reserves for green energy projects and its past record of savings for residents. Customers retain the flexibility to opt-up to renewable sources or opt-out to Eversource at any time."], ["20250708", "Texas Pacific Land (TPL) reported a Q2 2025 earnings miss, with EPS of $5.05 against an expected $5.48 and revenue of $187.54 million versus a $204 million forecast. Despite the shortfall and a 7.43% stock drop, the company highlighted impressive gross profit margins of 94.5% and increased royalty production, remaining optimistic about the Permian Basin's long-term potential. TPL plans substantial capital deployment through buybacks, organic investments, and asset acquisitions, while also focusing on desalination technology and water management solutions."], ["20250708", "Tigo Energy has successfully certified its three-phase Tigo EI Inverters for compliance with Czech Republic's PPDS P4 requirements, enabling grid connection for solar inverters. This expansion coincides with the anticipated 967 MW new solar capacity in the Czech Republic in 2024, largely driven by residential installations. The Tigo EI Residential system offers an integrated solution for solar generation, storage, and energy management, supporting the growing demand for energy independence in the region."], ["20250708", "Ovintiv Inc. (OVV) stock has risen by 5.5% after Goldman Sachs upgraded its rating from neutral to buy, setting a price target of $47. Analysts, on average, have an overweight rating and an even higher price target of $53.08, reflecting renewed investor optimism. The company's strong financial standing, evident in an 85.3% gross margin and 13.31% ROE, along with strategic investments and prudent debt management, are key drivers behind the positive market sentiment."], ["20250708", "The Kansas Corporation Commission has approved Evergy's plan to construct two natural gas plants and a new solar plant, despite objections from various groups and concerns over potential rate increases for customers. The decision will lead to an estimated 8.6% increase in bills for Evergy Kansas Central customers, funding plants costing over $1.8 billion, with Evergy Missouri West potentially co-owning the gas plants subject to Missouri approval. Critics, including industrial consumers and environmental groups, raised concerns about the frequency and magnitude of rate cases, the early retirement of coal plants, and the volatility of natural gas prices, while Evergy emphasized the need for new generation to meet growing demand and ensure system reliability."], ["20250708", "Volaris, a Mexican ultra-low-cost carrier, reported its preliminary traffic results for June 2025, showing a 0.6% increase in available seat miles (ASM) capacity but a 1.4% decrease in revenue passenger miles (RPMs). Despite a declining load factor of 83.9%, the company transported 2.4 million passengers, demonstrating resilience in transborder demand amid changing immigration policies. Volaris's CEO noted the alignment of capacity growth with demand and preparedness for the upcoming peak summer season, while institutional investors showed mixed activity in VLRS stock."], ["20250708", "Baytex Energy Corp.'s stock has surged over 11% due to market speculation regarding potential acquisition talks and optimistic energy sector forecasts. The company's robust financial performance, strategic growth plans including increased exploration budgets, and technological efficiency initiatives are driving investor confidence. These factors position Baytex Energy for sustained success and enhanced market presence amidst a dynamic energy landscape."], ["20250708", "Delixy Holdings Limited, a Singapore-based oil products trading company, announced the pricing of its initial public offering of 2,000,000 ordinary shares at US$4.00 per share, with 1,350,000 offered by the company. The shares are expected to commence trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol \u201cDLXY\u201d on July 9, 2025. The company anticipates receiving gross proceeds of US$5.4 million from its portion of the offering, which will be used for expanding product offerings, strengthening market position, potential acquisitions, and general working capital."], ["20250708", "Exxon Mobil announced an expected $1.5 billion hit to its second-quarter earnings due to lower oil and gas prices. The company anticipates a profit decline from falling liquids prices between $800 million and $1.2 billion, and an additional $300 million to $700 million reduction from lower natural gas prices. Despite these challenges, Exxon Mobil expects refining margins to partially offset the negative impact, potentially boosting earnings by about $300 million."], ["20250708", "Aurora Innovation Inc. director John J Donahoe recently purchased 162,337 shares of Class A Common Stock for approximately $989,460 on August 6, 2025. This transaction increased his direct and trust-held shares, following an 82% return for AUR stock over the past year. Despite strong recent performance and revenue beat, InvestingPro analysis indicates the stock might be overvalued, though the company continues to make strides in driverless trucking."], ["20250708", "Enphase Energy and other solar stocks experienced a downturn in early trading following President Donald Trump's executive order to accelerate the phaseout of tax credits for clean electricity. Enphase's stock specifically received an analyst downgrade, contributing to its decline. The move also impacted electricity-generating companies with exposure to wind and solar markets."], ["20250708", "Tesla shares fell 8% after CEO Elon Musk announced plans to launch a new political party called the \"America Party,\" raising concerns among investors about his focus on the EV maker. Investment firm Azoria postponed its Tesla ETF listing due to these developments, and its CEO questioned Musk's commitment to Tesla. Former President Donald Trump also criticized Musk's political ambitions, calling them a \"train wreck.\""], ["20250708", "Elong Power Holding Limited has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Indonesia's Consumer Protection Agency (BPKN) to address electricity access issues and develop the country\u2019s new energy industry. BPKN plans to invest over US$1 billion in solar-plus-storage off-grid systems and support the large-scale application of lithium battery energy storage, with Elong Power providing comprehensive solutions and technical support. Elong Power will also assist BPKN in attracting Chinese new energy investments in Indonesia."], ["20250708", "Vinson & Elkins advised Tidewater Inc. (NYSE: TDW) on its debut Rule 144A/RegS offering of 9.125% Senior Notes due 2030, which closed on July 7, 2025. The proceeds from the offering were utilized by Tidewater Inc., a leading provider of offshore services vessels, to refinance existing indebtedness. The Vinson & Elkins corporate team was led by partners Mike Telle and David Stone."], ["20250708", "Delixy Holdings Limited, a Singapore-based oil trading company, announced the pricing of its initial public offering of 2,000,000 ordinary shares at US$4.00 per share. The shares are expected to trade on Nasdaq under \"DLXY\" starting July 9, 2025, with gross proceeds of US$5.4 million for the company, intended for expansion, market strengthening, potential acquisitions, and general working capital. Bancroft Capital, LLC is acting as the lead underwriter for the offering."], ["20250708", "Valaris Limited has secured new contracts for two of its drillships, Valaris DS-16 and Valaris DS-18, adding approximately $760 million to its contracted revenue backlog. This brings the total new contract backlog for the year to $1.9 billion. The company also announced the sale of its jackup Valaris 247 for about $108 million."], ["20250708", "Fluence Energy, Inc. has been selected by AMPYR Australia to construct the 300 MW / 600 MWh Wellington Stage 1 Battery Energy Storage System (BESS) in New South Wales. This project, which will utilize Fluence\u2019s Gridstack\u2122 product, Mosaic bidding software, and Nispera asset performance management software with a 20-year service contract, marks AMPYR's first grid-scale battery project in Australia. Slated for operation in 2026, the initiative aims to boost Australia's renewable energy capacity and grid stability, contributing to AMPYR's goal of delivering 6,000 MWh of battery storage by 2030."], ["20250708", "Expro Group Holdings N.V. (NYSE: XPRO) has scheduled a conference call for July 29, 2025, to discuss its second-quarter 2025 financial results. A press release detailing these results will be issued before market open on the same day and posted on the company's investor relations website. Interested parties can pre-register for the call or access it via dial-in or live webcast."], ["20250708", "Elong Power (NASDAQ:ELPW) has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Indonesia's Consumer Protection Agency (BPKN). BPKN plans to invest at least $1 billion in integrated solar-plus-storage off-grid power systems for Indonesia's islands and rural areas, with Elong Power providing technical support and solutions. This partnership, while non-binding, aims to address electricity access challenges and promote new energy development in Indonesia, including the green electrification of the mining sector."], ["20250708", "Singapore-based oil products trading company, Delixy Holdings Limited, has priced its initial public offering at $4.00 per share, aiming to raise $5.4 million in gross proceeds. The company will offer 1.35 million shares, while selling shareholders will offer 650,000, with trading expected to commence on Nasdaq under the symbol \"DLXY\" on July 9, 2025. Proceeds are slated for expanding product offerings, strengthening market position, potential acquisitions, and general working capital, though the relatively small IPO size and significant insider selling raise questions about potential post-IPO pressure."], ["20250707", "Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP advised the underwriters in connection with The Williams Companies, Inc.'s public offering of $1.5 billion in senior notes. The transaction closed on June 30, 2025, following pricing on June 26, 2025. The Weil team included specialists in Capital Markets, Regulatory Transaction, Environmental, and Tax law."], ["20250707", "Valaris Limited has secured significant multi-year contract extensions for its drillships VALARIS DS-16 and VALARIS DS-18 with Anadarko Petroleum Corporation in the Gulf of America. These contracts add approximately $760 million to Valaris\u2019s revenue backlog, extending operation for the DS-16 by 940 days starting June 2026, and a new 914-day contract for the DS-18 beginning mid-fourth quarter 2026. The company's CEO, Anton Dibowitz, highlighted securing $1.9 billion in new contract backlog this year, emphasizing Valaris's strong commercial strategy and focus on high-specification assets for long-term growth."], ["20250707", "AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc. is partnering with an unnamed Israeli defense/technology firm to demonstrate AI-powered autonomous UAS teaming. This system, designed for border security, surveillance, and intrusion detection, integrates AgEagle\u2019s eBee VISION drones with AI-powered mission planning and control tools. The goal is to showcase advanced autonomous capabilities with minimal human intervention, enhancing ISR effectiveness and delivering real-time operational intelligence."], ["20250707", "Tidewater Inc. announced the closing of a $650 million private offering of 9.125% senior unsecured notes due 2030. The proceeds, combined with cash, were used to repay an existing senior secured term loan and redeem outstanding 2026 and 2028 bonds. Additionally, the company entered into a new $250 million senior secured five-year revolving credit facility."], ["20250707", "Over the last year, Ryder System insiders have sold US$7.0m worth of shares, with no insider purchases recorded. The President of Global Supply Chain Solutions, John Sensing, made the largest sale of US$4.1m. Although Ryder System has high insider ownership and growing earnings, the consistent selling by multiple insiders raises a red flag and suggests a degree of hesitancy among them."], ["20250707", "PG&E is investing $50 million into new and existing financial assistance programs to help customers with past-due energy bills. This includes the new \"Match My Payment Program,\" which offers a dollar-for-dollar match up to $1,000 for qualifying low-to moderate-income customers, and the existing PG&E REACH program. The initiative aims to stabilize customer bills through 2025 and into 2026, offering aid to approximately 400,000 customers."], ["20250707", "Tidewater Inc. has completed a significant refinancing initiative, including a $650 million private offering of 9.125% senior unsecured notes due 2030 and a new $250 million revolving credit facility. The proceeds were used to repay existing debt, redeem outstanding bonds, and cover related fees, effectively restructuring its financial obligations. This move aims to strengthen the company's financial position and provide more flexibility for its operations in offshore energy and wind support within its expansive fleet."], ["20250707", "Gogo Galileo HDX is launching a new era of global business aviation connectivity, powered by the Eutelsat OneWeb satellite constellation. The article highlights recent developments related to Gogo's connectivity solutions, including STCs for Gulfstreams, the launch of its 5G network, and partnerships expanding its market reach. It also touches on a lawsuit and quarterly financial results."], ["20250707", "Dorian LPG Ltd.'s stock has seen a significant increase, but a closer look at its financials raises concerns. Despite previous net income growth, the company's Return on Equity (ROE) is below the industry average, and its high payout ratio suggests limited funds available for reinvestment. Analysts also anticipate a future decline in earnings and ROE, casting doubt on the sustainability of its growth, especially if faced with risks."], ["20250707", "Freight Technologies (Fr8Tech) announced that Reckitt Benckiser de M\u00e9xico, a global leader in health, hygiene, and nutrition, has become a new client. This partnership highlights Fr8Tech's capability to attract globally recognized companies seeking advanced logistics solutions in the North American market. The company continues to enhance its technology and network to improve supply chain visibility, reduce costs, and streamline logistics management for businesses across the USMCA region."], ["20250707", "Faraday Future (NASDAQ: FFAI) has launched an early reservation portal for individual users for its Faraday X (FX) Super One B2C model, building on successful B2B outreach that secured 4,100 deposits. Starting tomorrow, registrants with a deposit will receive an FF ID and queue number for earlier delivery. The official B2C pre-order campaign will fully launch on July 17th during the FX Super One's global initial product launch event."], ["20250707", "FuelCell Energy CEO Jason Few praised the \"One Big Beautiful Bill Act\" (OBBBA), highlighting its direct support for the fuel cell industry and its role in strengthening America's energy infrastructure and clean manufacturing. Few specifically pointed to the reinstatement and transferability of the Investment Tax Credit (ITC) as crucial for the sector and commended modifications to hydrogen provisions for ensuring stability for existing investments. The company believes the OBBBA will foster a more inclusive, American-led, and innovation-driven clean energy policy."], ["20250707", "BMO Capital Markets has increased its 12-month price target for Ero Copper Corp to C$27 from C$24, driven by confidence in the company's near-term growth. This upgrade is largely attributed to the ramp-up of Ero Copper\u2019s Tucum\u00e3 project in Brazil, which is expected to significantly boost copper production, enhance free cash flow, and strengthen financial flexibility. Analysts believe Ero Copper is well-positioned to capitalize on rising copper demand due to global electrification trends, supporting a consensus \"Buy\" rating."], ["20250707", "Wells Fargo analysts anticipate tailwinds for Enphase Energy (ENPH) following recent revisions to a proposed Senate tax bill. The removal of a one-time excise tax on foreign content and the extension of a four-year \"safe harbor\" for solar project tax credit eligibility are expected to benefit Enphase and the broader solar sector. Enphase, a leader in microinverter and energy storage systems, is poised to capitalize on these changes, which strengthen the outlook for residential and commercial solar component providers."], ["20250707", "SEKO Logistics has expanded its partnership with Freightos, integrating Freightos' 7LFreight and WebCargo solutions globally to streamline air and ground rate management and booking. This expansion allows SEKO to unify pricing, access real-time carrier rates, and standardize charge logic across its international operations, leading to faster, more accurate quoting and improved operational efficiency. The integration supports the demand for transparent, multimodal logistics solutions in a competitive market."], ["20250707", "Ecopetrol has acquired a suspended 205-MW wind project located in Colombia. This acquisition marks a significant move for the company in the onshore wind sector within Latin America. The article highlights the deal within the context of recent renewable energy news and market activities."], ["20250707", "Exxon Mobil Corp. has warned investors that its second-quarter profit could be negatively impacted by more than $1 billion due to lower crude prices and nearly $1 billion because of lower natural-gas prices. The energy major flagged these potential hits to its upstream, or exploration and production, business, which previously reported a GAAP profit of $6.8 billion in the first quarter of this year. Exxon is scheduled to release its second-quarter earnings on August 1."], ["20250707", "XTI Aerospace (NASDAQ: XTIA) announced the closing of a partial exercise of an over-allotment option from its recent public offering, resulting in an additional sale of 1,219,995 shares of common stock at $1.75 per share. This transaction brings the total gross proceeds from the offering to approximately $18 million, before deductions for underwriting and offering expenses. The company also issued additional warrants for 61,000 shares to the underwriter, with an exercise price of $2.1875 per share, and continues to make progress on its TriFan 600 aircraft development, including FAA meetings and technology collaborations."], ["20250707", "Old Dominion Freight Line Inc. (ODFL) stock fell 3.93% on Monday, closing at $164.31, underperforming the broader market. This decline occurred during a generally rough trading session where the S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average also saw decreases. The stock's drop ended a three-day winning streak."], ["20250707", "Colombian state oil firm Ecopetrol has acquired the Windpeshi wind power project in La Guajira from Enel for $50 million. The project will have a capacity of 205 megawatts and is expected to contribute 8-9% of Ecopetrol Group's energy demand annually. This acquisition aligns with Colombia's push to expand renewable energy sources and transition away from fossil fuels, despite facing hurdles with project development."], ["20250707", "The article highlights UTG as an ideal investment for income-focused investors due to its stable monthly income (6.67% annual yield) and NAV preservation, despite limited capital appreciation. It emphasizes the fund's active management, diversification, and exposure to renewables, setting it apart from traditional utility ETFs. While acknowledging higher leverage and volatility, the author rates UTG a Buy for those seeking yield stability and willing to tolerate market fluctuations, especially during early rate hike cycles."], ["20250707", "The iShares U.S. Transportation ETF (IYT), launched in 2003, is a passively managed ETF designed for exposure to the Industrials - Transportation/Shipping sector. With $713.57 million in assets and an expense ratio of 0.39%, it tracks the Dow Jones Transportation Average Index. Key holdings include Uber Technologies, Union Pacific Corp, and United Parcel Service, with the top 10 accounting for about 75.77% of assets."], ["20250707", "TeraWulf Inc. (NASDAQ: WULF) saw its stock trading down by 9.6% following market reactions to leadership changes and financial concerns, despite earlier breaching the $5 mark. The company is actively pursuing partnerships and strategic acquisitions in renewable energy, aiming to broaden its market presence and fortify sustainable growth. Analysts and investors remain cautiously optimistic, citing TeraWulf\u2019s efficient cost management, steady revenue streams, and commitment to aligning economic reality with environmental imperatives."], ["20250707", "LG Group is intensifying its efforts to form a partnership with Honda Motor Co. as it expands its automotive electronics portfolio to align with the shift towards software-defined vehicles. Key executives from LG Group's units are meeting with Honda's CEO to present their latest automotive electronic products, including infotainment systems, displays, and EV batteries, as part of their \"Tech Day\" events for global carmakers. This initiative is a strategic move to promote in-vehicle systems as a significant growth driver for the South Korean conglomerate."], ["20250707", "AutoNation has joined FM Capital's new venture capital fund, which aims to invest in early- to mid-stage companies focusing on retail technology as well as autonomous and connected vehicles. This partnership will see AutoNation, among other investors, assist these emerging companies. The article highlights AutoNation's long-standing interest in joining the FM Capital fund."], ["20250707", "Electric mobility startup Yulu has secured Rs 25.7 crore in Series B funding from Canadian auto parts manufacturer Magna International. This investment follows Magna's participation in a larger Rs 160 crore fundraise earlier this year, alongside Bajaj Auto. The capital comes as Yulu experiences increasing demand for its electric two-wheelers, particularly in the quick commerce and hyperlocal delivery segments, and aims to double its on-ground EV presence to 100,000 units this year."], ["20250707", "Penske Automotive has expanded its portfolio by acquiring a Ferrari dealership in Modena, Italy, which will be rebranded as Ferrari Modena. This acquisition marks a continued trend of buy-sell activities in the automotive retail sector. The article also provides brief updates on tariffs and other manufacturing and retail news."], ["20250707", "The article recommends selling the Global X Lithium & Battery Tech ETF (LIT) due to poor 5-year returns and deteriorating lithium sector fundamentals. Lithium prices have significantly dropped since 2022 because of oversupply and slower-than-expected electric vehicle (EV) adoption, making the ETF's valuation unattractive. Investors are advised to wait for clear demand improvement before reinvesting in LIT."], ["20250707", "This article provides a comprehensive overview of SEC filings for Ocean Park High Income ETF (DUKH), offering investors access to regulatory documents like 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports. It details how these filings concern Duke Energy Corporation securities and highlight material events, capital structuring, risk factors, and financial results. The platform, Stock Titan, uses AI to summarize key points from these documents to help investors quickly understand the impact and sentiment of each filing."], ["20250707", "Niu Technologies reported a significant 37% increase in sales in China for Q2 2025, driven by the \"618 Shopping Festival\" and model upgrades, with high-end models topping e-commerce rankings. However, international sales continued to decline due to a \"complex and uncertain\" market environment despite new product launches and network expansion. The company's stock, NIU, has seen an 87% gain this year, outperforming other auto stocks trading on U.S. exchanges."], ["20250707", "Valaris Limited has secured new contracts worth $760 million for two drillships, Valaris DS-16 and Valaris DS-18, with Anadarko Petroleum Corporation in the US Gulf. The Valaris DS-16 received a 940-day extension starting in June 2026, while the Valaris DS-18 secured a new 914-day contract beginning in mid-Q4 2026. These contracts contribute to Valaris's significant backlog, which has reached approximately $1.9 billion in new contracts this year."], ["20250707", "Tesla shares tumbled 7% after a public feud reignited between Elon Musk and Donald Trump, with investors concerned about potential government hurdles for Musk's companies. This comes amid a significant drop in Tesla's sales and increasing competition, following Musk's political alignment which analysts believe has negatively impacted the brand."], ["20250707", "Wabtec Corporation announced its definitive agreement to acquire Frauscher Sensor Technology Group GmbH for \u20ac675 million in cash. This acquisition is expected to strengthen Wabtec's Digital Intelligence business by adding advanced railway signaling technologies, anticipating immediate shareholder value through accretive growth, Adjusted EBIT margins, and Adjusted EPS in the first year. Frauscher is projected to generate approximately \u20ac145 million in revenue in 2025, contributing to Wabtec's international growth strategy, particularly in Europe and India."], ["20250707", "Southwest Airlines CEO Bob Jordan discusses the company's recent controversial policy changes, including ending \"Bags Fly Free\" and assigned seating, as necessary to generate over $4 billion in revenue during economic uncertainty and investor pressure. He emphasizes that embracing change is hard but essential for business survival and improved employee experience, asserting that these adjustments align with the airline's core mission and will ultimately benefit customers."], ["20250706", "GXO Logistics has appointed Patrick Kelleher as its new Chief Executive Officer, effective August 19, 2025. Kelleher, previously CEO North America at DHL Supply Chain, brings over three decades of global supply chain experience to the role, succeeding the retiring Malcolm Wilson. His appointment is expected to drive GXO's next phase of growth, focusing on innovation and delivering value to customers and shareholders."], ["20250706", "Copa Airlines is launching new direct flights from Panama City to Paramaribo, Suriname, starting July 6. This new route will make Paramaribo the 81st destination in Copa's network, enhancing connectivity for commercial and tourism investment and linking Suriname efficiently to 32 other countries across the Americas via the Hub of the Americas. The service will operate twice weekly on Wednesdays and Saturdays using a Boeing 737-700 aircraft."], ["20250706", "Oshkosh Defense has secured a $167 million order from the U.S. Army for 225 trucks and 54 trailers, which include HEMTT A4 variants and Pelletized Load System A2 vehicles. These heavy tactical vehicles will support the National Guard, Reserve, and the Program Executive Office Missiles and Space. This contract follows a recent $95 million order and a three-year extension for Medium Tactical Vehicles A2 production, demonstrating the versatility of Oshkosh's FHTV fleet."], ["20250706", "This article examines whether Diamondback Energy's financial performance, particularly its Return on Equity (ROE) and earnings growth, is responsible for its recent 13% stock price increase. While its ROE is similar to the industry average, the company has shown exceptional net income growth of 49% over five years, reinvesting 60% of its income efficiently. Despite forecasts for slowing earnings growth, the company's past performance and dividend policy suggest positive factors for investors."], ["20250705", "St. Johns Ship Building, a subsidiary of Americraft Marine, has been awarded a contract by Southland Contracting, Inc. to construct two steel deck barges. This partnership highlights St. Johns Ship Building's reputation for high-quality commercial marine vessels and contributes to the revitalization of America's shipbuilding industrial base. All fabrication and assembly will take place at their Palatka, Florida facility, supporting job growth and infrastructure development."], ["20250705", "The Defiance Oil Enhanced Options Income ETF (USOY) offers an impressive implied annualized distribution rate of 111% through weekly income payments generated by selling put options on the United States Oil Fund (USO). Despite its high yield, the actively managed ETF has shown a negative total return since its inception in May 2024 due to a high expense ratio and the underlying USO fund's long-term underperformance relative to crude oil prices. The article concludes that USOY is a high-risk fund and not suitable for investors seeking a reliable passive income stream, despite its alluring distribution rate."], ["20250705", "DNOW Inc. has agreed to acquire MRC Global in a $1.5 billion all-stock transaction, creating a major energy and industrial solutions provider. The combined company, which will be named DNOW and headquartered in Houston, will have an expanded footprint of over 350 service and distribution centers across more than 20 countries. This merger aims to diversify product offerings, fortify long-term profitability, and enhance service for energy, gas utility, and industrial customers."], ["20250705", "Investment firm Azoria Partners has postponed the launch of its Azoria Tesla Convexity exchange-traded fund following CEO Elon Musk's announcement of forming a new U.S. political party, the \"America Party.\" Azoria CEO James Fishback criticized Musk's political ambitions, questioning their compatibility with his role at Tesla, and expressed support for Donald Trump. This decision reportedly undermines shareholder confidence in Tesla's future."], ["20250704", "The Texas Supreme Court has dismissed a $90 million lawsuit against Werner, overturning a lower court's verdict related to a 2014 accident. The court ruled that Werner and its driver were not at fault, attributing the accident solely to the other vehicle. This decision is a significant win for Werner and addresses a critical issue for the trucking industry regarding escalating insurance costs and \"nuclear\" verdicts."], ["20250704", "Viking Holdings has launched its newest ocean ship, Viking Vesta, capable of hosting 998 guests, which will sail its inaugural season in the Mediterranean and Northern Europe. The company is also pioneering sustainable innovation with Fincantieri, revealing plans for the Viking Libra and Viking Astrea, which will be the world's first hydrogen-powered, zero-emission cruise ships, scheduled for delivery in late 2026 and 2027, respectively. The Viking Vesta is designed for future retrofitting with these new technologies."], ["20250704", "Venture Global has signed a 20-year Sales and Purchase Agreement with PETRONAS LNG Ltd. for 1 million tonnes per annum (MTPA) of liquefied natural gas from its upcoming CP2 LNG facility. This agreement strengthens an existing partnership and highlights the increasing global demand for U.S. LNG. The CP2 project, Venture Global's third facility, has already secured significant pre-sale volumes, demonstrating strong market confidence and its crucial role in future energy supply."], ["20250704", "Valaris Limited announced the sale of its jackup rig VALARIS 247 to BW Energy/BWE for approximately $108 million in cash. This transaction, expected to close in the second half of 2025, will enhance Valaris's financial flexibility, according to CEO Anton Dibowitz. The 27-year-old rig is currently operating offshore Australia, and BWE will be restricted from using it outside of BWE-owned or affiliated properties for its remaining useful life."], ["20250704", "KNOT Offshore Partners LP has acquired the 2022-built DP2 shuttle tanker Daqing Knutsen from Knutsen NYK Offshore Tankers AS. The acquisition is noted as an accretive vessel acquisition that grows the fleet in a high-demand class while improving charter value and duration. Additionally, KNOT Offshore Partners LP is refinancing the 2020-built suezmax Tove Knutsen through a sale and leaseback transaction, expected to generate approximately $32 million in net proceeds."], ["20250704", "Liberty Media has officially completed its \u20ac4.3 billion acquisition of Dorna Sports, taking control of both MotoGP and WorldSBK championships. Having previously acquired Formula 1 rights in 2017, Liberty Media now owns the largest four and two-wheeled motorsport championships. The company aims to expand MotoGP's global presence, particularly in North America, with Carlos Ezpeleta continuing as CEO of Dorna and new strategic personnel joining the senior team."], ["20250704", "Boss Energy (ASX:BOE) has provided enCore Energy (TSX-V:EU) with a new US$3.6 million cash facility, extending the repayment deadline for their existing US$10.4 million loan agreement to December 27, 2025, to support their Alta Mesa Uranium Project joint venture. The new agreement increases interest rates on drawn funds to 10% per annum and includes protections for Boss Energy, such as a parent company guarantee and the option to convert outstanding debt into a controlling 51% interest in the joint venture. This move will provide enCore with financial flexibility to advance the project, and Boss Energy's share price saw a slight increase following the announcement."], ["20250704", "Adecoagro and Tether are reportedly considering a partnership to leverage renewable energy for crypto operations in Brazil. The potential collaboration would combine Adecoagro's expertise in sustainable agriculture and energy production with Tether's blockchain technology. This initiative aims to explore using renewable resources to power cryptocurrency activities, aligning with growing trends in green blockchain solutions."], ["20250704", "Navios Maritime Partners has terminated its bareboat charter agreements with VS Tankers following the implementation of US sanctions. The New York-listed shipowner exercised contract clauses that allowed for the termination of these deals. This move affects vessels like the Erbil, which was sub-bareboat-chartered to VS Tankers before further time-chartering."]]}