{"topic": "economy_fiscal", "news": [["20250701", "A US federal judge has ordered Argentina to surrender its 51% stake in energy company YPF within 14 days to partially satisfy a $16 billion judgment related to the country's controversial 2012 nationalization of the company. This ruling places Argentina in a difficult position, requiring it to either comply and face domestic legal challenges or defy the order and risk international enforcement proceedings. The decision has significant implications for President Javier Milei's economic strategy and privatization efforts, as YPF is central to his plans."], ["20250701", "Aqua Illinois has launched a new Customer Assistance Program (CAP) to provide financial relief to income-eligible customers in Illinois, offering a 70% discount on water and wastewater bills. Administered in partnership with Dollar Energy Fund, the program aims to support customers facing financial challenges through monthly discounts based on household income. Aqua Illinois encourages qualifying customers to apply online or by phone to take advantage of this year-round initiative."], ["20250701", "Tata Semiconductor and Israel\u2019s Tower Semiconductor are the frontrunners for a \u20b9240 billion contract to modernize the Semi-Conductor Laboratory (SCL) in Mohali, India. They have successfully cleared the technical bid stage and are now competing in the financial bid phase to revamp SCL's aging 180-nanometre fabrication line. This modernization aims to increase production capacity and falls under the larger India Semiconductor Mission."], ["20250701", "Planet Labs Germany GmbH secured a multi-year \u20ac240 million satellite services agreement with the German government to support European peace and security. The deal includes dedicated capacity on Pelican satellites, direct downlink services, and access to PlanetScope and SkySat data, along with AI-enabled solutions for enhanced situational and maritime awareness. This agreement expands Planet's collaboration with Germany and reinforces its role as a key geospatial intelligence provider for strategic monitoring."], ["20250701", "PG&E is investing $50 million into new and existing financial assistance programs to help customers with past-due energy bills. The new Match My Payment Program offers eligible low-to-moderate income customers a dollar-for-dollar match up to $1,000, while the existing REACH program provides bill credits up to $300. These initiatives aim to prevent service disconnections and support families, especially during peak energy usage months."], ["20250701", "The City of Portland has introduced three BEAM Global EV ARC\u2122 2020 mobile solar-powered charging stations to support its electric vehicle fleet. These off-grid units provide renewable energy, enhance emergency preparedness, and offer deployment flexibility, contributing to the city's climate goals and aiming for a net-zero carbon fleet by 2050. The initiative is funded by the Portland Clean Energy Community Benefits Fund, with plans to convert 700 vehicles to electric by July 2029."], ["20250701", "Bally's Corp. has submitted a formal application for a $4 billion casino and resort in the Bronx, competing for one of three downstate gaming licenses. The project, \"Bally's Bronx,\" aims to transform Ferry Point Park into a large destination for gaming, dining, and entertainment, promising 15,000 union construction jobs and nearly 4,000 permanent union jobs. Despite significant community opposition concerning the use of public parkland, Bally's has committed $625 million in community benefits."], ["20250701", "Packaging Corporation of America (PCA) is set to acquire Greif\u2019s containerboard business, including a mill in Amherst County, Virginia, for $1.8 billion. This acquisition involves one of Amherst County's largest employers and is expected to close by the end of September. Local officials hope the deal will preserve and potentially create jobs, emphasizing the economic importance of the mill to the community."], ["20250701", "Jabil Inc. is investing $500 million over several years to build a new AI and cloud data center facility in Rowan County, North Carolina, expected to open in mid-2026. This project will create 1,181 jobs within five years, supporting the company's fast-growing cloud and AI business segments. North Carolina officials project an annual payroll impact of over $73.2 million for the region and an economic growth of $3.2 billion over the 12-year life of the Job Development Investment Grant."], ["20250701", "Las Vegas Sands Corp., a major casino and resort company, is heavily investing in North Texas with the aim of building a large resort in Dallas-Fort Worth if gambling is legalized in the state. The company has purchased a majority stake in the Dallas Mavericks and is actively advocating for legislative changes to permit casino gaming, despite local opposition and previous setbacks in the Texas Legislature. Sands envisions an \"integrated resort model\" combining luxury accommodations, entertainment, convention space, and casino gaming, similar to its operations in Macau and Singapore."], ["20250701", "Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems secured a sole-source, 10-year indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract worth nearly $3 billion to continue its role as the Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense (BMD) Combat Systems Engineering Agent. This contract aims to maintain operational relevancy and develop capability improvements for the Missile Defense System. Additionally, other significant defense contracts were awarded to various companies across the Navy, Air Force, Defense Logistics Agency, and Army."], ["20250701", "Jabil Inc. is set to create 1,181 new jobs and invest approximately $500 million in Rowan County, North Carolina, establishing a new manufacturing facility. Governor Josh Stein announced the expansion, highlighting the state's strong manufacturing workforce and business-friendly climate. This project is expected to generate an annual payroll impact of over $73.2 million for the region."], ["20250630", "A New York judge has ruled that Argentina must surrender its 51% controlling stake in YPF SA within two weeks to plaintiffs in a $16 billion judgment. This decision stems from the 2012 nationalization of YPF, which violated company bylaws. The ruling is a significant blow to President Javier Milei's administration and could force Argentina to negotiate a financial settlement, especially as transferring the shares might impact YPF's plans for oil and gas exports."], ["20250630", "A New York judge has ordered Argentina to transfer 51% of YPF shares to Burford Capital as partial payment for a US$16.1 billion lawsuit won by the hedge fund over the 2012 nationalization of the oil and gas company. President Javier Milei announced that Argentina will appeal the ruling, blaming former official Axel Kicillof for the original YPF takeover. The legal battle may proceed to the U.S. Supreme Court, as Argentina argues the turnover violates the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act and its own laws."], ["20250630", "Jabil, a Fortune 500 company, has selected Rowan County, North Carolina, for a significant $264 million investment, projected to create 1,181 manufacturing jobs over the next five years. The decision came after North Carolina offered an incentives package worth $18.8 million, outbidding a competing Florida site. The new facility will produce hardware for AI workflows and data centers, with average annual salaries expected to be higher than the current county average."], ["20250630", "The US Supreme Court has refused to hear American Airlines' appeal regarding a lower court ruling that its partnership with JetBlue Airways violated federal antitrust laws. Both airlines had argued that their \"Northeast Alliance\" benefited consumers and enhanced their competitiveness. However, the Justice Department maintained that the practical implications of the case were limited since JetBlue had already withdrawn from the deal, and reversing the ruling would not have reinstated the agreement."], ["20250630", "Academy Sports and Outdoors is implementing a multi-pronged strategy to mitigate tariff impacts, including shifting sourcing networks and strategic inventory management. The retailer frontloaded $85 million in evergreen products and cut over $120 million in inventory receipts to maintain flexibility. They are also reducing their exposure to Chinese-sourced private brands, aiming for 6% by year-end, down from 9% at the start of the year, by diversifying suppliers to countries like Cambodia and Bangladesh."], ["20250630", "This article provides employers with key insights into U.S. labor law, distinguishing it from employment law and focusing on the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA). It explains protected concerted activities, recent NLRB decisions like McLaren McComb and Stericycle, and best practices for compliance to avoid legal repercussions and foster a fair workplace. The content is based on a webcast by Kevin Skelly, senior counsel at ADP, emphasizing the importance for HR professionals and business leaders to understand these principles."], ["20250630", "Jabil Inc., an engineering, manufacturing, and supply chain company, plans to build a cloud and AI data center in Rowan County, North Carolina. This $500 million investment is expected to create 1,181 jobs. The expansion is supported by the state's Job Development Investment Grant, which could provide over $11 million in reimbursement, and a utility fund for Rowan County."], ["20250630", "Las Vegas Sands, a global casino and resort company, is heavily investing in North Texas with the goal of building a major integrated resort in the Dallas-Fort Worth area, pending the legalization of gambling in Texas. The company has acquired a majority stake in the Dallas Mavericks and is actively lobbying and laying political groundwork, despite local opposition to its zoning amendments in Irving. This move comes after the sale of its U.S. casino properties in Las Vegas and Pennsylvania, signaling a strategic shift towards new markets."], ["20250630", "A US judge has ordered Argentina to surrender its 51% controlling stake in state-run oil company YPF SA within two weeks as partial payment for a US$16-billion court judgment. This ruling stems from a lawsuit by former shareholders regarding Argentina's 2012 nationalization of YPF and delivers a significant blow to President Javier Milei's government, which plans to appeal the decision. The move has impacted Argentina's sovereign bonds and YPF shares, while potentially forcing the country into negotiations for a financial settlement."], ["20250630", "Bally's Corp. unveiled its detailed plans and $2.5 billion committed investment for a $4 billion casino project in the Bronx, aiming to transform a former landfill into a major economic engine. The company highlighted its diverse leadership, a projected 4,000 permanent jobs, and significant community benefits, positioning itself as a strong contender for one of New York City's casino licenses. The project is designed to be a landmark destination covering three million square feet, including a 500,000-square-foot casino and a 2,000-seat performance space."], ["20250630", "Jabil Inc., a Fortune 500 manufacturing firm, has chosen Rowan County, North Carolina, for a new $264 million facility, creating nearly 1,200 jobs. North Carolina offered $11.2 million in payroll tax benefits and over $7 million for worker training, successfully attracting Jabil over a competing offer from Florida. The new facility will manufacture data center hardware, contributing to the state's growing tech sector."], ["20250630", "Brad Heppner, founder and CEO of Dallas-based Beneficient, resigned amid questions about accounting problems and unwillingness to cooperate with the company's audit committee. His departure exacerbates concerns about the struggling company, which holds a unique Kansas banking charter exempting it from some regulatory oversight and made promises of significant economic contributions to rural Kansas. Beneficient is facing multiple lawsuits, federal investigations, a collapsing stock price, and disputes over unpaid wages, leading some to speculate about its potential collapse."], ["20250630", "The Supreme Court's decision in *McLaughlin Chiropractic Associates, Inc. v. McKesson Corp.* further erodes judicial deference to administrative rulings, particularly impacting Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) litigation. The ruling means lower courts are not bound by FCC interpretations regarding online faxes and statutory construction, which will lead to increased uncertainty and litigation. This shift continues the trend seen in *Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo*, redistributing authority away from administrative agencies."], ["20250629", "Canada is making a renewed effort to become a significant player in the liquified natural gas (LNG) export market, with the long-awaited LNG Canada project operational and six more projects under development, potentially representing $109 billion in investment. Despite a previous failed boom and competition from the U.S., there's renewed political will and growing global demand for natural gas, especially in Asia. However, challenges persist, including regulatory hurdles, environmental concerns, and a narrow window of opportunity before renewables could displace natural gas."], ["20250627", "The largest immigration detention center in the Midwest, GEO North Lake Correctional Facility in Baldwin, Michigan, has opened and may soon house people detained by ICE from Chicago. Advocates express concerns about the private prison company GEO Group's troubled past and the facility's remote location, which could impede detainees' access to legal counsel and loved ones. The facility has faced allegations of neglect and abuse in the past, and critics fear a lack of oversight under its new contract with ICE will exacerbate these issues."], ["20250627", "The U.S. Navy has awarded General Dynamics Electric Boat a $1.85 billion contract modification for long lead time material and preliminary construction of Virginia-class Block VI submarines. This undefinitized contract action is an extension of a $3.3 billion base contract from 2023 for submarine procurement, construction, maintenance, and sustainment. Work is slated to continue through September 2035 across multiple states."], ["20250627", "The Toy Association is working to amend an outdated Ohio law (Ohio Revised Code Chapter 3713) that prohibits the use of recycled materials in stuffed toys. Ohio is currently the only state with such a ban, which creates inefficiencies and undermines sustainability goals for manufacturers and retailers. The Association is continuing its advocacy efforts to advance standalone legislation after an attempt to include updates in the state budget bill was unsuccessful."], ["20250627", "Calamos has introduced an ETF with an autocallable strategy, aiming to provide regular high coupons contingent on stock market performance. The fund charges a 0.74% annual fee, and its current coupons are around 14.7%. Each autocallable note is designed to pay a monthly coupon if the tracking index remains above a -40% decline barrier."], ["20250627", "The Investment Committee on CNBC's Halftime Report shares their top stock picks for the second half of the year. The stocks highlighted include KKR & Co, Lululemon, Meta, and Rockwell Automation. This segment provides viewers with expert insights into potential investment opportunities."], ["20250627", "Virginia Natural Gas and Chattanooga Gas, both Southern Company subsidiaries, have expanded their clean energy portfolios by purchasing new renewable natural gas (RNG). This move is part of the company's commitment to delivering cleaner fuels and supporting emission reductions, aligning with their goal of achieving net-zero direct greenhouse gas emissions from operations by 2050. The RNG purchases, involving environmental attributes from Texas facilities, are expected to avoid 18,978 metric tons of CO\u2082e emissions."], ["20250626", "SolarEdge Technologies Inc. has begun full production and shipment of its U.S.-made Home Battery at a new factory in Salt Lake City, Utah, marking its third U.S. manufacturing site. The \"USA Edition\" battery aims to bolster the domestic supply chain, support U.S. energy independence, and help customers meet domestic content requirements for energy tax credits. This expansion reflects growing demand for American-made energy storage and signifies a commitment to reliable, high-quality technology and supply-chain stability within the U.S."], ["20250626", "SolarEdge Technologies has ramped up its new manufacturing site in Salt Lake City, Utah, where it is producing and shipping the 'USA Edition' Home Battery. This expansion is part of SolarEdge's strategy to strengthen its domestic supply chain, meet the demand for American-made energy storage solutions, and create over 2,000 new jobs across three U.S. manufacturing sites. The company aims to support U.S. energy independence and encourages continued clean energy tax incentives."], ["20250626", "Live Nation's announcement of a $1 billion investment in 18 U.S. concert venues, credited to a Trump administration executive order, is drawing skepticism amid the company's ongoing antitrust battle. Critics and industry sources suggest that many of these venue projects were in development prior to the executive order and that Live Nation is using the announcement to curry favor with the current administration. The move is seen as an attempt to influence the Department of Justice's antitrust lawsuit against the company, which could impact its alleged monopoly in live entertainment."], ["20250626", "Amid global uncertainty, Brazil offers compelling investment opportunities due to its macro resilience, limited trade exposure to U.S.-China conflicts, and a domestic economy insulated from global trade volatility. The country's strong domestic sectors, anticipated interest rate cuts, attractive valuations, and low correlation to U.S. assets position it as a promising market for selective investors, despite ongoing fiscal and political concerns."], ["20250626", "Eight utility commissions in the Midcontinent Independent System Operator (MISO) footprint are challenging the U.S. Department of Energy's (DOE) emergency order to keep Consumers Energy's J.H. Campbell coal-fired power plant in Michigan running past its scheduled retirement date. The Organization of MISO States (OMS) argues the DOE failed to demonstrate emergency conditions warranting the order, citing regional capacity auctions and assessments that do not indicate a reliability crisis. They contend that the DOE's reliance on unverified North American Electric Reliability Corp. (NERC) data and the unprecedented use of emergency powers undermine state and regional utility planning processes."], ["20250626", "John Bean (JBTM) reported strong Q1 2025 results with revenue and adjusted EPS beating analyst estimates, driven by demand in poultry, meat, beverage, and pet food segments. Despite positive financial performance and benefits from the Marel integration, investor caution was noted due to U.S. tariff policy and macroeconomic uncertainty. Analyst questions focused on suspended guidance, backlog figures, margin strength in the Marel segment, and mitigation strategies for tariff costs."], ["20250626", "Jefferies Financial Group's shares fell after the company reported lower-than-expected second-quarter profits, which executives attributed to \"uncertainty related to U.S. policy and geopolitical events.\" While advisory revenue rose significantly, equity underwriting revenue dropped. Despite a slow start to the quarter, Jefferies saw an increase in activity towards the end, but its shares have still lost 30% of their value this year."], ["20250625", "Shares of Surf Air Mobility, a provider of regional on-demand charter flight services, soared for a second consecutive day after Palantir disclosed it acquired a 20% stake in the company. The stock jumped 88% during Tuesday's session, with trading briefly paused due to volatility."], ["20250625", "Meatpacking giant JBS debuted on the NYSE after a nearly two-year delay and a $5 million donation from its subsidiary to Donald Trump's 2025 inauguration. Environmental groups and a U.S. Senator raised concerns about a potential quid-pro-quo given JBS's history of corruption and environmental degradation. The company defended the donation as part of its civic engagement."], ["20250625", "MSCI has again declined to upgrade South Korea to developed-market status, keeping it in the emerging-market category due to insufficient foreign exchange reforms and limited investment instrument availability. This decision, announced in MSCI's 2025 classification review, is a setback for Korean policymakers who had hoped recent reforms would lead to an upgrade, which is now postponed until at least 2028. The government plans to intensify reform efforts, including forming a public-private task force, to address the issues cited by MSCI and attract potential foreign fund inflows estimated at $24 billion."], ["20250625", "First Solar has sold US$311.8 million in 45X advanced manufacturing tax credits to a financial institution for US$296.2 million in cash, raising over US$1 billion in tax credit sales this year. The deal aligns with the Inflation Reduction Act's incentives for US clean energy manufacturing, though the company's 2025 net sales guidance has been reduced due to lower module sales forecasts. Concerns exist regarding potential threats to renewable energy tax credits under future administrations."], ["20250624", "BlackBerry Ltd. reported its first quarterly net profit in over three years and better-than-expected revenues and operating profits, causing its stock to surge. Despite this, analysts and management expressed caution due to uncertainties, particularly from U.S. tariffs impacting the automotive market, which could affect its car software business in the second quarter. CEO John Giamatteo's leadership has refocused the company, cut costs, and achieved positive operating cash flows, but overall revenue growth remains muted."], ["20250624", "Alexander & Baldwin (A&B) has ended its 150-year control of East Maui Irrigation Co. (EMI), granting full ownership to Mahi Pono, a farming company owned by a Canadian pension fund. This move signals A&B's shift to focus on its commercial real estate business and withdraws its political influence from Mahi Pono's fight for a long-term water lease. Mahi Pono now faces the East Maui Water Authority in securing a 30-year license for the substantial water flow through the EMI system."], ["20250624", "BlackRock has launched the iShares Texas Equity ETF to capitalize on Texas's growth as a magnet for companies, capital, and jobs. The state\u2019s low taxes, business-friendly policies, and burgeoning tech and energy sectors have attracted significant investment and company relocations, including Tesla, SpaceX, Oracle, and Hewlett Packard Enterprise. This move comes as BlackRock navigates its complex relationship with Republican-leaning states over climate-focused investment policies, recently being removed from Texas's list of companies considered hostile to the energy sector after scaling back some climate commitments."], ["20250624", "Municipal bond investors could see a strong second half of 2025, with yields remaining solid and the market recovering from April's tariff-induced selloff. Analysts from Bank of America and BlackRock recommend adding duration exposure to munis, anticipating continued rally due to changing economic outlooks, easing tax exemption concerns, and shifting supply-demand dynamics. Investors are advised to be selective amid credit normalization and to utilize barbell strategies focusing on high-quality and essential service bonds."], ["20250624", "Wolverine Worldwide's namesake boot brand is launching a new \"Made-in-America\" program for its work boots, starting with the Workshop Wedge boot, to counter persistent tariffs and diversify its sourcing away from China. The initiative was planned before the latest tariff escalations and represents a strategic move to local production, with the company aiming for near-zero sourcing from China by 2026. This comes as Wolverine Worldwide reported a revenue increase in Q1 2025 and anticipates continued growth."], ["20250624", "BlackRock has launched a Texas-focused exchange-traded fund (ETF) called TEXN, aiming to capitalize on the state's economic growth fuelled by company relocations and business-friendly policies. The iShares Texas Equity ETF will invest in Texas-headquartered companies. This move coincides with increasing Wall Street interest in the state, despite BlackRock's complex past relationship with Texas officials over its climate-focused investment policies."], ["20250624", "Executives at Quantum-Si (QSI) sold shares of Class A Common Stock on June 23, 2025, to cover tax obligations from vested restricted stock units. The transactions involved four key executives, including the CFO, GC & Corporate Secretary, CPO, and President & CEO, with shares sold at a weighted average price of $1.6139 per share. These sales resulted in total amounts ranging from $13,918 to $38,257 for individual executives."], ["20250624", "BlackRock has launched a Texas-focused exchange-traded fund called iShares Texas Equity ETF, aiming to capitalize on the state's growing economic activity. Texas's low taxes and business-friendly policies have attracted numerous companies, including Tesla, SpaceX, Oracle, and Hewlett Packard Enterprise. BlackRock currently manages close to $380 billion in assets tied to public companies in Texas, solidifying its position as a major investor in the region."], ["20250623", "Brazil's development bank BNDES has approved US$102mn in financing for steelmaker Gerdau to construct slurry and tailings pipelines in Minas Gerais and a scrap metal recycling center in S\u00e3o Paulo. The pipelines aim to reduce truck traffic and greenhouse gas emissions, despite legislative pushback in Minas Gerais regarding water usage. The recycling center will enhance scrap metal processing, contributing to emission reductions and creating jobs."], ["20250623", "North Dakota plans to expand its in-state Legacy Fund investments by allocating up to $150 million into land, infrastructure, agriculture, and natural resources through an agreement with GCM Grosvenor. This move is part of the state's goal to invest $600 million into North Dakota equity, stimulating its economy and broadening its tax base. The Legacy Fund, currently valued at nearly $12 billion from oil tax revenue, aims to provide a reliable income source for the state long-term."], ["20250623", "Dick's Sporting Goods is reportedly seeking financial support from the village of Orland Park, Illinois, to establish a new House of Sports concept store. The project involves converting a 200,000-square-foot former Sears store at Orland Square, with an estimated cost of $40 million to $50 million. The village is considering a tax increment financing district to aid the development of the new store."], ["20250623", "Array Technologies is set to acquire APA Solar, a fixed-tilt racking and foundation specialist, expanding its product portfolio beyond single-axis trackers. This acquisition will increase Array's addressable market by nearly 40% and allow it to offer integrated tracker-plus-foundation solutions, particularly beneficial for challenging soil conditions. APA Solar's leadership will remain, and the deal is valued at $179 million, including upfront cash, deferred compensation, and a performance-based earnout in stock."], ["20250623", "Korea Electric Power Corp. (KEPCO) announced it will freeze electricity rates for the third quarter despite falling global energy prices, aiming to improve its financial stability. The state-run utility was instructed by the government to maintain the current adjusted unit fuel cost of 5 won per kilowatt-hour, citing KEPCO's financial situation and unadjusted past fuel cost charges. KEPCO's significant debt of 205 trillion won is partly attributed to providing electricity below production costs during the 2021-2023 energy price surge."], ["20250623", "Texas Instruments announced plans to invest over $60 billion in seven semiconductor fabrication plants across Texas and Utah, marking one of the largest investments in the sector. This investment will significantly increase U.S. manufacturing capacity for 300mm chips, supported by $1.6 billion in funding from the CHIPS and Science Act, and will create more than 60,000 new jobs. The new fabs will produce chips for major companies like Apple, Ford, Medtronic, and Nvidia, enhancing the country's position in advanced semiconductor technology."], ["20250622", "ArcelorMittal has postponed its planned direct-reduced iron (DRI) and electric arc furnace (EAF) conversion projects in Bremen and Eisenh\u00fcttenstadt, Germany, citing unfavorable market conditions, uncompetitive energy costs, and weak demand. Despite financial assistance from the German government, the company finds the business case insufficient due to high energy costs, slow progress in green hydrogen development, and high import levels in the European steel market. Concurrently, ArcelorMittal also sold its ArcelorMittal Zenica steel plant and ArcelorMittal Prijedor iron ore mining business in Bosnia to the Pavgord Group."], ["20250621", "Kentucky Utilities is seeking a 13.6% residential electric rate increase, which would add about $18.15 to the average monthly bill for residential customers using 1,085 kWh. This increase aims to generate an additional $226.1 million annually, funding infrastructure upgrades and improving resilience against extreme weather. Several parties, including the Kentucky Attorney General, the Lexington-Fayette Urban County Government, Walmart, and industrial utility customers, plan to intervene in the Public Service Commission's review of the proposed rate hike."], ["20250620", "Weyerhaeuser Company has broken ground on a new $500 million TimberStrand\u00ae manufacturing facility in south Arkansas, near Monticello and Warren. This significant investment is expected to create 200 jobs and reinforce Arkansas's leadership in the timber industry. The facility will produce engineered laminated strand lumber and is projected to begin operations in 2027, sourcing fiber logs from Weyerhaeuser's timberlands across the state."], ["20250620", "The article discusses Section 899, a new foreign tax provision in the proposed One Big Beautiful Bill Act, aimed at discouraging what the U.S. considers \"unfair foreign taxes\" on American companies. This \"revenge tax\" would impose a levy on entities from nations with tax policies deemed discriminatory towards U.S. businesses, potentially impacting dividends and corporate profits starting in 2027. While it could raise revenue and create a more level playing field, the tax might also deter investment in the U.S. and shift equity investors to international markets, with specific implications for high-dividend U.S. companies and those with significant U.S. operations."], ["20250620", "CenterPoint Energy Inc. has reached a settlement agreement for its 2026-2028 Systemwide Resiliency Plan (SRP), which includes a revised investment of over $3 billion in its electric distribution system. This plan, the largest grid resiliency investment in CenterPoint's history, aims to significantly reduce storm-related outages for its 2.8 million customers by 2029. The strategy also includes deferring over $240 million in SRP costs to lessen immediate bill impacts for customers."], ["20250620", "The ICE building in Williston, housing the U.S. Department of Homeland Security\u2019s Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency, was sold for $20 million to Easterly Government Properties, Inc., a Washington D.C. company. The building's use as a 24-7 \"Law Enforcement Support Center\" will not change, as Easterly Government Properties specializes in properties leased to federal government agencies and holds a \"non-cancelable\" lease through 2031. The sale occurred despite ongoing protests against ICE's immigration policies at the location, which the previous owner stated had no impact on their decision to sell."], ["20250620", "Sri Lanka has tabled a bill to establish a gambling regulatory authority, including provisions for regulating physical and online casinos and licensing junket operators. This move comes as Melco Resorts & Entertainment Limited prepares to open its casino in Colombo in August. The legislation aims to formalize the gambling industry and attract high-spending tourists, with the deputy minister noting that practices from other countries were examined in its drafting."], ["20250620", "Texas Instruments plans to invest over $60 billion in semiconductor manufacturing, establishing \"mega-sites\" in Sherman, Richardson, and Lehi, Utah, which is expected to create over 60,000 jobs. This investment is supported by the Trump administration to boost American manufacturing and involves partnerships with major companies like Apple, Ford, Medtronic, NVIDIA, and SpaceX. Additionally, the article covers BGSF's sale of its professional division for $99 million and the upcoming opening of Flight Club, a social entertainment concept, in Addison."], ["20250620", "CarMax shares surged after reporting better-than-expected first-quarter revenue and profit, driven by the largest jump in used-vehicle sales in almost four years. The strong performance is attributed to increased demand for used cars following President Trump\u2019s automobile tariffs, which have impacted new U.S. car supply. The company\u2019s results indicate a significant benefit from these tariffs."], ["20250620", "Jabil is investing $500 million to build a new AI facility in Rowan County, North Carolina, projected to create nearly 1,200 jobs and boost the state's economy by $3.2 billion over 12 years. This expansion is part of Jabil's strategy to meet the surging demand for data centers and cloud computing infrastructure, particularly for artificial intelligence technologies. The company is experiencing significant growth in its intelligent infrastructure segment, driven by the AI boom, and plans to have the facility operational by mid-2026."], ["20250620", "The Supreme Court ruled that district courts are not bound by agency interpretations in civil enforcement proceedings, specifically in cases involving the Hobbs Act's exclusive review provision. This decision limits the deference federal courts must give to an agency\u2019s legal interpretations, strengthening parties' ability to challenge agency interpretations in litigation. It suggests that while agencies may provide guidance, such interpretations do not create a safe harbor from judicial scrutiny unless Congress explicitly states otherwise."], ["20250620", "Arizona Public Service (APS) has requested a 14.5% rate hike for residential customers, totaling $579.5 million, just weeks after refusing to reactivate the Cholla Power Plant. This proposed increase would represent a 30% rise in residential rates since 2023, with APS citing inflation, high interest rates, and supply chain volatility as reasons for the needed revenue. The request comes amid political challenges to the Arizona Corporation Commission, with upcoming elections featuring candidates critical of past rate increases and energy policies."], ["20250619", "The article argues that cannabis legalization is inevitable due to evolving political, generational, and fiscal factors, especially as increased tax revenue becomes a driver. Despite inherent risks in the cannabis industry, the author highlights compelling upside potential for cannabis ETFs like MJ and MSOS, recommending them as risk capital buys with limited exposure. Demographic shifts and bipartisan support are cited as key indicators that federal decriminalization is approaching, which is expected to further bolster the long-term prospects of the industry."], ["20250619", "FutureFuel Corp. will temporarily halt its biodiesel production by the end of June 2025 due to ongoing regulatory uncertainty regarding federal tax credits, despite an EPA proposal for increased renewable diesel mandates. The company will instead prioritize expanding its specialty chemicals segment, leveraging its Batesville facility's flexibility for new product investments and projects through 2025\u20132026. FutureFuel plans to resume biodiesel operations once regulatory clarity improves, demonstrating its adaptive business model."], ["20250619", "A court in Bamako, Mali, has ordered the interim transfer of operational control of Barrick Mining's Loulo-Gounkoto gold mining complex to a state-appointed administrator for six months, following an ongoing dispute that began with Mali's new mining code in 2023. Barrick has called the move unjustified and unprecedented, emphasizing its efforts to reach a resolution and stating that its subsidiaries remain the legal owners. The company has initiated international arbitration proceedings, while Mali contends that the longstanding mining convention covering Loulo has expired."], ["20250619", "Critical Metals (NASDAQ: CRML) has secured a Letter of Interest (LOI) for a non-dilutive US$120 million funding package from the Export-Import Bank of the US (EXIM) for its Tanbreez rare earths project in Southern Greenland. This funding will support pre-production, technical studies, and early mining activities, with the company aiming for a definitive feasibility study by late 2025. The Tanbreez project is touted as one of the world's largest rare earth deposits, expected to produce significant quantities of rare earth materials annually."], ["20250619", "CarMax Inc. is scheduled to report its first-quarter earnings, which are expected to offer insights into U.S. consumer willingness to purchase vehicles. The report comes amidst ongoing uncertainty surrounding tariffs, a factor that could influence used-vehicle sales and the broader automotive market. The Supreme Court's ruling on some Trump-era tariffs is noted, although auto tariffs remain in effect."], ["20250619", "Texas Instruments announced a $60 billion investment to build and expand seven semiconductor factories in the United States, aiming to create over 60,000 jobs. While this strengthens American manufacturing, experts note that much of this investment has been previously announced. Analysts suggest that despite TI's significant commitment, policy gaps could still leave the U.S. vulnerable in the global chip race."], ["20250619", "Jabil is investing US$500m to expand its US manufacturing capabilities, focusing on cloud and AI data center infrastructure with a goal to launch an AI infrastructure facility in the southeastern US by mid-2026. This expansion coincides with Jabil\u2019s acquisition of Mikros Technologies, specializing in liquid cooling systems, to address the thermal management needs of high-performance computing in data centers. The investment is part of a broader trend of significant US manufacturing investments in technology hardware, driven partly by the CHIPS and Science Act, aiming to establish domestic supply chains for critical components."], ["20250619", "Texas Instruments (TI) plans to invest over $60 billion in the U.S. to expand chip manufacturing facilities, aligning with former President Donald Trump's push for increased domestic production. This investment will involve building or expanding seven facilities in Texas and Utah, aiming to create 60,000 jobs and reduce reliance on Asian supply chains. The move also serves to bolster U.S. semiconductor self-sufficiency and respond to geopolitical pressures for reshoring manufacturing."], ["20250618", "Texas Instruments plans to invest over $60 billion in expanding its U.S. semiconductor manufacturing capacity across seven fabs in North Texas and Utah. This significant investment aims to bolster the domestic supply chain for foundational semiconductors vital for various electronics and is expected to create more than 60,000 U.S. jobs. The initiative is supported by the Trump administration and collaborates with major companies like Apple, Ford, Medtronic, NVIDIA, and SpaceX, all of whom rely on TI's technology."], ["20250618", "Texas Instruments announced a massive $60 billion investment into seven new semiconductor fabrication plants across Texas and Utah. This significant expansion will boost U.S. manufacturing capacity for 300mm chips used by major companies like Apple, Ford, and Nvidia. The initiative is partly supported by $1.6 billion from the CHIPS and Science Act, aiming to solidify the U.S.'s position in the global semiconductor market."], ["20250618", "Texas Instruments announced a record $60 billion investment in seven US-based semiconductor fabrication plants across Texas and Utah. This move aims to strengthen critical domestic supply chains, support over 60,000 US jobs, and enable innovation across various industries. Major US manufacturers like Apple, Ford, Medtronic, NVIDIA, and SpaceX are collaborating with TI, emphasizing the importance of this investment for US manufacturing and technological advancement."], ["20250618", "Hasbro has laid off 3 percent of its global workforce, impacting fewer than 150 positions worldwide and under 30 in New England, as the toymaker grapples with rising costs due to increased tariffs. The company is accelerating a $1 billion cost-savings plan and working to reduce its reliance on Chinese manufacturing to offset tariff pressures, even considering delaying a headquarters relocation."], ["20250618", "Gaming and Leisure Properties (GLPI), a major casino landlord, has joined the National Association Against iGaming (NAAiG) to oppose the expansion of online gambling. The NAAiG argues that iGaming threatens in-person gaming jobs, tax revenue, and local investments. This move puts GLPI in contrast with its largest shareholder, Penn Entertainment, which has expressed support for iGaming due to its potential to boost physical casinos."], ["20250618", "Brazil has initiated an anti-dumping investigation into carbon steel wire rods imported from China and Russia, following an application from domestic producers including ArcelorMittal Brasil S.A., Gerdau A\u00e7ominas S.A., and Gerdau S.A. The investigation covers dumping practices from July 2023 to June 2024 and injury assessment from July 2019 to June 2024. This measure is a significant step to protect Brazil's steel industry from unfair competition."], ["20250618", "General Dynamics Electric Boat has been awarded a $987 million contract modification to support submarine production. This funding is for Component Development, Class Lead Yard Support, and Submarine Industrial Base supplier development enhancements, aiming to accelerate submarine delivery. Work will be performed in Connecticut, Virginia, and Rhode Island, with completion expected by 2031."], ["20250618", "The West Virginia Public Service Commission held a hearing for a proposed $250.5 million rate increase by Appalachian Power and Wheeling Power, impacting over 460,000 customers. Executives testified about the necessity of the increase, citing no base rate hike since 2018, while consumer advocates noted a 72% rise in residential rates since then due to other adjustments. The companies are also exploring asset securitization to mitigate the impact on residential customers, which could reduce a potential monthly increase from $23.74 to $6.72."], ["20250618", "Weyerhaeuser is investing $500 million in its first U.S. TimberStrand facility in Monticello, Arkansas, which is expected to create over 200 new jobs. This significant investment is being met with optimism by local businesses and residents, who anticipate a major economic boost for the area. The facility is slated to begin operations by 2027, with construction commencing this year."], ["20250618", "Hasbro Inc., a prominent toy and game company, has laid off approximately 150 employees, which accounts for about 3% of its global workforce. This decision is part of ongoing cost-cutting measures to address trade pressures, including higher tariffs on Chinese imports, and a sustained decline in toy demand. The company is actively working to diversify its manufacturing to reduce reliance on China, which supplies a significant portion of its inventory."], ["20250618", "Texas Instruments announced plans for a $60 billion U.S. investment to expand its manufacturing footprint, responding to government pressure to onshore semiconductor production. This investment, aimed at building or expanding facilities in Texas and Utah and creating 60,000 jobs, follows similar commitments from other chipmakers. The move is seen as an overture to the Trump administration, which has advocated for domestic semiconductor manufacturing and threatened tariffs."], ["20250618", "Nucor shares rose after the steelmaker projected second-quarter profits significantly above analyst expectations, driven by higher average selling prices in steel mills and increased profits in its steel products division. The company's Q2 earnings per share are forecasted to be between $2.55 and $2.65, surpassing the $2.21 analyst consensus. This positive outlook is further bolstered by anticipated benefits from tariffs, which are expected to raise steel prices and increase profits for American steelmakers."], ["20250618", "WidePoint Corporation (WYY) is well-positioned to benefit from increased federal IT spending, especially through its FedRAMP authorization and progress on the Department of Defense's Spiral 4 contract. The company is actively expanding its federal footprint with agencies like the Department of Homeland Security, focusing on cybersecurity, efficiency, and mobility solutions. Despite recent stock underperformance, WYY's valuation appears attractive with potential for significant earnings growth in 2026 if current trends and execution discipline are maintained."], ["20250618", "Nucor Corp.'s shares surged after the steelmaker provided a bullish second-quarter profit outlook. This positive forecast comes just two weeks after President Donald Trump's updated 50% tariffs on imported steel and aluminum went into effect. The improved outlook suggests a positive impact from the new tariff policies on domestic steel producers."], ["20250618", "Nucor, a prominent steelmaker, is experiencing a surge in its stock after providing a bullish second-quarter profit outlook. This positive forecast comes just two weeks after President Donald Trump's updated 50% tariffs on imported steel and aluminum came into effect. The guidance exceeded expectations, indicating a beneficial impact of the tariffs on domestic steel producers like Nucor."], ["20250618", "The Palo Alto City Council has approved contracts totaling $12 million for the replacement of the Newell Road Bridge, a critical project to protect homes from flooding on San Francisquito Creek. The new bridge will be significantly wider, and construction is slated for the summer of 2026. While most funding is expected from Caltrans in the 2026-27 fiscal year, the city will proceed with the project and seek reimbursement later."], ["20250618", "Texas Instruments announced a $60 billion plan to bolster domestic semiconductor manufacturing across seven facilities in Utah and Texas, marking the largest effort by a single U.S. company. This investment aims to create a domestic supply chain for chips used in various electronics and is expected to generate 60,000 new U.S. jobs through partnerships with companies like Nvidia, Apple, Ford, and SpaceX. While the initiative is substantial for the semiconductor supply, industry analysts note that realizing gains from increased manufacturing will take time."], ["20250618", "Texas Instruments plans to invest over $60 billion in domestic chip manufacturing, building seven fabrication facilities across Texas and Utah. This initiative, supported by $1.6 billion in CHIPS Act funding, aims to produce foundational semiconductors for major tech and automotive companies like Apple, Ford, and Nvidia. The investment addresses rising compute demand driven by AI adoption and geopolitical considerations to boost U.S. chip production."], ["20250617", "A former U.S. consumer finance regulator, Rohit Chopra, suggests that Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) could have lost its U.S. operating license due to a money-laundering settlement last year, criticizing the \"sculpted\" nature of the agreement that avoided harsher penalties. Chopra, who was fired from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, warns that current U.S. regulators may be easing up on financial sector enforcement. He views the recent lifting of an asset cap on Wells Fargo as premature and expresses concern that TD's sanctions may lack sufficient force given the severity of its violations."], ["20250617", "Smith & Wesson, represented by Jones Day, achieved a unanimous victory at the U.S. Supreme Court against a suit brought by the government of Mexico. The Court ruled that U.S. firearm manufacturers are not legally responsible for the criminal misuse of their products by international drug cartels, citing the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act (PLCAA). This decision overturned a lower court ruling, reinforcing that manufacturers of legal firearms are not liable for independent criminal acts."], ["20250617", "During its investor day, Humana, the second-largest Medicare Advantage insurer, defended the program against calls for reform, advocating for current payment structures and clinical tools like risk adjustment and prior authorizations. Humana acknowledged areas for improvement in these tools and stated plans to plan for a \"worst-case scenario\" regarding legal challenges to star ratings, expecting to lose between $1 billion and $3 billion in 2026. Despite potential headwinds in MA, the company continues to pursue growth in Medicaid and its CenterWell health services division, emphasizing the critical role of MA in its business."], ["20250617", "Senate Republicans have proposed a bill that would phase out solar and wind tax credits completely by 2028, with residential solar tax credits potentially expiring as soon as 180 days after the bill's passage. This news has led to a dive in the stock prices of solar companies like Sunrun, First Solar, and Enphase, as the proposed legislation targets their industry."], ["20250617", "The article analyzes the Tax Court's decision in *AbbVie v. Commissioner*, which clarified the application of I.R.C. \u00a7 1234A to termination fees. The court ruled that AbbVie's $1.6 billion \"Break Fee\" paid to Shire was an ordinary deduction, not a capital loss, because the underlying \"Co-operation Agreement\" primarily involved service-oriented obligations rather than direct rights or obligations \"with respect to property\" as defined by the statute. This decision provides critical guidance for tax professionals on characterization of such payments in complex corporate transactions."], ["20250617", "The article discusses the early termination of several redlining consent orders by the Department of Justice (DOJ). While some terminations, like those for Evolve Bank and Trust, Ameris Bank, and Patriot Bank, were granted after compliance, others, such as with Lakeland Bank and Essa Bank, face opposition from housing equality groups. The article also notes that a motion by the CFPB to rescind a consent order with Townstone Financial was denied by the court."], ["20250617", "Churchill Downs Inc. has reached an agreement with Louisiana horsemen to continue racing at Fair Grounds Race Course & Slots in New Orleans, ensuring the upcoming racing season. The deal follows uncertainty caused by a Louisiana Supreme Court ruling against historical horse racing machines, which threatened Churchill Downs' revenue and its racing license. Local lawmakers and the New Orleans City Council also took steps to protect the racetrack property from redevelopment, designating it as a historic site and approving zoning to preserve its use."], ["20250617", "Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. and Plains GP Holdings announced definitive agreements to sell substantially all of their NGL business to Keyera Corp. for approximately $3.75 billion USD. The transaction is expected to close in Q1 2026, transforming Plains into a crude oil \"pure play\" and enhancing its free cash flow profile. Proceeds will be used for M&A, capital structure optimization, and opportunistic unit repurchases, with a potential special distribution to common unitholders to offset tax liabilities."], ["20250617", "Jim Cramer admitted he \"misjudged\" Lululemon Athletica Inc. (LULU) and its competition, even after previously expressing cautious optimism about the stock's rebound from tariff concerns. Despite a significant year-to-date drop, Cramer highlighted the company's strategic plan and a current forward price-to-earnings ratio offering a nearly 50% discount to its five-year average valuation, suggesting a buying opportunity. He noted that low expectations create a skewed risk-reward to the upside for the apparel retailer."], ["20250617", "The United States Tax Court ruled that AbbVie Inc.'s $1.6 billion \"break fee\" payment to Shire plc in 2014, following the termination of their proposed combination, is deductible as an ordinary expense rather than being classified as a capital loss. The court determined that the Co-operation Agreement between AbbVie and Shire was primarily a services agreement aimed at facilitating the combination, rather than conferring rights or obligations \"with respect to property\" as defined by Section 1234A(1) of the Internal Revenue Code. This decision means AbbVie can claim an ordinary deduction for the fee, rejecting the Commissioner's argument for capital loss treatment."], ["20250617", "Software company Globant is finding Argentina to be a favorable market despite a tough year, thanks to the deregulation of the local financial industry prompting increased investment in technology. While the company's US-traded shares have slumped 55% due to global client project delays, CEO Martin Migoya highlights Argentina's outperformance within Latin America. Globant is also banking on its new AI Pods project to contribute significantly to its future business, viewing the current industry challenges as temporary adjustments."], ["20250617", "SolarEdge Technologies Inc. (SEDG) stock plunged over 33% due to proposed cuts to clean energy tax credits by conservative lawmakers and a class-action lawsuit alleging misleading investors. Despite a grim financial overview with a significant net loss and thin gross margins, GLJ Research upgraded its price target while maintaining a \"sell\" rating. The article suggests investors examine the company's financial metrics and strategic repositioning in the face of legislative hurdles, urging caution and a focus on actual stock performance over impulsive decisions."], ["20250617", "Kratos Defense & Security Solutions is significantly expanding its Bristow, Oklahoma facility to meet the growing demand for jet engine production. The expansion will double the plant's size, eventually accommodating five engine production lines and three testing cells, and is expected to create dozens of high-quality aerospace jobs. This investment positions Oklahoma as a key hub for national defense capabilities and propulsion technology."], ["20250617", "Air Products has abandoned its \u00a32 billion plan to import green ammonia into the UK and crack it back into hydrogen at a terminal in Immingham. The industrial gases firm cited a lack of policy support as the reason for shelving the project, despite having received earlier planning permission. This decision highlights the challenges faced by large-scale green hydrogen initiatives in the UK."], ["20250617", "Howmet Aerospace Inc. is expanding its operations in Morristown, Tennessee, adding 217 new jobs. This marks the company's second expansion in less than a year in Hamblen County, demonstrating its commitment to the region. The announcement was made at the Paris Air Show by Tennessee state officials and Howmet Aerospace executives, highlighting the company's critical role in the aerospace and transportation industries."], ["20250617", "Enphase Energy (NASDAQ: ENPH) shares plummeted by 16% following a proposal to phase out solar energy tax credits by 2028, adding to existing challenges like high interest rates and reduced net metering incentives in California. The company's stock has already declined 62% over the past year, reflecting deeper operational issues despite modest revenue growth, and its current valuation appears misaligned with its financial performance, suggesting potential for further downside."], ["20250617", "Lockheed Martin and Boeing are strategically positioning themselves to secure significant contracts within the projected $175 billion Golden Dome missile defense system, a satellite-based network initiated by U.S. President Donald Trump. Both companies highlight their existing technologies and expertise as key advantages, while acknowledging the collaborative nature of the project and the potential involvement of other tech firms like SpaceX, Palantir, and Anduril. The project, though attracting strong industry interest, faces uncertainty regarding its funding, which is currently tied to a controversial reconciliation bill in Congress."], ["20250616", "This article summarizes the conclusions of the June 16, 2023 ECOFIN meeting under the Swedish Presidency, detailing progress on various direct tax measures such as the \"Unshell\" Directive and DAC8. It also covers the work of the Code of Conduct Group concerning preferential tax measures, the EU listing exercise, and defensive measures against non-cooperative jurisdictions. The piece anticipates future tax discussions under the upcoming Spanish Presidency, including potential proposals for a common withholding tax relief framework (FASTER) and a new common corporate tax system (BEFIT)."], ["20250616", "Arizona Public Service (APS), a for-profit utility, is requesting a 14% rate hike for residential customers, which would add an estimated $20 to monthly bills. This comes after two previous 8% rate increases in 2023 and 2024. APS also seeks to boost its return on equity to 10.70% from 9.55%, despite its parent company, Pinnacle West Capital Corp., seeing profits rise from $483 million in 2022 to $608.8 million in 2024."], ["20250616", "Palladyne AI Corp. has secured a contract extension from the US Air Force to continue its robotic surface blasting work for advanced aircraft components. The company will deploy its \"Palladyne IQ\" AI software, integrated with robotic arms, to enhance media blasting operations at the Warner Robins Base\u2019s Air Logistics Complex in Georgia. This initiative stems from an initial October 2024 Strategic Funding Increase program award, aiming to leverage emerging tools for maintaining air force asset readiness."], ["20250616", "The FDA has delayed its decision on KalVista Pharmaceuticals' drug for hereditary angioedema due to what the company states is a \"heavy workload and limited resources\" following DOGE-directed staff cuts. This marks a significant instance where such cuts appear to be directly impacting drug approval timelines. While concerns about staff and budget cuts affecting regulatory decisions have been previously raised by drug companies, an analyst suggests this delay could be an isolated incident rather than a trend."], ["20250616", "Analysts are bullish on Celsius Holdings (CELH) despite its recent 30% stock drop and market volatility, citing a favorable risk-to-reward ratio and strong fundamental growth. The strategic partnership with PepsiCo provides crucial logistical support while allowing Celsius to maintain independence, and recent institutional investment signals confidence. Expected EPS growth of 27.8% for Q3 2025 further underpins the optimistic outlook for the stock."], ["20250616", "SolarBank Corporation is advancing Nova Scotia's clean energy goals with a new 2.4 MW ground-mount solar project in Sydney. This project, a $4.57 million investment, will generate enough clean energy to power 221 homes annually and significantly reduce CO2 emissions. It is SolarBank's second community solar project in Nova Scotia, aligning with the province's target of 80% renewable energy by 2030 and providing substantial electricity savings to local residents."], ["20250616", "Critical Metals (CRML) saw a significant jump in its stock price after announcing a letter of interest from the Export-Import Bank of the United States. The LOI is for a potential funding package of up to $120 million, intended for the development of its Greenland rare earth project. This news has positively impacted the company's valuation."], ["20250615", "Critical Metals Corp. is set to receive a $120 million loan from the US Export-Import Bank to fund its Tanbreez rare earth project in southern Greenland. This project, one of the world's largest rare earth deposits, is vital for the US to counter China's dominance in the rare earths supply chain. The funding, representing nearly half of the project's estimated cost, aims for production to begin by 2026."], ["20250615", "Otis Worldwide Corp., also known as Otis Elevator Co., has agreed to pay the U.S. government $616,987 to settle claims under the False Claims Act. The Farmington-based company was accused of billing the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) for preventive maintenance services on elevators that were not rendered. The investigation focused on an August 2017 contract, emphasizing the obligation of contractors to bill only for performed services."], ["20250613", "PepsiCo plans to invest $30 million in agriculture and food security initiatives by 2030 through its Zero Hunger Pledge, having already delivered 8.8 million meals and provided 220,000 individuals with nutritious meals in 2024. The company's global social impact report highlights programs like the Schools Breakfast Nutrition Program in South Africa, the expanded She Feeds the World program with CARE, and the Agrovita initiative in Mexico supporting sustainable farming. Additionally, PepsiCo's Planting Pathways program aims to foster new agricultural professionals in the US, and its Quaker Oats Co. subsidiary has developed a sustainable, protein-rich rice product in Brazil."], ["20250613", "Oshkosh Defense has been awarded a three-year, $792.4 million contract modification by the U.S. Army for the continued production of the Family of Medium Tactical Vehicles (FMTV) A2 variants, including Low Velocity Air Drop (LVAD) tactical vehicles. This extension will run through February 4, 2029, building on a previous $476 million contract from 2018. The contract focuses on maintaining and enhancing the FMTV A2's performance in terms of payload, mobility, safety, and underbody protection for critical military operations."], ["20250613", "The EPA has voluntarily dismissed its appeal against eBay, letting stand a district court's decision that eBay is not liable for third-party product sales violating environmental acts. The district court had ruled that eBay was not a seller, its involvement did not establish causation, and Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act protected it. Meanwhile, the government continues a similar appeal against EZ Lynk in the Second Circuit."], ["20250613", "The widespread availability of free or low-cost AI tools enables government employees to bypass traditional safety checks, leading to uncontrolled \"shadow AI\" use. This poses significant risks such as data breaches, noncompliance, and ethical concerns, as employees use these tools for efficiency yet compromise sensitive data. The article recommends increased visibility, inventorying AI applications, adapting review processes, establishing clear policies, and training the workforce to mitigate these risks while fostering innovation."], ["20250612", "ZenaTech's subsidiary, ZenaDrone, plans to file a patent and hasten the deployment of Counter-UAS technology on its ZenaDrone 1000 platform, spurred by a new U.S. executive order. The company will expand its engineering and defense teams to fast-track R&D, testing, and deployment to address growing domestic and international demand for drone defense solutions. The enhanced ZenaDrone 1000 will feature real-time threat detection and neutralization, making it suitable for military, homeland security, and critical infrastructure protection."], ["20250612", "General Motors is shifting some production from Mexico to the U.S., including moving the internal combustion Chevrolet Blazer to its Spring Hill, Tennessee plant by 2027. This decision is influenced by factors such as tariffs, electric vehicle demand, and the need for factory flexibility. The move enables GM to better adapt to market changes and potential trade policies."], ["20250612", "Archer Aviation Inc. announced it has raised an additional $850 million following a White House Executive Order to accelerate the deployment of eVTOL aircraft in the U.S. This financing bolsters Archer's liquidity to approximately $2 billion, which the company states is the strongest balance sheet in the eVTOL sector. Archer plans to use the new capital for general corporate purposes, including building out its commercial capabilities and developing an AI-based aviation software platform."], ["20250612", "Encompass Health has opened a new $60 million inpatient rehabilitation hospital in Daytona Beach, its 169th location, to serve the growing aging population. The 50-bed facility, which will initially utilize 20 beds and expand to 50 within the first year, has created over 100 local jobs with plans for more as it grows. Local officials and Team Volusia Economic Development Corp. offered tax incentives to support its establishment, aiming to boost the area's healthcare infrastructure and economic development."], ["20250612", "Aemetis, Inc. CEO Eric McAfee engaged in discussions with high-level government officials regarding the federal tax bill's support for domestic energy and rural communities, specifically focusing on Section 45Z production tax credits for biofuels and biogas. He emphasized the \"One Big Beautiful Bill Act\" as a crucial opportunity. The meetings highlighted the importance of extending and modifying the 45Z tax credit to include domestic feedstocks and remove the indirect land use penalty, which is vital for Aemetis's expanding renewable natural gas and renewable fuels projects."], ["20250611", "General Motors plans a $4 billion investment to shift vehicle production from Mexico to three U.S. plants, including its Orion Assembly plant in suburban Detroit. This move, driven by increased demand for high-profit SUVs and U.S. trade policies, aims to bring the production of full-size SUVs, light-duty pickups, and the Blazer and Equinox models to American facilities. While GM emphasizes boosting American manufacturing and jobs, the Mexican economy minister stated that GM assured him operations in Mexico would continue normally."], ["20250611", "Southern California Edison's Family Electric Rate Assistance (FERA) program has expanded its eligibility guidelines to include households of one or two people, offering an 18% discount on monthly bills. This change, effective June 1, is expected to extend bill relief to over 357,000 SCE customers, with income eligibility for one or two-person households ranging from $42,301 to $52,875. The company emphasizes its commitment to energy equity and affordability, encouraging customers to explore this and other assistance options."], ["20250611", "Following an announcement by Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. regarding accelerated drug approvals for rare diseases, biotech penny stocks Sangamo Therapeutics (SGMO) and Editas Medicine (EDIT) have gained significant attention. Both companies specialize in gene-editing platforms and are expected to benefit from the new regulatory framework. While offering potentially high upside, these speculative investments also carry considerable risks and volatility."], ["20250611", "CIBC CEO Victor Dodig has proposed a decade-long tax plan to support housing affordability and economic recovery in Canada. The plan includes a tax exemption for Canadians under 30, raising the income tax exemption threshold to $75,000 if they save at least $15,000 in eligible accounts, and addressing economic \u201csuspended animation\u201d through attracting risk capital, removing trade barriers, and tax reform. Dodig also urged focusing on long-term productivity goals and addressing US trade irritants, while emphasizing incentivizing developers for housing supply."], ["20250611", "Churchill Downs Inc. is planning to close Fair Grounds Race Course in New Orleans due to significant revenue losses stemming from a state Supreme Court ruling that banned \"historical horse racing\" machines and recent legislative changes. CEO Bill Carstanjen stated the company can no longer cover the estimated $9 million annual cost of live racing operations without these revenues. This move could end live racing in New Orleans and severely impact Louisiana's equine industry."], ["20250611", "NYC Mayor Eric Adams endorsed Bally's casino bid, which involves converting part of President Trump's former Bronx golf course into a casino. His support was crucial in the City Council vote, reducing the required majority for the legislation to advance. If approved by the state Legislature, Bally's plans to build a significant casino and entertainment complex, contingent on securing a state casino license and paying the Trump Organization an additional $115 million."], ["20250611", "Oxford Industries Inc., the parent company of Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer, revised its full-year profit forecast downward due to the impact of U.S. tariffs. The CEO noted that consumer caution is broadly affecting sales. Shares of Oxford (OXM) fell significantly following the announcement."], ["20250611", "Ford's market share increased by nearly two points due to its employee pricing incentive strategy, which was implemented in response to President Donald Trump's import tariffs. The incentive program, initially launched on April 2, has been extended through July 6. The article also mentions related news regarding U.S. Supreme Court rulings on Trump's tariffs and their impact on vehicle prices."], ["20250611", "Edesa Biotech, a biopharmaceutical firm, secured a C$10 million revolving credit facility in October 2023, endorsed by its CEO, Dr. Par Nijhawan. This funding will support a pivotal Phase 3 clinical study for their therapeutic candidate, EB05 (paridiprubart), aimed at treating Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS). The credit facility complements a C$23 million commitment from the Government of Canada's Strategic Innovation Fund."], ["20250611", "Live Nation Entertainment announced plans to invest $1 billion in opening or breaking ground on 18 new music venues across the U.S. This initiative aims to expand its existing portfolio of over 150 venues, creating an estimated 37,000 U.S. jobs and an economic impact of $2.9 billion. The company emphasizes its mission to support artists, generate jobs, and revitalize communities."], ["20250610", "General Motors announced a $4 billion investment in three U.S. facilities to increase production of gas-powered SUVs and trucks, citing slowing electric vehicle demand. This move casts doubt on GM's 2035 commitment to end gas-powered vehicle production, but was welcomed by the White House, which has imposed tariffs to encourage domestic manufacturing. The investment will see Orion Assembly, Fairfax Assembly, and Spring Hill plants add gas-powered models, some of which are currently built in Mexico."], ["20250610", "Molina Healthcare is closing its office in Henrico, Virginia, and laying off 268 employees as it prepares to end its contract with the Virginia Department of Medical Assistance Services. The Fortune 500 company, which manages government-sponsored healthcare programs, will cease being a Medicaid provider in Virginia as of July 1. Medicaid members previously covered by Molina will be transferred to Humana Healthy Horizons or can opt for alternative coverage."], ["20250610", "Melco Resorts & Entertainment announced plans to reassign employees and relocate gaming assets from its Grand Dragon Casino and three Mocha Clubs, which are set to close by the end of 2025. This strategic decision comes in response to updated Macau gaming laws that require satellite casinos to transition from profit-sharing to fixed management fee models. Additionally, Melco International Development Ltd. announced key board appointments, including Geoffrey Stuart Davis as an executive director and Henry Ko Chun Fung as an independent non-executive director."], ["20250610", "Eligible Americans have a final 72 hours to claim up to $7,000 from a $1 million settlement with MarineMax. The settlement addresses claims that MarineMax failed to implement proper cybersecurity, leading to a data breach in 2024. Victims can claim identity theft losses or out-of-pocket costs, with payouts capped at $5,000 for identity theft and $2,000 for other expenses."], ["20250610", "Digital Realty has significantly reduced its investment plans in downtown Dallas, scaling back a $104 million data center expansion to a $13 million office renovation due to \"technical challenges.\" This change has led the city to propose eliminating tax abatements and modifying the Texas Enterprise Fund agreement, including stricter job creation requirements while keeping Digital Realty eligible for some state funding. The revised deal is expected to be reviewed by the City Council soon."], ["20250610", "The article discusses how Emerging Market (EM) bonds are extending gains as the U.S. dollar faces pressure due to higher U.S. inflation compared to many EMs and rising hedging costs making U.S. Treasuries less attractive for international investors. The VanEck Emerging Markets Bond Fund outperformed its benchmark in May 2025 and year-to-date, driven by strong performance in local currency bonds from South Africa and Zambia. The author maintains a bullish outlook on local currency EM bonds, a cautious stance on USD duration, and highlights increased exposure to countries like China, Indonesia, and South Korea due to favorable policy changes and disinflationary trends."], ["20250610", "An Upper East Side councilwoman, Julie Menin, is proposing two bills to reform New York City's emergency contracting system, which she deems \"broken.\" The action comes in response to controversial no-bid contracts, such as the $432 million DocGo deal during the migrant crisis and billions spent during the COVID-19 pandemic under previous administrations, which allegedly led to significant taxpayer waste and malfeasance. The proposed legislation aims to cap the mayor's emergency contracting powers at 30 days, mandate quicker audits, and require public disclosure of subcontractors to enhance transparency and fiscal responsibility."], ["20250610", "Israeli defense companies Elbit Systems, Rafael, and Israel Aerospace Industries reportedly sold millions in weapons, ammunition, and cyber technology to Qatar with state approval, including Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's sign-off. These deals, some worth over $100 million for Elbit, involved extensive discussions and visits, but most were interrupted or thwarted by the October 7 events. The companies stated they operate according to Israeli Defense Ministry guidelines and international standards regarding export controls."], ["20250610", "Churchill Downs Inc. (CDI) is moving to relinquish its licenses for Fair Grounds Race & Slots in New Orleans due to significant financial losses from a state Supreme Court ruling against historical horse racing revenue and new adverse legislation. CEO Bill Carstanjen stated that despite attempts to engage with Louisiana officials for a compromise, the company was \"left with no choice\" as these legislative actions severely impacted profitability. This decision could lead to the closure of one of the nation's oldest racetracks, causing a damaging blow to Louisiana's equine industry and the New Orleans economy."], ["20250610", "Ron Thiessen, CEO of Northern Dynasty Minerals, is optimistic that former President Trump's stance on critical mineral production could lead to the removal of the EPA's 2023 veto against the Pebble polymetallic project in Alaska. Thiessen anticipates a potential mine opening by 2032 if legal challenges are successful and the Army Corps of Engineers revisits its decision. However, some analysts and environmental groups remain skeptical, citing the project's long timeline, high costs, and significant environmental opposition, particularly concerning its impact on Bristol Bay's sockeye salmon fisheries."], ["20250609", "NorthWestern Energy is seeking a rate increase in Montana, arguing that investments in infrastructure and power procurement justify the higher costs. The Montana Public Service Commission is holding hearings on the proposal, which would raise typical residential electric bills by $4.63 a month and natural gas bills by $4.74 a month. Key disagreements revolve around cost recovery for the Yellowstone County Generating Station and funds for open market power purchases."], ["20250609", "Lumen Technologies announced it is relinquishing control of over 41,000 Rural Digital Opportunity Fund (RDOF) locations across eight states and 153 census block groups. This default brings the total surrendered locations to over half of all RDOF locations awarded to Lumen, with the company offering no specific reason for the latest relinquishment. Lumen had previously defaulted on over 3,500 locations in August 2024, citing rising deployment costs and inaccurate location counts."], ["20250609", "The GEO Group announced that U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) has activated its 1,868-bed D. Ray James Facility in Folkston, Georgia, as a federal immigration processing center. This contract modification, effective June 6, 2025, is expected to generate approximately $66 million in incremental annualized revenues for GEO. The facility will provide comprehensive support services, including security, maintenance, food services, recreational amenities, medical care, and legal counsel for ICE."], ["20250609", "Aecom Hunt and Turner Construction have formed a joint venture, Trinity Alliance, to begin the multi-billion-dollar overhaul of downtown Dallas, starting with the Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center Master Plan. This project, which includes a new walkable, mixed-use district with housing, hotels, retail, and dining, is funded by hotel occupancy taxes approved by voters in 2022. Demolition and enabling works are set to begin next month, with the aim of completing the new convention center by 2029 to accommodate 64 already-booked conventions."], ["20250609", "M\u00e1ximo Vedoya, CEO de Ternium, emphasized that Mexico is not the source of the global steel problem, but rather a victim of China's subsidized steel. He stressed that Mexico should be seen as part of the solution by its main trading partners, including the United States. Ternium continues with a $4 billion investment in its Pesquer\u00eda Industrial Center, while also expanding educational programs, despite the challenges posed by increased steel tariffs which have already curtailed exports."], ["20250609", "Addus HomeCare anticipates a $35 million increase in annual revenue following reimbursement rate hikes in Illinois and Texas. Illinois approved a 3.9% increase, adding $17.5 million, while Texas implemented a 9.9% increase, expected to generate $17.7 million. These changes, taking effect in 2026, will support higher minimum wages for in-home care workers and enhance Addus's ability to provide quality care, especially in its largest markets."], ["20250609", "Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang praised the U.K.'s artificial intelligence sector, calling it a \"Goldilocks circumstance\" for investment. He committed to boosting Nvidia's investment in the country's AI infrastructure, highlighting the U.K.'s rich AI community and promising startups. This commitment aligns with Prime Minister Keir Starmer's focus on a growth-oriented agenda and plans to significantly increase British computing power."], ["20250609", "The article highlights three nuclear ETFs\u2014Sprott Uranium Miners ETF (URNM), Global X Uranium ETF (URA), and Range Nuclear Renaissance Index ETF (NUKZ)\u2014that are gaining traction due to recent U.S. policy shifts signaling a boost in domestic nuclear energy. These ETFs offer diversified exposure to the nuclear industry, from uranium mining to advanced reactor technologies, benefiting from new executive orders aimed at facilitating nuclear plant construction and uranium mining. Each ETF has distinct characteristics in terms of holdings, performance, and expense ratios, providing various options for investors seeking to capitalize on the nuclear energy surge."], ["20250609", "American Paper Corp. has filed a federal lawsuit against Clearwater Paper Corp., alleging the Idaho-based manufacturer unlawfully terminated a long-standing sales agreement and violated Puerto Rico's Act 21. American Paper, which handled exclusive sales representation for SBS paperboard since 2011, claims the termination was without just cause and seeks over $600,000 in damages. Clearwater cited a company policy against third-party sales agents, but American Paper asserts it was fulfilling all obligations and received no advance notice."], ["20250609", "America First Legal (AFL) has filed a federal civil rights complaint against Johnson & Johnson (J&J) with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Office of Civil Rights. AFL alleges that J&J systematically violates federal discrimination laws through its unlawful diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) policies in hiring, promotions, employee training, and clinical trials. The complaint highlights J&J's purported use of race and sex-based hiring practices for vendors, numerical goals for DEI, and the embedding of DEI policies in clinical trials, despite receiving federal taxpayer dollars."], ["20250608", "Columbia Sportswear CEO Tim Boyle voiced concerns about the Trump administration's tariffs, highlighting the \"lack of clarity\" regarding the final costs his company will face. Boyle noted that Columbia Sportswear is already a significant tariff payer due to the nature of footwear and apparel products. He explained that this uncertainty makes it difficult to predict product costs."], ["20250606", "STMicroelectronics plans to reduce its workforce by 5,000 employees over the next three years, including 2,800 announced job cuts and 2,000 voluntary departures due to attrition. CEO Jean-Marc Chery stated that discussions on cost-cutting measures are ongoing, with some difficulties in Italy where the government has accused him of insider trading. Despite the cuts, Chery sees signs of an upcycle in the chip market, which he expects to boost results."], ["20250606", "Manchester United's latest financial results show a significant drop in cash reserves to \u00a373.2 million, despite an injection of $300 million from Sir Jim Ratcliffe. This decrease of \u00a322.5 million in three months comes ahead of a crucial summer transfer window, where the club plans to make new signings. The club's financial position is complicated by its \u00a3713.2 million debt, but it maintains compliance with Premier League and UEFA financial regulations."], ["20250606", "Believ, an EV charge point operator, has secured \u00a3300 million in funding from joint owners Liberty Global and Zouk Capital, along with four banks. This investment will enable the installation of at least 30,000 public EV charge points across the UK, significantly boosting the country's EV charging infrastructure. The initiative aims to support the government's target of 300,000 public charge points by 2030, improve air quality, and cut transport carbon emissions."], ["20250606", "IperionX (ASX:IPX) has been awarded a US$99 million Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) phase three contract by the US Department of Defense (DoD). This contract validates IperionX's titanium production and advanced forging technologies and aims to bolster an all-American titanium supply chain. The initial focus will be on titanium fasteners, with potential expansion to higher-value aerospace components, as the DoD seeks to utilize titanium's strength, lightweight properties, and corrosion resistance for military applications."], ["20250606", "The US Department of Energy has rescinded a US$375 million grant to Eastman for a planned molecular recycling facility in Texas. This withdrawal casts doubt on Eastman's efforts to expand sustainable plastics recycling in North America, particularly for hard-to-recycle plastic waste from beauty and personal care packaging. The funding cut is a setback for the beauty and personal care industry's push for circularity and sustainable packaging solutions."], ["20250606", "Industry Minister M\u00e9lanie Joly announced that Canada will take action against the dumping of cheap foreign steel to protect domestic jobs and markets, especially in light of U.S. tariffs. While major Canadian steel producers advocate for these anti-dumping measures, some distributors oppose them, arguing that such tariffs could increase costs for Canadian businesses and consumers, and do not address underlying issues like high freight charges. The government is also considering short-term funding through the Large Employer Emergency Financing Facility to support steel companies."], ["20250606", "Ternium's CEO, M\u00e1ximo Vedoya, warned that the 50% tariff imposed by the U.S. on Mexican steel and aluminum exports could halt trade, emphasizing that 84% of Mexico's steel and aluminum exports go to the U.S. He trusts the Mexican government to negotiate the removal of these \"senseless\" tariffs, which he attributes to unfair competition from China's subsidized overproduction. Both Vedoya and President Claudia Sheinbaum expressed hope for a resolution, highlighting the significant uncertainty for the industry due to these external factors."], ["20250606", "Taseko Mines, the T\u015dilhqot\u2019in Nation, and the Province of British Columbia have reached an agreement resolving a decades-long dispute over the New Prosperity copper-gold project. The deal involves the province paying Taseko $75 million, Taseko transferring a 22.5% equity interest in the mineral tenures to a trust for the T\u015dilhqot\u2019in Nation, and a consent agreement ensuring no mineral activity can proceed without the Nation's approval. This marks a significant step in reconciliation, balancing commercial interests with cultural and environmental concerns."], ["20250606", "Kimberly-Clark and Suzano are forming a $3.4 billion global consumer and professional tissue joint venture, with Suzano acquiring 51% for $1.7 billion. This move is part of Kimberly-Clark's long-term growth strategy to improve productivity, accelerate brand growth, and reduce exposure to volatile input costs due to tariffs. The joint venture will include 22 manufacturing facilities and 9,000 employees globally, and Suzano will license Kimberly-Clark's major brands for use."], ["20250606", "Lululemon reported 7% sales growth in Q1 2025, but its operating margin declined due to increased costs and tariffs, leading to a lowered full-year earnings outlook. Despite these challenges, Morningstar maintains a positive long-term view, citing the brand's strength, direct-to-consumer model, and pricing power, making its shares attractive even after a projected slight reduction in fair value estimate. The company plans mitigation measures against tariffs, and growth is expected through product innovation, guest experience improvements, and international expansion."], ["20250605", "UBS has agreed to pay $511 million to settle a US tax investigation into Credit Suisse, which it acquired in 2023. The two-year probe found that Credit Suisse helped wealthy Americans hide over $4 billion through offshore accounts. UBS stated it was not involved in the original misconduct and maintains a zero-tolerance policy for tax evasion, with Credit Suisse Services AG pleading guilty and Credit Suisse AG Singapore entering a non-prosecution agreement for similar offenses."], ["20250605", "A mining company plans to transport antimony ore from Alaska to Montana for processing as early as September, capitalizing on the soaring price of antimony due to Chinese export restrictions and increased demand from global conflicts. This development, alongside another Australian company's efforts to reopen an antimony mine near Fairbanks, highlights the growing interest in Alaska's mineral resources. The author argues that Alaska's mining tax laws, established before statehood, need updating to ensure Alaskans benefit from these nonrenewable resources rather than primarily enriching foreign investors."], ["20250605", "The Toro Company (TTC) has reduced its full-year profit and net sales forecasts, citing \"anticipated tariff impacts\" and a \"reduction in volume from macro factors.\" The lawnmower and snowblower maker now projects lower adjusted earnings per share and flat to down 3% net sales for fiscal 2025. Toro's shares dropped following the announcement, although they remain up for the year."], ["20250605", "Taseko Mines Limited, the Tsilhqot\u2019in Nation, and the Province of British Columbia signed a historic tripartite agreement to resolve a long-standing dispute over the New Prosperity mineral tenures in the Teztan Biny area. This agreement ensures that any future mineral exploration or mine development in the area will require the free, prior, and informed consent of the Tsilhqot\u2019in Nation. Leaders from all parties expressed satisfaction, highlighting the resolution's importance for reconciliation and the protection of the Nation's cultural and spiritual heritage."], ["20250605", "The T\u015dilhqot'in National Government has reached an agreement with the British Columbia government and Taseko Mines Ltd. to resolve a long-standing dispute over the proposed New Prosperity mine project. This agreement ensures that no mining activity can occur in the area without the free, prior, and informed consent of the T\u015dilhqot'in Nation. The province will also make a one-time payment of $75 million to Taseko Mines, and all related litigation has been terminated."], ["20250605", "Shoe Carnival is rapidly expanding its Shoe Station banner, which is projected to comprise over 80% of its store fleet by March 2027 due to its outstanding performance. CEO Mark Worden emphasized Shoe Station as the future of the company's organic growth and expects it to drive comparable store growth and market expansion, offsetting challenges faced by the Shoe Carnival brand. The company also announced the appointment of Kerry Jackson as Senior Vice President of New Business Development to oversee M&A activities."], ["20250605", "Procter & Gamble has announced plans to cut up to 7,000 non-manufacturing jobs globally over the next two years, representing about 15% of this workforce. The decision is attributed to tariff challenges and slower-than-expected growth, alongside changes to its supply chain and product portfolio, including potentially eliminating some brands. These organizational changes, set to begin in fiscal year 2026, aim to accelerate growth, enhance efficiency through digitization and automation, and create a more agile and accountable structure."], ["20250605", "LG Display is restructuring its finances and advancing its OLED business by repaying a 1 trillion won loan to LG Electronics early and investing 700 billion won in new OLED technology facilities at its Paju factory. This move follows the sale of its Guangzhou LCD factory and aims to improve financial structure and boost small and medium-sized OLED panel production. The company expects significant improvements in its annual interest expense and will continue investing in large OLED technology."], ["20250605", "US-based vape company Ispire Tech, with a factory in Johor, Malaysia, stated in its quarterly report that it can manufacture a wide range of cannabis hardware in Malaysia for import into the US, benefiting from lower tariffs compared to China. The company emphasized that it does not \"touch the cannabis plant\" in its operations. Despite Malaysia's strict drug laws, Ispire produces \"mainly cannabis-related products\" at its Senai facility, in addition to nicotine vape products for which it recently received an interim manufacturing license from Malaysian authorities."], ["20250605", "IperionX (ASX: IPX) has secured a five-year, US$99 million Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Phase III contract from the US Department of Defense to supply low-cost titanium components. This contract validates IperionX's technologies and aims to reshore an all-American titanium supply chain. The company plans to begin titanium manufacturing in Virginia, utilizing patented methods for producing high-performance, cost-effective, and environmentally friendly titanium alloys."], ["20250605", "IperionX (NASDAQ: IPX) has secured a significant SBIR Phase III contract worth up to US$99 million from the U.S. Department of Defense for domestic titanium production. This Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract aims to achieve \"Low-Cost Domestic Titanium for Defense Applications\" and will initially focus on manufacturing high-performance titanium fasteners at IperionX's Virginia facility. The agreement strengthens the U.S. defense industrial base by enhancing critical-material manufacturing capabilities and reducing reliance on international supply chains."], ["20250605", "Taseko Mines, the T\u015dilhqot\u2019in Nation, and the Province of British Columbia have signed a historic agreement resolving a long-standing conflict over the New Prosperity copper-gold project. The accord ensures Taseko retains a majority interest in the mineral tenures while providing the T\u015dilhqot\u2019in Nation with a 22.5% equity interest and ensuring their free, prior, and informed consent is required for any future development. This agreement, which includes a $75 million payment from the B.C. government to Taseko, aims to foster reconciliation, provide clarity for resource development, and secure economic benefits while respecting Indigenous rights."], ["20250605", "Lululemon Athletica Inc. shares fell after the company lowered its full-year profit forecast due to ongoing U.S. tariffs on imports. CEO Calvin McDonald noted that the \"current tariff paradigm has brought uncertainty into the retail environment as consumers try to assess the impact they will have on daily life.\" This indicates that efforts to boost sales are not effectively countering the negative impact of tariffs on consumer behavior and company profits."], ["20250605", "Lululemon's stock plunged after the company cut its full-year profit outlook, attributing the decline to U.S. tariffs impacting consumer behavior. CEO Calvin McDonald noted that tariffs are creating uncertainty in the retail environment as shoppers assess their financial implications. Despite strong new product performance, sales boosting efforts are reportedly not achieving their desired effect."], ["20250605", "Lululemon's stock plunged after the company cut its full-year profit outlook due to the impact of U.S. tariffs on imports, which are unsettling consumers. CEO Calvin McDonald noted that shoppers are trying to understand how tariffs will affect their daily lives, impacting retail. Despite executives highlighting new product strength, sales boosting efforts are not sufficient to overcome the tariff-related challenges."], ["20250605", "Procter & Gamble plans to cut 7,000 jobs, or 15% of its non-manufacturing workforce, as part of a two-year restructuring program. This decision is influenced by slowing U.S. growth and increased costs from tariffs, which are projected to create a $600 million headwind in fiscal 2026. The company also expects to reevaluate its portfolio, restructure its supply chain, and incur up to $1.6 billion in noncore costs."], ["20250605", "Consumers Energy, one of Michigan's largest utility companies, is seeking a significant electric rate hike of 10.25%, or $436 million, citing the need for increased grid reliability, risk mitigation, and technology investments. This request comes less than three months after a previously approved rate hike, prompting Michigan Attorney General Dana Nessel to intervene, expressing concern over continuously increasing rates and promising a thorough scrutiny of the request to protect ratepayers. Nessel stated this could be Consumers Energy's largest rate hike request ever."], ["20250605", "IperionX has secured a U.S. Department of Defense SBIR Phase III contract, valued at up to US$99 million, for \"Low-Cost Domestic Titanium for Defense Applications.\" This indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contract will enable IperionX to supply titanium components to U.S. DoD agencies, focusing initially on high-performance titanium fasteners manufactured at its Virginia facility. The contract supports the reshoring of American titanium supply chains and the development of cost-effective, domestic titanium for critical defense applications."], ["20250605", "New 50% tariffs on imported steel and aluminum are set to significantly benefit U.S. domestic producers like Cleveland-Cliffs, Nucor, and Steel Dynamics. According to senior economist Tracy Shuchart, these tariffs will allow companies like Cleveland-Cliffs to raise prices and Nucor to expand its margins, while Steel Dynamics' diversification into aluminum looks prescient. While the tariffs are a short-term policy, they present substantial opportunities for these steel giants to outmuscle competitors."], ["20250605", "Procter & Gamble announced it would cut 7,000 jobs globally over the next two years, representing 6% of its workforce, and shed some brands. This reorganization is in response to uncertainty caused by tariffs, geopolitical tensions, and falling consumer demand. The company previously lowered its sales and profit guidance for 2025, with other companies also experiencing similar challenges."], ["20250604", "Yum! Brands Inc. and its subsidiaries are challenging a $2.093 billion federal income tax deficiency asserted by the IRS for the 2014 tax year, along with smaller deficiencies for 2013 and 2015, and a $418 million accuracy-related penalty for 2014. The dispute primarily concerns the IRS's interpretation and application of Section 367(b) regulations, specifically regarding deemed distributions stemming from a 2014 internal corporate reorganization of its KFC and Pizza Hut brands. Yum argues that the IRS's adjustments are erroneous, based on invalid or retroactively applied regulations, and that it had substantial authority and reasonable cause for its tax positions."], ["20250604", "Kosmos Energy Ltd. and its partners have signed an MOU with the Government of Ghana to extend their West Cape Three Points and Deep Water Tano licenses, covering the Jubilee and TEN oil fields, through 2040. This agreement, which includes drilling up to 20 new wells and a potential investment of up to $2 billion, is expected to significantly boost gross 2P reserves. The move aims to ensure continued oil production, support economic growth, and create job opportunities for Ghanaians."], ["20250604", "The Government of Ghana, along with Tullow Oil, Kosmos Energy, PetroSA, GNPC, and Explorco, have signed an MOU to extend Ghana's West Cape Three Points and Deep Water Tano licenses until 2040. This extension, covering the Jubilee and TEN fields, is expected to bring up to $2 billion in investment for Ghana over the life of the licenses, including drilling up to 20 additional wells and increasing gas supply. The agreement aims to boost economic growth, create jobs, and ensure continued oil and gas production while focusing on sustainable energy practices."], ["20250604", "U.S. stock futures held steady despite increased tariffs on steel and aluminum, with the S&P 500 achieving back-to-back gains. This resilience is supported by a strong JOLTS report, a tech-driven rally led by NVIDIA reclaiming its position as the world's most valuable company, and investor anticipation of upcoming employment data. While individual stocks showed mixed results, the overall market displayed cautious optimism amid trade uncertainties."], ["20250604", "GlobalFoundries is investing an additional $3 billion to expand its semiconductor manufacturing and advanced packaging capabilities in Malta, New York, and Essex Junction, Vermont, bringing its total commitment to $16 billion. This expansion, driven by diversifying supply chains due to potential tariffs and increasing AI demand, focuses on packaging innovation, silicon photonics, and gallium nitride technologies. The company is collaborating with major firms like Apple and General Motors to reshore production in the U.S."], ["20250604", "GlobalFoundries announced an additional $3 billion investment in its U.S. chip manufacturing and packaging network, building on prior investments and supported by $1.5 billion in CHIPS Act funding. This new investment will upgrade facilities in New York and Vermont, focusing on gallium nitride (GaN) technology, silicon photonics, and packaging. The expansion aims to strengthen the domestic semiconductor supply chain by enhancing production capabilities for specialized chips used in various advanced applications."], ["20250604", "Apartment developers are preparing for potential tariffs by dusting off strategies from the first Trump administration, such as ordering materials early and diversifying supply chains away from Asia. While some anticipate only a 2-3% increase in construction costs due to past experiences with tariffs and supply chain issues, uncertainty remains regarding the universal 10% tariff and legal challenges. Developers are focusing on direct vendor relationships, bulk purchasing, sourcing from alternative countries, and negotiating with contractors to mitigate cost increases and potential shortages for building materials."], ["20250604", "Evergy has requested an 8.62% rate increase for its Kansas Central customers, including those in Wichita, Manhattan, and Topeka, which would add about $13 to residential bills monthly. The proposal, totaling $196.4 million, is currently under review by the Kansas Corporation Commission (KCC). Public hearings are scheduled for June 11 in Wichita and June 16 in Topeka, allowing customers to comment on the proposed hike."], ["20250604", "The Office of Clean Energy Demonstrations has canceled 24 funding awards, including a nearly $57.3 million award to O-I Glass for rebuilding a furnace at its Zanesville, Ohio plant. The DOE made this decision as part of an effort to evaluate financial assistance on a case-by-case basis. O-I Glass had planned to use the funding to implement energy-efficient technologies to reduce carbon intensity at the Zanesville facility."], ["20250604", "Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP advised the agents in an SEC-registered offering by National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation (CFC) of $525 million aggregate principal amount of its Floating Rate Medium-Term Notes, Series D due 2026. CFC is a member-owned, nonprofit finance cooperative association that provides financing and credit enhancements to rural electric members. The Hunton team involved in this offering included Michael F. Fitzpatrick, Adam R. O'Brian, Patrick C. Jamieson, Reuben H. Pearlman, Monika M. Dziewa, and Gabrielle Kraushaar."], ["20250604", "Central Securities Corporation (NYSE American: CET) declared a $0.25 per share dividend, with approximately 84% ($0.21) expected to be taxable as long-term capital gain and the remainder ($0.04) as ordinary income. The dividend has an ex- and record date of June 17, 2025, and will be paid on June 27, 2025. The final tax breakdown for 2025 will be available after year-end."], ["20250603", "The Australian Labor government has approved a 40-year extension for the North West Shelf (NWS) gas project, operated by Woodside Energy Group Ltd., until 2070. This decision, made shortly after the government's re-election, contradicts its stated commitment to net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 and has drawn criticism from environmental groups. The extension significantly increases Australia's projected greenhouse gas emissions and raises concerns about the impact on ancient Indigenous rock art in the Burrup Peninsula."], ["20250603", "Dr Reddy\u2019s Laboratories shares declined after the Income Tax Department issued a demand of over Rs 2,395 crore for the assessment year 2020-21. This demand relates to the merger of Dr Reddy\u2019s Holdings into Dr Reddy\u2019s Laboratories. The company maintains that the amalgamation followed all legal and tax requirements and does not anticipate a material impact on its financials."], ["20250603", "Medical technology firm Hologic has reportedly rejected a $16 billion nonbinding buyout offer from private equity groups TPG and Blackstone. The proposal valued Hologic between $16.3 billion and $16.7 billion including debt, or $70 to $72 per share, causing its stock to surge over 15% despite an earlier decline due to revised profit forecasts. Although the initial offer was declined, sources suggest further discussions may occur."], ["20250603", "Dollar General reported strong first-quarter results for fiscal year 2025, exceeding analyst expectations for both earnings per share and net sales. The company opened 156 new stores and remodeled over 1,200, while also raising its full-year guidance despite ongoing tariff uncertainties. Dollar General plans to open 575 new U.S. stores and mitigate tariff impacts through various strategies, including negotiating with vendors and shifting manufacturing."], ["20250603", "Jay-Z recently intensified his efforts to open the first Black-owned casino in Times Square, potentially making him only the second Black casino owner in U.S. history and the first African-American to own a casino in Times Square. Roc Nation, in partnership with SL Green Realty Corp. and Caesars Entertainment, is bidding for one of New York's three gaming licenses to establish a Caesars Palace casino. The organization emphasized a commitment to New Yorkers' well-being and pledged millions in grants if awarded the license."], ["20250603", "The Canadian steel industry and billionaire tycoon Barry Zekelman are urging the Canadian government to crack down on foreign steel dumping in Canada. This call for action comes after U.S. President Donald Trump doubled tariffs on steel and aluminum imports to 50%, a move that is severely impacting Canadian steelmakers like Algoma Steel. Zekelman, while Canadian, supported Trump's tariff hikes, arguing that Canada's failure to address dumping forces domestic producers into aggressive competition in the U.S., inflaming trade tensions."], ["20250603", "Alaska Air Group is delaying the delivery of two Embraer E175s for its regional subsidiary, Horizon Air, due to new tariffs imposed on imports from Brazil, Embraer's home country. This delay has led to Horizon Air canceling 14 flights daily through the end of July, primarily on high-frequency routes to minimize customer disruption. The airline expresses regret for the impact on guests and hopes for a quick resolution to the tariff situation."], ["20250603", "Online sports betting stocks, including DraftKings and Flutter Entertainment, saw significant declines after Illinois lawmakers approved a budget that includes a tax hike on wagers. This move heightened investor concerns that other states might implement similar tax increases. The new Illinois tax structure imposes a rising levy starting at 25 cents per wager for the first 20 million online sports bets per fiscal year."], ["20250603", "Martin Midstream Partners L.P. (MMLP) announced the availability of its 2024 Schedule K-3 forms online, which reflect items of international tax relevance. These forms are primarily for foreign unitholders, those computing a foreign tax credit, and certain corporate/partnership unitholders. Unitholders are advised to review the information and consult with a tax advisor if applicable to their federal income tax return filing needs."], ["20250603", "The US Supreme Court will hear a case involving GEO Group, a private company accused of forced labor at an immigration detention center. The lawsuit, filed in 2014, alleges GEO violated anti-trafficking laws by threatening detained migrants with solitary confinement if they refused to work. Instead of addressing the merits, the Supreme Court will determine if GEO Group should be granted governmental immunity, potentially setting a dangerous precedent for federal contractors."], ["20250603", "NextEra Energy Resources has commissioned its first 100MW utility-scale Amite Solar facility in Tangipahoa Parish, Louisiana. Developed in partnership with DEMCO, the project aims to provide stable, low-cost energy for 25 years and is expected to generate approximately $16 million in additional tax revenue for the parish over its lifetime. NextEra Energy Resources is also developing two other solar projects in Louisiana: the 150MW St. Landry Solar project and the 200MW Singer Solar facility."], ["20250602", "Xcel Energy plans to return $25 million to its North Dakota and South Dakota customers through federal tax credits related to nuclear energy generation. South Dakota customers are already receiving benefits, while North Dakota customers are expected to see savings beginning in August if approved. This initiative leverages nuclear power's carbon-free, 24/7 availability to reduce customer bills and support energy security."], ["20250602", "Uranium Energy Corp (UEC) has reported significant operational progress in Q3 FY2025, commissioning a new mine-unit at Christensen Ranch and advancing construction at Burke Hollow. The company maintains a strong financial position with $271 million in cash, inventory, and equities, poised to benefit from new Trump Administration Executive Orders aimed at quadrupling U.S. nuclear capacity and reducing foreign fuel dependence. UEC is also developing its Sweetwater hub-and-spoke model and initiating pre-feasibility for the Roughrider Project, reinforcing its role as a leading domestic uranium supplier."], ["20250602", "Mineral and Petroleum Resources Minister Gwede Mantashe emphasized the critical role of foreign direct investment in driving the growth of South Africa's mining and energy sectors. Visiting Orion Minerals\u2019 copper project, Mantashe noted such foreign investment is vital for unlocking the nation's mineral wealth, despite ongoing challenges facing the mining sector, including declining production and a lowered economic growth forecast from the IMF."], ["20250602", "The City of Dreams Sri Lanka casino, managed by Melco Resorts & Entertainment Ltd, is slated to open in August 2025 in Colombo. This project, which includes a 113-key Nuwa hotel and a large gaming area, is a significant foreign investment by Melco Resorts. The casino is expected to boost occupancy for the Cinnamon Life hotel, which is also part of the integrated resort."], ["20250602", "First Solar's stock has declined significantly over the past year due to weakened government support for renewable energy under the Trump administration. Despite this, some market analysts believe the selloff has been excessive. The article highlights a split on Wall Street regarding the future of renewable energy companies."], ["20250602", "Century Aluminum has expressed strong support for President Trump's tariffs on foreign primary aluminum imports, stating that the increased tariffs will safeguard critical metal supplies and encourage U.S. job creation. The company's CEO, Jesse Gary, highlighted Trump's consistent support for domestic aluminum production and announced plans to build the first new U.S. aluminum smelter in 50 years, which would double domestic production. Century Aluminum views the current political environment and administration's dedication to reshoring manufacturing as highly conducive to its long-term investment projects."], ["20250602", "Shares of online sports betting platforms, including DraftKings and Flutter Entertainment, dropped after Illinois lawmakers approved a budget that included a surprise tax increase on wagers. This move has raised investor concerns that other states might follow suit to address their budget deficits, leading to a broader pullback in the sports betting sector. The new tax structure in Illinois will impose a significant levy on sports bets, especially affecting larger operators."], ["20250602", "Attorney General Dana Nessel has filed a \"notice of intervention\" against Consumers Energy\u2019s request for a $436 million annual electric rate hike, calling it potentially the largest in decades. Nessel's office aims to scrutinize the request to establish just and reasonable rates and protect Michigan ratepayers from increasing utility costs. Consumers Energy maintains their request is part of a \"Reliability Roadmap\" to improve service and mitigate outages."], ["20250602", "Shares of major sports betting companies in Illinois, including DraftKings and Flutter Entertainment, have declined following the passage of a new state budget introducing additional taxes on the industry. The new tax structure imposes a levy of 25 to 50 cents per bet, which analysts project would have significantly impacted companies like DraftKings, leading them to potentially scale back promotional activities. This adds to a progressive tax system implemented last year, drawing criticism from the Sports Betting Alliance who deemed the new tax \"crippling.\""], ["20250602", "Eastman has lost a $375 million Department of Energy grant for its $1.2 billion plastics recycling facility in Longview, Texas, following a review by the Trump administration that cut over $3.7 billion in project funding. Despite this, Eastman states the project could still proceed, emphasizing its role in a circular economy, job creation, and alignment with national goals. The facility is designed to recycle 110,000 metric tons of hard-to-recycle plastic annually, creating virgin-quality materials."], ["20250602", "President Trump's announcement to double tariffs on steel and aluminum to 50% caused major U.S. steel companies like Cleveland-Cliffs, Nucor Corp., and Steel Dynamics to see significant jumps in their stock prices. However, this move has raised concerns among experts about potential price hikes for consumers on big-ticket items and groceries, and has led to negative reactions from automakers and the European Union. The decision also sparked volatility in broader markets due to ongoing legal battles and uncertainty surrounding the administration's tariff policies."], ["20250602", "Shares of online sports betting platforms, including DraftKings and Flutter Entertainment, dropped after Illinois lawmakers approved a state budget that includes a surprise tax increase on wagers. This marks the second consecutive year Illinois has raised taxes on the industry, with the new rates expected to be among the highest in the country. The move has led to investor concern that other states might follow suit to address their budget deficits."], ["20250602", "The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) is reportedly dropping an accusation against Asbury Automotive Group, a move that follows a Trump administration executive order. This order called on agencies to avoid disparate impact liability cases. The article indicates a direct link between the executive order and the FTC's decision regarding Asbury."], ["20250602", "This article details the biggest premarket stock movers, including steel companies like Cleveland-Cliffs and Nucor surging due to increased tariffs, and BioNTech and Blueprint Medicines jumping on significant deals. Moderna's stock rose following FDA approval for its updated Covid vaccine, while Tesla and other auto stocks saw declines. Flutter and DraftKings were also down after Illinois approved a tax hike on the sports betting industry."], ["20250602", "NextEra Energy Resources has launched its first utility-scale energy facility in Louisiana, the 100-megawatt Amite Solar Energy Center, in partnership with DEMCO. The project, operational since March 2025, guarantees fixed-price energy for 25 years and is projected to generate $16 million in tax revenue for Tangipahoa Parish over three decades. This initiative created 200 construction jobs and supports local economic development while providing reliable, American-made energy."], ["20250602", "Alliance Defending Freedom (ADF) attorneys, in partnership with Boyden Gray, have filed a lawsuit against Airbnb on behalf of The Heritage Foundation and the American Conservative Values ETF. The lawsuit alleges that Airbnb ignored shareholder resolutions submitted via FedEx, which were intended for its upcoming June 4 meeting, despite proof of delivery. Airbnb claimed not to have received the resolutions and suggested altered signatures, leading to accusations of subverting shareholder democracy and violating the law."], ["20250602", "Shares of online sports betting platforms, including DraftKings and Flutter Entertainment, declined after Illinois lawmakers approved a budget that includes a significant tax increase on wagers. This marks the second consecutive year Illinois has raised taxes on the industry, causing investor concern that other states might follow suit to address budget deficits. Analysts believe this new tax structure will make Illinois's rates among the highest in the country, especially impacting larger operators like DraftKings and FanDuel."], ["20250601", "UnitedHealth Group has experienced a challenging year marked by a significant stock drop, CEO change, and increasing regulatory scrutiny, primarily due to its aggressive Medicare Advantage strategy and the evolving healthcare landscape. Experts point to issues like a too-generous plan design in Medicare Advantage leading to higher utilization and concerns about vertical integration, although some believe the company's issues are solvable. UnitedHealth faces investigations and lawsuits, but analysts suggest it will likely recover, possibly by adjusting its Medicare Advantage benefits and navigating regulatory challenges."], ["20250701", "The U.S. Postal Service significantly reduced air transport costs by 43% in the first quarter after switching its primary air cargo contract from FedEx to UPS, according to an inspector general's report. Despite the cost savings and increased operational flexibility, the audit identified issues with incomplete data collection, improper scanning of packages, and hazardous material shipments mistakenly entering the UPS network, urging improvements in performance measurement and network planning. The new $10 billion contract supports the USPS's strategy to shift to less expensive ground transportation to mitigate financial losses and enhance service."], ["20250701", "Shares of medical device makers Dexcom (DXCM), Tandem Diabetes (TNDM), and Insulet (PODD) fell due to a proposed reduction in Medicare reimbursements for wearable diabetes technology. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services introduced a competitive bidding process for continuous glucose monitors and insulin pumps. This proposal threatens the profitability of these companies' diabetes devices."], ["20250701", "Electronics manufacturer Jabil Inc. is investing $500 million to build a new facility in Rowan County, North Carolina. This project aims to create nearly 1,200 jobs by the end of 2030, focusing on manufacturing for cloud computing and AI data centers. The state and local governments are providing over $21 million in incentives for this development."], ["20250701", "The Georgia Public Service Commission (PSC) is considering Georgia Power's request to freeze base consumer power rates at their current level until 2028. While this extension of an alternative rate plan doesn't include pre-approved hikes, Georgia Power plans to file separate rate cases in 2026 to recover an estimated $860 million in storm costs and fuel costs, potentially leading to increased consumer bills. Consumer watchdogs criticize the proposed freeze, arguing it locks in a high-profit margin for the utility and allows deferred cost considerations, while some business groups and local governments support the stability."], ["20250701", "Axos Financial, Inc. announced it will host a conference call on July 30, 2025, to discuss its fourth-quarter fiscal year 2025 financial results. The company also provided an update on the financial impact of recent changes to California's income tax law, which resulted in a one-time non-cash impairment of approximately $4 million but is expected to reduce the effective tax rate in future fiscal years."], ["20250701", "Tata Semiconductor and Israel's Tower Semiconductor have been shortlisted for the first phase of a \u20b94,000-crore revamp project for the Semi-Conductor Laboratory (SCL) in Mohali, India. This project, part of the \u20b976,000-crore India Semiconductor Mission, aims to upgrade SCL's existing 8-inch fabrication line. The selected company will be responsible for enhancing production capacity, replacing outdated machinery, and integrating advanced equipment for VLSI chips, ASICs, optoelectronics, and MEMS devices."], ["20250701", "Electronics maker Jabil Inc. is investing $500 million to build a new manufacturing facility in Rowan County, North Carolina, creating nearly 1,200 jobs. This operation will support cloud computing and artificial intelligence data centers, with an average minimum wage of approximately $62,000 for the new positions. North Carolina offered over $21 million in state and local incentives to secure the project, competing with Florida."], ["20250701", "Eos Energy Enterprises has received a $22.7 million loan advance from the Department of Energy, completing the full draw of $90.9 million for its first manufacturing line under Project AMAZE. This funding, along with recent stock and convertible note offerings, boosts Eos' financial position and supports the expansion of its U.S. manufacturing capabilities to meet growing customer demand for zinc-based battery energy storage systems, especially for an anticipated 6 GWh from recently signed MOUs. The company aims to build a robust domestic supply chain and create jobs while addressing the increasing needs of the energy storage market."], ["20250701", "The Town of Saugus is transitioning its solid waste and recycling hauling services to Capitol Waste Services, Inc., effective July 1, 2025, moving away from previous hauler Republic Services. This change is expected to bring significant financial savings and improved service reliability. The switch also follows a Special Town Meeting vote to adopt automated waste collection."], ["20250701", "Qualivian Investment Partners sold its stake in United Rentals (URI) in Q1 2025 finding more upside potential in existing holdings and citing concerns about the cyclicality of the equipment rental industry and potential risks from a Trump Administration's tariff policies. The fund outperformed both the iShares MSCI USA Quality Factor ETF (QUAL) and the S&P 500 since its inception, including in Q1 2025. Despite United Rentals being a market leader, Qualivian now sees greater promise in AI stocks due to their potential for higher returns within a shorter timeframe."], ["20250630", "A U.S. judge has ordered Argentina to transfer its 51% stake in oil and gas company YPF to partially satisfy a $16.1 billion judgment. The decision, which Argentina's President Javier Milei vowed to appeal, instructs Argentina to transfer the shares within 14 days to BNY Mellon. This ruling is a significant blow to Argentina, which is grappling with high inflation and a need to build foreign currency reserves."], ["20250630", "Jabil Inc. is planning a substantial expansion in Rowan County, North Carolina, involving a $264 million investment and creating up to 1,200 jobs by 2030, supported by an $18.8 million incentives package. Concurrently, TMG Haartz Solutions is establishing a new factory in Rutherford County with a $51 million investment, bringing 125 additional jobs to the state thanks to a $2.5 million incentives package. These moves highlight North Carolina's growing role in domestic manufacturing and its appeal for both tech and automotive industries."], ["20250630", "A contract dispute between MU Health Care and Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield continues to impact approximately 90,000 central Missouri residents, with both parties telling a state Senate committee that they have \"never been close\" to an agreement. Despite an offer from Anthem's parent company, Elevance Health, for annual increases at 1% over the Consumer Price Index, MU Health Care is seeking a 9% increase, leading to an ongoing impasse. The disagreement has caused difficulties for patients seeking continuity of care and is also affecting state employees, with no immediate resolution in sight after a three-hour Senate hearing."], ["20250630", "A US District Judge has ordered Argentina to surrender its 51% controlling stake in energy company YPF SA within two weeks to satisfy a $16 billion court judgment. This ruling is a significant setback for President Javier Milei, especially ahead of upcoming midterm elections, and benefits litigation funding firm Burford Capital, which represents former YPF shareholders."], ["20250630", "The Corning plant in DeKalb, St. Lawrence County, has enacted layoffs affecting fewer than 20 employees. Despite this, a planned expansion, which received $32 million in CHIPS Act funding in 2024, is still expected to proceed, with insiders expressing optimism about new job creation. Approximately 300 people remain employed at the facility."], ["20250630", "Jabil Inc. is set to create over 1,000 new jobs in Rowan County, North Carolina, with a $500 million investment in a new manufacturing facility. This expansion will support cloud and AI data center customers and is projected to boost North Carolina's economy by $3.2 billion over the next 12 years. The project is backed by a Job Development Investment Grant, authorizing potential reimbursement of up to $11.25 million over 12 years."], ["20250630", "Economist Craig Shapiro argues that the U.S. housing market is \"rigged,\" functioning as an \"over-subsidized, under-scrutinized asset class\" rather than affordable shelter, benefiting powerful groups at the expense of renters. This perspective emerges as NYC mayoral candidate Zohran Mamdani proposes an ambitious housing reform agenda, including building 200,000 affordable homes and freezing rent on stabilized apartments. Shapiro suggests a \"Great Housing Reset\" to shift focus back to accessible housing through policy changes like phasing out mortgage interest deductions and reforming zoning laws."], ["20250630", "The Oregon Legislature has passed several bills that will significantly impact investor-owned utilities like PGE, Pacific Power, and NW Natural, affecting their payment structures, rate increase requests, and funding for low-income programs. These new laws aim to incentivize utilities to meet climate goals through performance-based regulation, require economic impact statements for rate changes, and increase assistance for low-income customers. The legislation responds to concerns over rising utility costs and frequent disconnections, with some bills already signed into law."], ["20250627", "The Elbert County Board of Commissioners denied Xcel Energy's request to complete Segment 5 of their Power Pathway through the county, citing an incomplete application with insufficient fire mitigation proposals and considerations for human and animal health. Local commissioners emphasized that the transmission line would not benefit Elbert County residents and could devalue property, despite Xcel Energy's claims of tax revenue benefits. Xcel Energy plans to review the resolution and evaluate options, including seeking relief from the District Court or the Colorado Public Utilities Commission."], ["20250627", "MGM Resorts International's subsidiary, MGM Yonkers, has submitted a $2.3bn proposal to transform its Empire City Casino site into a commercial casino and entertainment destination in downstate New York. If approved, the project aims for completion by mid-2029, promising substantial tax revenue for New York education and local counties, and the creation of thousands of direct and indirect jobs. The proposal includes renovating gaming areas, adding a BetMGM Sportsbook, a 5,000-person entertainment venue, new restaurants, and a solar-powered parking garage."], ["20250627", "Enovix Corporation (ENVX) shares surged over 20% after news broke that Senate lawmakers are considering gentler cuts to clean energy tax credits than previously proposed. This development is favorable for battery manufacturers like Enovix, which benefit from incentives under the Inflation Reduction Act designed to boost domestic production. The article suggests that while ENVX shows potential, some AI stocks may offer higher returns with limited downside risk."], ["20250627", "Today is the deadline for applications for three new casino licenses in the New York area. The state's Gaming Facility Location Board expects to receive eight applications, some of which are thousands of pages long, detailing revenue projections and financial references. The board will then hold public hearings before selecting the winners, with some applicants already generating public attention through rallies."], ["20250627", "This article details the privatization of CSN (Companhia Sider\u00fargica Nacional) in April 1993, a landmark event in Brazil's economic restructuring. The auction, valued at over US$1 billion and paid largely with \"junk bonds,\" transferred control of Latin America's largest steelmaker to a private consortium led by Benjamin Steinbruch. While the privatization led to increased efficiency and profitability for CSN, it resulted in significant social and economic upheaval for the city of Volta Redonda due to mass layoffs."], ["20250627", "The article reports on the controversial decision by Sergio Marinelli, Superintendent of Mendoza's General Department of Irrigation, to grant nine water permits in restricted areas to powerful businessmen, including Eduardo Elsztain. This decision, which contradicts technical and scientific recommendations, has sparked outrage among environmental assemblies and led to calls for Marinelli's impeachment. Critics argue that these permits significantly increase land value for connected entrepreneurs and represent a political maneuver to benefit interests aligned with figures like Elsztain and Governor Alfredo Cornejo."], ["20250627", "A significant Oregon transportation bill, HB 2025, has been sent back to committee after failing to gain bipartisan support in the House of Representatives. Republican Rep. Greg Smith expressed opposition to the proposed 15-cent gas tax increase, advocating instead for a 3-cent increase dedicated solely to county and city road preservation and maintenance, along with improved accountability for the Oregon Department of Transportation. Negotiations are ongoing to achieve bipartisan consensus before the legislative session ends on Sunday."], ["20250627", "The Texas Tech University System and Fermi America are partnering to build an $11 billion Advanced Energy and Intelligence Campus near Amarillo, which will be the world's largest AI energy campus. This project aims to power 18 million square feet of AI data centers using multiple energy sources, including nuclear, solar, wind, and natural gas. The initiative seeks to address growing energy demands for AI, enhance U.S. competitiveness in technology, and provide significant academic and workforce opportunities for the region."], ["20250626", "Tanner Roberts, an Enid native with deep family roots in Oklahoma's agricultural history, is now leading community engagement for NextEra Energy Resources in the state. He connects innovative energy projects with local communities, ensuring generational benefits like tax support for schools, and views wind energy as a symbol of Oklahoma's resilience. Roberts actively participates in community initiatives, seeing his work as a blend of his heritage and the state's energy future."], ["20250626", "Enphase Energy (ENPH) stock surged nearly 13%, leading S&P 500 gainers, due to reports that Congress might not cut federal tax incentives for residential rooftop solar installations. Rivals Sunrun, SolarEdge Technologies, and First Solar also saw gains. This recovery comes after solar stocks previously plummeted when a House bill and subsequent Senate discussions suggested the removal of clean energy tax credits by 2029."], ["20250626", "A large coalition of local residents, small business owners, labor unions, and elected officials gathered in Duffy Square to support the proposed Caesars Palace Times Square project. This project, a collaboration between SL Green, Caesars Entertainment, and Roc Nation, aims to reimagine an existing office building into a world-class gaming and entertainment destination. Supporters highlight the creation of 3,000 union construction jobs, $250 million in community benefits including public safety and Broadway initiatives, and unique investment opportunities for local residents."], ["20250626", "The Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts has removed BlackRock Inc. from its list of companies that boycott the oil and gas industry. This change follows BlackRock's withdrawal from climate initiatives and an increase in funds allocated to oil and gas investments. Texas financial agencies, which were previously required to divest from BlackRock, can now resume their investments in the firm."], ["20250626", "WM Technology director, Olga Gonzalez, sold 62,501 shares of Class A Common Stock for a total of $56,969 on June 24, 2025. This sale was conducted under a pre-arranged 10b5-1 trading plan to cover tax withholding obligations and brokerage fees. The article also mentions recent Q1 2025 earnings and the withdrawal of a founder buyout proposal."], ["20250626", "Nandan Nilekani, Chairman of Infosys, has highlighted significant global uncertainties stemming from the ongoing tariff war, the rise of artificial intelligence, and the energy transition. He noted that businesses are diversifying supply chains due to tariffs and that AI is driving cultural and operational shifts within the workforce, requiring significant investment in innovation and scaling. Nilekani also pointed out that the energy transition adds another layer of uncertainty, relying on advancements in various renewable and nuclear technologies."], ["20250626", "Energy Transfer LP has signed an incremental agreement with Chevron Corp., increasing Chevron\u2019s offtake from the planned Lake Charles LNG project to 3 million metric tons per annum (MMtpa) for 20 years. This expanded agreement highlights the growing demand for reliable, long-term LNG supply and follows recent lifted Biden-era restrictions by the Department of Energy on export commencement deadlines for LNG projects, allowing Energy Transfer to refile for export authorization."], ["20250626", "Indonesia is implementing a new regulation requiring e-commerce platforms to collect a 0.5% levy on sellers' sales income to combat the \"shadow economy.\" The move, which aims to improve supervision and tax compliance, has received backing from consulted stakeholders, though platforms and the e-commerce association are requesting adequate time for implementation due to the significant number of sellers affected."], ["20250626", "This article discusses the Supreme Court case McLaughlin Chiropractic Associates, Inc. V. McKesson Corporation, focusing on its implications for counties challenging FCC orders. The National Association of Counties (NACo) advocated that the Hobbs Act should not strip district courts of their ability to reconsider the validity of an agency's interpretation of statutes. The Supreme Court ultimately ruled in favor of district courts retaining this ability, marking a significant win for local governments."], ["20250625", "The CSN (Companhia Sider\u00fargica Nacional) has delivered the first of three new filter sets for its Presidente Vargas plant in Volta Redonda, aimed at significantly reducing \"p\u00f3 preto\" (black dust) emissions. This initiative is part of a modernization plan and a commitment made through a Term of Conduct Adjustment (TAC) with environmental agencies. The company plans to deliver the second set by August 2025 and the third in early 2026, expecting a major improvement in local air quality once all are operational."], ["20250625", "Despite apologizing for the Juukan Gorge destruction in 2020 and entering a co-management agreement with the PKKP Aboriginal Corporation, Rio Tinto, through its Resolution Copper joint venture, is proceeding with a project that threatens Oak Flat, a sacred Apache site in Arizona. The author argues that Rio Tinto's actions demonstrate a failure to learn moral lessons and suggests that providing Indigenous communities with significant equity stakes in mining companies could serve as a deterrent against future destruction of sacred lands."], ["20250625", "President Trump's executive order established a Strategic Bitcoin Reserve (SBR) in the U.S. to treat Bitcoin as a strategic asset, similar to gold or petroleum, to protect against geopolitical risks and maintain economic power. The article discusses various methods for funding this reserve without taxpayer burden, including mining Bitcoin with excess government energy resources, repurposing existing funds, reallocating revenue streams, issuing \"BitBonds,\" revaluing gold reserves, and legislative action. Ultimately, the SBR aims to secure America's digital future, strengthening the dollar's foundation and ensuring the U.S. remains a financial superpower in the digital age."], ["20250625", "Antitrust enforcement agencies in the US, UK, and EU are reconsidering their approaches to merger remedies. The US, under a new administration, is re-embracing consent agreements and structural remedies, a shift from the previous administration's aversion. Meanwhile, the UK's CMA is exploring increased flexibility, including a greater openness to behavioral remedies, aligning more with the European Commission's existing stance."], ["20250625", "The Ohio Department of Transportation has awarded Bowling Green $500,000 for the realignment of Bishop Road and Nims Road. This project is crucial for the detailed design and right-of-way acquisition needed for a new $500 million Abbott Laboratories manufacturing facility. The funding is part of a larger state initiative to support transportation projects that foster economic development, job creation, and improved infrastructure across Ohio."], ["20250625", "CBIZ conducted a 2025 Construction Industry Survey to understand how industry leaders are navigating challenges such as inflation, tariffs, labor shortages, and policy changes. The survey results, combined with expert analysis, provide insights into risk management, supply chain issues, tax implications from the TCJA sunset, and the impact of AI. The report emphasizes the importance of agility, strategic planning, and resilience for construction firms in a volatile economic landscape."], ["20250625", "Shares of Flagstar bank fell after Zohran Mamdani, a pro-rent freeze candidate, won the New York City Democratic mayoral primary. Flagstar, formerly New York Community Bancorp, has significant exposure to the New York real estate market, particularly multi-family loans. Analysts are assessing the potential impact of a rent freeze on the bank's profitability and loan loss reserves."], ["20250625", "Investors returned to US long-term bond funds in May, marking the largest monthly inflow in over two years, reversing sharp April outflows. This shift reflects investor expectations of weaker economic growth and a belief that bonds offer better value than riskier assets. Concerns over inflation and fiscal deficits have eased, rekindling appetite for long-dated Treasuries as a hedge against equity declines."], ["20250624", "The New Mexico state government has awarded a contract to Stantec Consulting Services, Inc. to develop a master plan for the redevelopment of the state fairgrounds. The goal is to transform the 236-acre site into a stronger economic, cultural, and entertainment driver for New Mexico, focusing on maximizing operations and utilization over the next 10 to 20 years. This initiative aims to ensure the annual New Mexico State Fair remains a vital economic and cultural asset for future generations."], ["20250624", "The Cheyenne City Council approved over $250,000 to ensure SkyWest Airlines continues its service connecting Cheyenne and Denver, covering potential revenue shortfalls for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026. This agreement, vital for maintaining commercial air service, was part of several approvals including funding for economic development, various infrastructure projects, and city service agreements. The council also addressed community concerns regarding airport appearance and maintenance."], ["20250624", "Solar stocks like First Solar (FSLR), Enphase Energy (ENPH), and Sunrun (RUN) experienced sharp declines due to uncertainty surrounding potential cuts to solar tax credits. While these credits are designed to make solar installations more affordable, the article suggests that high costs still limit widespread adoption, especially for residential systems. The author posits that the market's reaction might be overblown, presenting a potential bullish opportunity for investors who believe wealthy homeowners and businesses will continue to adopt solar regardless of tax credit changes."], ["20250624", "Caesars Palace Times Square, a joint bid for a casino in Times Square, has pledged a $5 million investment to the Callen-Lorde Community Health Center, an LGBTQ+ sexual health non-profit. This investment, contingent on the casino bid's approval, would support existing projects and fund a new Center for Excellence in Sexual Health, offering rapid STI screening technology. The proposal faces significant community and political opposition due to concerns about increased congestion, crime, and potential negative impacts on local businesses and cultural institutions."], ["20250624", "Caesars Palace Times Square has announced a $5 million commitment to support Callen-Lorde Community Health Center, contingent on securing a downstate gaming license. This commitment includes $2 million for existing services and $3 million to establish a new Center for Excellence in Sexual Health in Hell\u2019s Kitchen. The new 20,000-square-foot facility aims to provide rapid, high-quality HIV and STI care, addressing high STI rates in NYC, particularly among LGBTQ+ and BIPOC communities."], ["20250624", "Cleveland-Cliffs' stock price and financial results have sharply declined over the past year. The company's leadership is reportedly enacting a plan to restore profitability. This article provides a preview into the reasons behind the nosedive."], ["20250624", "Spain has imposed conditions on BBVA's hostile takeover bid for Sabadell, stating that the banks cannot integrate their operations for at least three years. The Spanish government, through Economy Minister Carlos Cuerpo, aims to protect workers, companies, and customers by requiring them to remain separate legal entities and maintain autonomy. BBVA is evaluating these conditions, which could potentially complicate its expansion plans, while Sabadell intends to remain independent."], ["20250624", "Las Vegas Sands Corporation, owned by Miriam Adelson, significantly lobbied Texas lawmakers to legalize casinos in the state, investing millions in political campaigns and advertising. Despite their efforts, which included a rezoning proposal for a casino in Irving, their bid to open casinos in Texas was unsuccessful. Experts suggest their aggressive lobbying tactics may have backfired, leading them back to the drawing board."], ["20250624", "A class action lawsuit has been filed against DraftKings Inc. alleging that its \"Daily Fantasy Sports\" and \"Pick6\" contests are illegal forms of gambling in California. Three California residents claim DraftKings falsely advertises the legality of these contests within the state, violating California\u2019s anti-gambling laws. The plaintiffs are seeking declaratory, injunctive, and monetary relief for themselves and other California residents who have placed bets on DraftKings."], ["20250623", "Malaysia's Ministry of Investment, Trade and Industry (MITI) has affirmed Intel's commitment to expanding its operations in the country, highlighting Intel's significant investment of RM50 billion and its foundational role since 1972. This move aligns with Malaysia's national strategies to foster a resilient industrial ecosystem. Additionally, Vishay Intertechnology, another key US-based semiconductor company, is also planning an expansion in Malaysia, further solidifying the country's position as a hub for high-tech semiconductor facilities."], ["20250623", "The CEO of Global Partners is urging Massachusetts Governor Maura Healey to reconsider the Mass Pike service plaza contract. The CEO claims the state is leaving \"almost a billion dollars on the table\" by choosing an Irish firm over the Waltham-based company. Global Partners had planned to work with Gensler to design and rebuild the service plazas."], ["20250623", "Canadian Natural Resources Ltd. (CNRL) is appealing a $278,000 fine for the deaths of over 400 birds at its Horizon oil sands site, a result of the company failing to prevent wildlife contact with toxic tailings. This incident highlights issues with environmental regulation and corporate responsibility, and the broader health risks posed by oil sands pollution to both ecosystems and nearby communities. The article emphasizes the need for stronger enforcement of environmental protections as tailings ponds also release pollutants linked to human health problems."], ["20250623", "A study by Energy Innovation warns that President Donald Trump's proposed \"one, big, beautiful bill,\" which cuts clean energy tax credits, could result in an $87 billion hit to Texas's GDP by 2034 and the loss of about 120,000 jobs by 2035. The researchers contend that while the Senate Finance Committee has proposed some flexibility, the changes would not significantly mitigate the negative economic impact on the state's energy sector and consumers, who would face higher energy bills and gas prices. Texas, a hub for renewables, stands to be the \"biggest loser\" if the bill passes as written, leading to increased offshoring of manufacturing and reduced domestic investment."], ["20250623", "The Federal Trade Commission has approved the $13.5 billion merger between advertising giants Omnicom Group and Interpublic Group. This approval comes after the companies agreed not to boycott media platforms based on their political content, an unusual move by the antitrust regulator. The consent decree aligns with the Trump administration's efforts to address perceived corporate political bias."], ["20250623", "Criminal court filings reveal DTE Energy employees directed funds from a dark money nonprofit, Michigan Energy First, to another group tied to a Michigan official, contradicting DTE's previous denials of involvement. The article details how a DTE executive facilitated a $100,000 donation using her DTE email, highlighting the porous boundary between DTE and MEF despite the utility's claims of separation. This situation mirrors other high-profile utility fraud cases involving dark money and has prompted calls for greater transparency in Michigan politics."], ["20250622", "Whirlpool Corp. is poised to benefit significantly from new federal tariffs on imported appliances, according to CEO Marc Bitzer. These tariffs, targeting steel content in products, are expected to increase retail prices of competitors' appliances by $50-$70, giving Whirlpool's U.S.-made products a competitive edge. The company plans substantial investments in its U.S. factories, focusing on new products and automation, aiming to improve its financial performance in the latter half of the year despite missing Q1 earnings targets."], ["20250622", "Three Canadian companies, Magna, Linamar, and Martinrea, have been recognized on Automotive News' list of the top 100 global suppliers. Magna, based in Aurora, Ont., recorded $42.83 billion in sales to automakers worldwide. The article highlights their significant presence and contribution to the global automotive supply chain."], ["20250620", "Citi has maintained a Neutral rating on UBS Group (UBS) with a price target of CHF26.90, following the Swiss Federal Council's new proposals for capital requirements after the Credit Suisse incident. The proposals introduce an incremental CET1 capital requirement of $26 billion, but an extended transition period of six to eight years is expected to allow UBS to meet this without disrupting its capital return strategy. Despite potential revisions due to ongoing legislative review and concerns about UBS's relative earnings momentum, Citi analysts believe UBS is well-positioned, though they suggest exploring AI stocks for higher upside potential."], ["20250620", "Hasbro announced it will cut 3% of its global workforce, approximately 150 employees, as part of a restructuring effort to counter higher production costs resulting from U.S. tariffs on Chinese imports. This move is part of the toy maker's multi-year plan to reduce expenses by $1 billion and follows previous job cuts in 2023. CEO Chris Cocks had previously warned that tariffs could lead to further layoffs and increased consumer prices, despite a 17% sales rise in the first quarter driven by board games."], ["20250620", "Hope Florida, a government-backed welfare program spearheaded by Florida's first lady Casey DeSantis, is under investigation following accusations of unlawfully obtaining state funds. Specifically, $10 million from a $67 million settlement with Centene Corp., meant for state and federal coffers, was allegedly directed to Hope Florida. The program aims to help Floridians achieve economic self-sufficiency by connecting them with nonprofit and faith-based services, utilizing \"Hope navigators\" to assist single parents, veterans, and others in need."], ["20250620", "Algoma Steel Group Inc. CEO Michael Garcia believes the Canadian government's new quotas on foreign steel imports are insufficient to combat the ongoing trade war with the United States. While acknowledging they are a \"first step,\" Garcia argues that the high volume of foreign steel imports in previous years means the quotas will not significantly impact the challenges faced by domestic steel producers. Other stakeholders, like Jim Ritchie of Cascadia Metals Ltd., view the measures as a more reasoned response, balancing economic impact with trade negotiations."], ["20250620", "The proposed $35 billion merger between ANSYS and Synopsys has encountered a setback in China, as the country's market regulator postponed its approval. This delay comes in response to stricter US chip export controls against China, with previous US export restrictions on semiconductor design software also playing a role. Despite approvals in the US and EU, the deal requires China's green light and may proceed if Synopsys addresses the regulators' concerns."], ["20250620", "Semiconductor stocks declined after a report indicated the U.S. Commerce Department plans to revoke waivers for South Korean and Taiwanese chipmakers, impacting companies like Samsung, SK Hynix, and TSMC. This move aims to restrict China's technological advancements but risks straining U.S. relations with key allies and potentially disrupting global supply chains. The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index fell 0.8%, with companies like Lam Research, Nvidia, Intel, Broadcom, and Qualcomm seeing their shares trade lower."], ["20250620", "ArcelorMittal has canceled two green hydrogen-based steel projects in Germany, despite the projects having attracted \u20ac1.3 billion in subsidies. The industrial giant stated that the business case for the transformation was not strong enough, even with the significant financial support. The decision impacts ArcelorMittal's plans for green steel production in Germany."], ["20250620", "Thousands of private government consultants, laid off due to Trump administration cost-cutting, are now entering a shrinking labor market. Job postings at major consulting firms like Booz Allen Hamilton and Deloitte are significantly down, causing a challenging environment for these workers. While some demand exists in specialized fields like AI, the overall market for these roles is contracting, with recovery potentially tied to future interest rate cuts."], ["20250619", "Highland councillors have approved plans for a new rail yard at West Fraser's timber plant near Inverness, known as the \"cloud factory.\" This development aims to significantly reduce HGV traffic by an estimated 20,000 journeys annually, connecting the plant to the Inverness to Aberdeen railway line. The project is expected to begin receiving trains next year, with full completion by 2028, and is projected to cut CO2 emissions by approximately 9,000 tonnes."], ["20250619", "The CEO of Trip.com Group, Jane Sun, anticipates a significant boost for China's tourism sector due to Beijing's recent initiatives to stimulate consumption and relax visa rules. Despite consumer caution, the online travel giant expects to capitalize on the resulting travel upswing, having already seen a 60% increase in international bookings in the first quarter."], ["20250619", "New York energy regulators have approved $440 million in Con Edison electric grid updates, to be funded by ratepayers. This decision, aimed at meeting increased demand from fossil fuel-to-electric conversions, has drawn criticism from city officials regarding its timing and the method of approval, as broader rate increase negotiations are ongoing. The Public Service Commission, however, stressed the urgency of these upgrades for transitioning to an electricity-powered state."], ["20250618", "The U.S. financial industry is optimistic about the second half of 2025, expecting improved business conditions as policy uncertainty declines, consumer spending remains strong, and regulatory changes unlock capital market activity. Banks anticipate a strengthening in M&A and IPOs, are prioritizing AI for operational efficiency, and see a favorable regulatory environment boosting the sector. These insights emerged from the 16th Morgan Stanley U.S. Financials Conference held in June."], ["20250618", "Georgia Power reported a $2.5 billion profit in 2024, a 22% increase, making it significantly more profitable per customer than its peers. Amidst this, an announced three-year rate freeze by the Georgia Public Service Commission and Georgia Power is raising concerns about delayed oversight of an excessive Return on Equity and billions in unscrutinized capital spending on fossil fuel expansion. Critics argue this freeze allows the utility to continue its high profitability and expansion without proper public and regulatory review, disproportionately affecting customers and contributing to climate change."], ["20250618", "Bally's has overcome a significant obstacle in its bid for a casino license at the former Trump golf course site in The Bronx. Governor Kathy Hochul signed legislation that re-designates parkland for casino use, a necessary step before the June 27 application deadline. Despite this progress, Bally's still needs City Council approval for zoning changes, and faces opposition from a local Community Board and some public officials."], ["20250618", "PG&E Corporation (PCG) saw its share price fall by 8.38% between June 10 and June 17, 2025, reaching a new 2-year low. This decline is attributed to past wildfire incidents and a proposed California legislation that would overhaul utility regulation, potentially excluding shareholders from profits on significant capital spending for fire mitigation. The article also suggests that certain AI stocks might offer better upside potential and less downside risk than PCG."], ["20250618", "Texas Instruments announced plans to invest over $60 billion to expand its U.S. manufacturing footprint, constructing seven chip plants across Texas and Utah. This significant investment is driven by a push from the Trump administration to boost domestic semiconductor production, following a $1.61 billion subsidy from the Biden administration. The company aims to create 60,000 jobs and reinforce the supply chain for foundational chips used in everyday devices."], ["20250618", "Weyerhaeuser Co. has broken ground on a new $500 million timber processing facility in south Arkansas, near Monticello and Warren. This investment is expected to create 200 jobs and produce TimberStrand, a laminated strand lumber, to meet growing demand in the U.S. South. Governor Sarah Sanders and other state officials highlighted the significant economic impact and the state's supportive environment for the timber industry."], ["20250618", "Weyerhaeuser has broken ground on a new $500 million TimberStrand facility in Monticello and Warren, Arkansas, which is expected to create 200 new jobs. This investment will increase the company's production capabilities for laminated strand lumber, using timber harvested from south Arkansas and surrounding regions. The project was supported by state and local officials, underscoring Arkansas's strong timber industry and Weyerhaeuser's long-standing presence in the state."], ["20250618", "Fluor Marine Propulsion, a unit of Fluor, has secured a nearly $560.5 million contract modification from the U.S. Navy to continue providing naval nuclear propulsion services to the Naval Nuclear Laboratory. The work will primarily be performed in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and Schenectady, New York, with funding allocated from various Navy fiscal year budgets. This modification builds on an original $13 billion contract awarded in 2018, which was extended in October 2023 through 2028."], ["20250618", "The Office of the Ohio Consumers' Counsel (OCC) is opposing FirstEnergy Corp.'s attempts to block testimony in ongoing consumer investigations before state utility regulators, arguing the company is trying to obscure details of the House Bill 6 bribery scandal. The OCC filed a pleading with the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio (PUCO) to challenge motions that would prevent key witnesses and testimony, including recommendations for a $28.3 million rate reduction. The OCC emphasizes the importance of this testimony for consumer protection and holding FirstEnergy accountable for its role in the HB 6 scandal."], ["20250617", "Former President Trump abruptly changed his stance on immigration enforcement, halting workplace raids in the agricultural and hospitality sectors. This policy reversal directly benefits some of his largest political donors in these industries, who have historically relied on undocumented workers. The shift occurred after an initial crackdown and was then followed by a proposal to target politically opposed cities, highlighting a power struggle between corporate interests and immigration hawks within his administration."], ["20250617", "The U.S. stock market rally continues despite geopolitical tensions and economic uncertainties, leading to what Morgan Stanley's Global Investment Committee calls \"peak optimism.\" However, investors may be overlooking four key risks: elevated policy uncertainty, soaring geopolitical stresses, potential weakening in the U.S. labor market, and pressures on corporate profit margins. Morgan Stanley advises prudent investors to consider hedging, active stock picking, and diversifying portfolios with international equities, commodities, and bonds, given limited visibility and an expected environment of higher volatility and real rates."], ["20250617", "The People's Power Union (PPU), an initiative by Georgia Conservation Voters, aims to hold the Georgia Public Service Commission (PSC) accountable for rising energy costs and to advocate for clean, affordable energy. Following multiple rate increases by Georgia Power, which disproportionately affect Black communities, the PPU seeks to educate Georgians about the PSC election and empower them to demand better regulation of the monopoly utility. The union encourages community members to join, share their stories, and participate in advocating for consumer interests and environmental justice."], ["20250617", "Scotland has secured nearly one in six inward investment projects in the UK last year, maintaining its position as the top destination outside of London for the tenth consecutive year. Despite a slight dip in project numbers, Scotland outperformed the UK, France, and Germany, demonstrating its strength in attracting foreign direct investment. Deputy First Minister Kate Forbes highlighted the vital role of these investments in economic growth and job creation, while Scottish Enterprise CEO Adrian Gillespie attributed success to the country's strengths in emerging technologies and energy transition."], ["20250617", "Mali's military junta has seized operational control of Barrick Gold's Loulo-Gounkoto gold complex due to an ongoing tax dispute over alleged unpaid taxes and unfair contracts. This action follows an arrest warrant for Barrick CEO Mark Bristow and the company's offer to pay $370 million, as well as the arrest of Barrick employees. Barrick has initiated arbitration proceedings through the International Center for Settlement of Investment Disputes."], ["20250617", "First Solar's stock dropped by almost 18% due to a Senate Finance Committee proposal to accelerate the elimination of tax credits for solar and wind energy. While current law has credits expiring in 2032, the new proposal suggests a 60% reduction next year and full phase-out by 2028, contrasting with extensions for nuclear, hydroelectric, and geothermal energy. Despite the setback, the author suggests that stronger solar companies should be able to adapt to the eventual loss of these tax credits."], ["20250617", "U.S. equities edged lower at midday, influenced by developments in the Middle East and the Senate's decision on clean-energy tax credits. Solar stocks like Enphase Energy and First Solar declined significantly, while T-Mobile US also dropped after SoftBank's share sale. Jabil stock, however, surged to a record high following strong results and an improved outlook."], ["20250617", "Solar stocks experienced a sharp decline following a proposal from a US Senate panel to accelerate the phase-out of solar and wind energy tax credits by 2028. This proposal, an amendment to President Donald Trump\u2019s \"One Big, Beautiful Bill Act,\" suggests slashing tax credits significantly by 2026 and eliminating them entirely by 2028, much faster than the currently legislated 2032 phase-out. The news exacerbated challenges already faced by solar operators, including high costs, technological limitations, and supply chain disruptions, leading to significant drops in major solar company shares like Sunrun, SolarEdge Technologies, Enphase Energy, and First Solar."], ["20250617", "A dispute concerning the upcoming meet at Fair Grounds has been resolved, ensuring the meet will be held as scheduled from November 22 to March 23. Churchill Downs Inc. had threatened to close the track after a Louisiana Supreme Court ruling deemed Historical Horse Racing Machines at their OTBs illegal without voter approval, affecting significant revenue. An agreement reached with horsemen, mediated by state officials, has averted the closure, though the financial details for purses indicate a slight decrease."], ["20250617", "On February 18, 2020, the Economic and Financial Affairs Council of the EU (ECOFIN) updated its blacklist of non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes, adding the Cayman Islands, Palau, Panama, and Seychelles. This revision brings the total number of blacklisted jurisdictions to twelve. The article details the reasons for these additions and outlines next steps for both blacklisted and grey-listed countries, including revised timelines for compliance and future updates to the list."], ["20250617", "Arizona Public Service (APS) has filed an application with the Arizona Corporation Commission (ACC) to raise electricity rates by 14% in 2026. This increase, if approved, would add about $20 to the typical residential customer's monthly bill. APS CEO Ted Geisler stated the hike is necessary to cover the $2 billion spent annually on maintaining and improving Arizona's energy grid, noting that current rates are based on costs from three to four years ago."], ["20250616", "Delegate Andy Shamblin initiated an inquiry into Waste Management of West Virginia, Inc. after receiving numerous complaints about missed pickups and poor communication in the Cross Lanes area. The Public Service Commission (PSC) investigated, finding serious communication issues, and has since ordered Waste Management to establish a toll-free number with live customer service representatives, provide credits for extended service interruptions, and submit plans to remedy missed pickups. The company is also directed to track service interruptions and avoid extra bag charges for missed collections, with Shamblin noting that the company has already started making changes to routes and hiring more staff to address the issues."], ["20250616", "Intercontinental Exchange (ICE.N), owner of the New York Stock Exchange, will dual list on NYSE Texas, a move to deepen its commitment to the state and counter the emerging Texas Stock Exchange. This strategic decision comes as NYSE Texas opens for business and attracts companies like Halliburton and Trump Media & Technology Group for dual listings. Despite the momentum, analysts question whether companies will eventually solely list in Texas, given the unclear incremental value of such a move."], ["20250616", "Jim Cramer believes General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) could see a \"clear ramp to $53\" if tariff debates ease, despite current stock pressure from potential supply chain disruptions and competition from Chinese electric vehicles. He suggests that while tariffs have negatively impacted GM, trade deals could lead to a rebound. Cramer also highlights the ongoing debate about the impact of Chinese auto industry competition on American automakers."], ["20250616", "O ministro do Tribunal de Contas da Uni\u00e3o (TCU), Bruno Dantas, anunciou sua sa\u00edda da Corte para o quarto trimestre de 2025, um m\u00eas ap\u00f3s exigir explica\u00e7\u00f5es do INSS sobre a devolu\u00e7\u00e3o de valores roubados de aposentados. Dantas, de 47 anos, est\u00e1 em negocia\u00e7\u00f5es avan\u00e7adas para ingressar na iniciativa privada, especificamente com a Companhia Sider\u00fargica Nacional (CSN). Ele justifica a mudan\u00e7a por motivos familiares e est\u00e1 atuando para influenciar a escolha de seu sucessor no TCU."], ["20250616", "Goodyear Tire is being seen as a potential beneficiary of automotive tariffs, according to Wall Street projections. The company is having a positive moment, not only appearing strong in the stock market but also recently celebrating the 100th birthday of its famous mascot, the Goodyear Blimp. This development comes as some Trump-era tariffs remain in effect, impacting the automotive industry."], ["20250615", "Otis Elevator Co., headquartered in Farmington, has agreed to pay the federal government $616,987 to settle claims of false billing. The company was accused of submitting invoices for preventive maintenance services that were not rendered to the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) as part of a 2017 contract. U.S. Attorney Francis M. Hamilton III emphasized the obligation of contractors to bill only for performed work and services."], ["20250614", "The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) is challenging over 300 patent listings for 20 different brand-name drugs, including Novo Nordisk's Ozempic, alleging these are \"junk\" patents that delay cheaper generic alternatives. The FTC argues that these improper listings inflate drug prices and has sent warning letters to ten pharmaceutical companies, giving them 30 days to address the disputes. This action follows a previous challenge by the FTC that led to some patents being delisted and comes shortly after Senator Bernie Sanders initiated an investigation into the high prices of Ozempic and Wegovy."], ["20250614", "General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) has announced a $4 billion investment to shift vehicle production from Mexico to the United States, expanding both gas and electric vehicle manufacturing in response to potential President Trump tariffs. This move includes relocating production of the Chevrolet Equinox and Blazer, as well as the new Chevrolet Bolt EV, to facilities in Kansas and Tennessee, and investing in new EV lines in Kansas. The strategy aims to boost American employment and manufacturing, enabling GM to produce over two million cars annually in the U.S."], ["20250613", "Lawmakers in Oregon, New Hampshire, Ohio, and Hawai\u2019i are actively considering or have passed legislation aimed at restricting landfill expansions and operations. Oregon's bill, which now awaits the governor's signature, would require Republic Services' Coffin Butte Landfill to implement advanced methane monitoring. Meanwhile, New Hampshire's budget bill includes provisions for landfill siting restrictions and a temporary moratorium on new projects."], ["20250613", "Airbnb is requesting that its $4.2 billion corporate income tax dispute with the IRS be overseen by a special trial judge at the US Tax Court. The company believes the case's complexity and anticipated pretrial discovery issues, such as a protective order for trade secrets, warrant this specialized approach. However, the government considers this an unnecessary use of court resources."], ["20250613", "Lockheed Martin's Salina plant in suburban Syracuse has secured a $25 million U.S. Army contract for engineering services related to the Sentinel A4 Radar System. The work is expected to be completed by June 3, 2026, with an initial obligation of approximately $17.5 million in fiscal 2025 funds."], ["20250613", "Campbell's is engaging with its suppliers, including those for its Rao's brand, to mitigate the impact of tariffs through strategies like alternative sourcing, product cost optimization, and potential price adjustments. The company estimates tariffs could affect its fiscal '25 adjusted EPS by $0.03 to $0.05 per share due to existing tariffs on European imports and goods exported to Canada, as well as steel and aluminum costs. Uncertainty surrounding global trade policies, particularly involving the EU and Canada, makes future financial impacts difficult to predict beyond fiscal '25."], ["20250612", "U.S. corporations like Apple, Microsoft, and Pfizer established operations in Ireland, leveraging policies such as the \"double Irish\" to reduce their corporate income tax rates significantly. While Ireland has revised its tax codes and raised its corporate income tax rate, many U.S. businesses continue to operate there due to an educated workforce, access to European markets, and historical relationships. The U.S. government has expressed a desire for these activities to return to American soil."], ["20250612", "Governor Maura Healey announced life sciences tax incentive awards for 33 companies in Massachusetts, including major players like Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc., alongside emerging startups and large pharma expanding locally. These incentives aim to support the growth and continued dominance of the life sciences sector in the state."], ["20250612", "The article compares EMCOR (EME) and Quanta Services (PWR), two U.S. construction firms benefiting from increased public infrastructure demand driven by government initiatives. It analyzes their fundamentals, growth prospects, stock performance, and valuation, concluding that EMCOR currently offers a better upside potential due to its discounted valuation and steady growth trend, earning it a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) compared to Quanta's Zacks Rank #3 (Hold)."], ["20250612", "A KeyBank survey of middle market companies reveals that 91% prioritize managing tariff impacts, significantly influencing their investment decisions. Half of the respondents view tariffs as a competitive advantage, leading many to adjust supply chains and enhance technology for visibility. Companies are also proactively seeking to expand capital access to strengthen their balance sheets amidst economic uncertainty."], ["20250611", "Victoria's Secret & Co. projected lower-than-expected profit for the current quarter, hindering its turnaround efforts led by CEO Hillary Super. The company maintained its full-year sales forecast but reduced its adjusted operating income outlook due to external factors like US tariffs, weakening consumer spending, and a recent security incident. Shares fell slightly after the announcement, reflecting the challenges faced in Super's strategy to appeal to younger shoppers."], ["20250611", "Delaware, West Virginia, and New Hampshire lead the U.S. in restaurant tipping, with diners leaving nearly 21% or more on average, according to new data from Toast. Nationwide, average tips at full-service restaurants increased slightly to 19.4% in Q1 2025, though this is down from a pandemic high. The article also mentions congressional proposals to exempt tips from federal taxes, a key promise from former President Trump."], ["20250611", "Ontario recently issued a US$2 billion bond without the involvement of American banks, marking the first time in nearly 14 years. This move comes amidst tariff tensions with the US and the province's plans for significant foreign borrowing to fund its budget deficit. Other Canadian provinces, like Alberta, have also taken similar actions, while British Columbia continues to engage US banks for its bond issues."], ["20250611", "Churchill Downs Inc. (CDI) intends to surrender its racing and gaming licenses for Fair Grounds after Louisiana legislators failed to approve a subsidy to offset revenue losses from slots. This decision comes after a Louisiana Supreme Court ruling deemed the operation of historical horse-racing machines illegal without local approval, significantly impacting CDI's profitability in the state. CDI stated it cannot operate Fair Grounds and its off-track betting parlors profitably without the requested subsidy."], ["20250611", "The City of Taubat\u00e9 plans to issue an ultimatum to CSN's company, Prada, regarding its installation in the municipality after more than two years without progress. Prada had announced an investment of over R$60 million and the creation of 1,000 direct jobs on the former Ford area, in exchange for tax incentives. The company cited legal uncertainties, environmental concerns, and changes in ICMS legislation as reasons for the delay, but the city now expects a new installation timeline."], ["20250611", "The article details how Blue Bird Corp., a Georgia-based electric school bus manufacturer, thrived under Biden-era federal funding and pro-union policies, leading to a newly unionized workforce and significant growth. It highlights how former President Trump's proposed federal funding cuts, especially to programs like the Clean School Bus Program and Domestic Manufacturing Conversion Grants, threaten to reverse this progress and negatively impact workers and companies that benefited from such initiatives. The piece uses Blue Bird's experience as an example of how unions and federal support can lead to positive outcomes for workers and companies, contrasting it with the potential consequences of funding reductions."], ["20250610", "CIBC CEO Victor Dodig is advocating for a significant tax break to assist young Canadians in building savings for future housing purchases. His proposal suggests exempting individuals under 30 from federal income tax on income up to $75,000, provided they save at least $15,000 in designated accounts like TFSAs or FHSAs. Dodig believes this initiative could enable young people to accumulate substantial savings of $150,000 to $250,000 over a decade, addressing current housing affordability challenges and a weak job market for younger workers."], ["20250610", "A report from Reuters indicates that the Midwest premium for aluminum scrap has surged to a record 62.5 cents per pound due to a 50 percent tariff on imported aluminum. Texas-based consulting firm Harbor Aluminum suggests this premium could further increase to 70 cents per pound to fully offset the tariff. This rise benefits U.S. recyclers, allowing them to bid higher for scrap, while some industry players worry about potential demand weakening if prices become too high."], ["20250610", "This article provides an overview of GoodRx Holdings, Inc. (GDRX) including its analyst forecasts, insider trading activity, corporate lobbying, revenue breakdowns, and institutional ownership. It details the company's business model as a digital healthcare platform aiming to lower healthcare costs and summarizes its corporate financials and executive compensation. The page also features a \"Smart Score\" system, combining various data points to assess the stock's strength."], ["20250610", "Digital Realty Trust is scaling back its planned $100 million investment in downtown Dallas due to \"unforeseen circumstances,\" which could jeopardize its tax abatement with the city. The REIT now plans a significantly smaller $13 million renovation and is seeking to revise its economic incentive agreement with Dallas while maintaining eligibility for a state grant. This comes as Digital Realty also expands its office space in Austin, Texas."], ["20250610", "Encompass Health is preparing to open a new 50-bed, $60 million rehabilitation hospital in Daytona Beach, with a ribbon-cutting ceremony on June 11 and plans to start treating patients by July 15. The facility aims to serve the growing elderly population in the area, offering state-of-the-art care for conditions like stroke and orthopedic injuries. The hospital has already hired over 100 employees and plans for future expansion, contributing to the local economy and healthcare services."], ["20250610", "Tyler Technologies and TrueRoll have partnered to enhance tax accuracy and efficiency for county assessor offices, focusing on automating homestead exemption workflows. After one year, their integration helps assessors manage exemptions within Tyler's CAMA system, reducing manual burdens and ensuring fair taxation. Williamson Central Appraisal District in Texas has already seen significant improvements, including a 50% cut in application processing time and improved accuracy."], ["20250610", "The iShares MSCI South Korea ETF (EWY) is currently experiencing a bullish trend, driven by South Korea's KOSPI index entering a bull market and expectations of pro-growth reforms. Technical signals for EWY are positive, with forecasts suggesting a potential rise in the near term. The ETF's performance is closely tied to global tech demand and domestic reforms, making these key factors for future gains."], ["20250610", "China is utilizing its US$1.5 trillion (10.9 trillion yuan) Housing Provident Fund to stabilize its struggling real estate sector, offering citizens a lower-cost financing alternative amidst tightening banking conditions. The fund, originally modeled after Singapore's system, provides mortgage loans at rates often lower than commercial institutions and has seen increased uptake due to relaxed regulations in numerous cities. While the interest rate reduction may have limited short-term sales impact, it signifies continued government efforts to revive the property market, with the fund being a well-capitalized entity poised for an expanded role."], ["20250609", "Mexico's Secretariat of Economy has initiated a review of countervailing duties on imports of cold-rolled steel sheet from China, a measure originally imposed in 2015 to combat dumping. This action follows a request by Ternium M\u00e9xico, a major domestic producer, which seeks to maintain the duties to protect the national steel industry. The review will assess whether removing these duties would lead to a continuation or repetition of harm to the domestic industry."], ["20250609", "U.S. Congressman Tim Burchett's \"Tennessee Valley Authority Transparency Act of 2025\" has passed the House of Representatives. The act mandates that TVA meetings be open to the public with seven days' notice, while allowing exceptions for sensitive matters like litigation or personnel issues. This legislation aims to increase transparency and restore public trust in the TVA, which serves multiple states and congressional districts."], ["20250609", "Despite recent tweets from President Trump regarding the privatization of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, Morgan Stanley's Mortgage & Securitized Team believes this process will be a marathon, not a sprint. Significant hurdles remain, including the recapitalization requirement of over $325 billion and the government's claim to foregone interest. The article also highlights challenges such as increased home financing costs without government backing and the potential for market disruption if the implicit guarantee on mortgage-backed securities is removed."], ["20250609", "Nassau County lawmakers have accepted the final environmental impact statement for the proposed redevelopment of the Nassau Coliseum site, originally planned as a casino-resort by Las Vegas Sands. Despite Sands dropping its casino bid, the vote officially concludes the county's involvement in the state environmental approval process. County Executive Bruce Blakeman indicated a \"Plan B\" development without a casino license would be pursued, while opponents remain concerned about traffic and the proximity to educational institutions."], ["20250609", "Home Depot stores remained open after some locations in Los Angeles were targeted by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) raids, leading to arrests and clashes between demonstrators and law enforcement. While Home Depot deferred comment to DHS, ICE stated that reports of \"raids\" were false, claiming a nearby DHS office was used as a staging area. Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass questioned the targeting of a Home Depot for enforcement, contrasting it with the stated goal of pursuing violent criminals, while President Trump has vowed to expand mass deportations."], ["20250609", "The Midland Spaceport Development Corp. (MSDC) discussed its future objectives and challenges, including the arrival of Starfighters Space and the upcoming 2025 International Rocket Engineering Competition (IREC). MSDC hopes continued investments in aviation programs will foster local engineering talent for companies like Starfighters and AST SpaceMobile. The organization also addressed funding issues, with a focus on appealing to larger entities and increasing local awareness of Midland\u2019s space developments."], ["20250609", "The article discusses how recent U.S. policy shifts under the Trump administration, aimed at boosting domestic nuclear energy, are creating investment opportunities. It highlights three nuclear energy ETFs\u2014Sprott Uranium Miners ETF (URNM), Global X Uranium ETF (URA), and Range Nuclear Renaissance Index ETF (NUKZ)\u2014as diversified alternatives for investors looking to capitalize on this surge without betting on individual companies. Each ETF offers unique exposure to different aspects of the nuclear industry, from uranium mining to advanced reactor technology."], ["20250609", "Despite a significant drop in Elon Musk's fortune and Tesla's stock price, retail investors poured a record $651 million into the Direxion Daily TSLA Bull 2X Shares ETF (TSLL), a leveraged fund designed to double Tesla's daily return. This massive inflow occurred even amid a public spat between Musk and Donald Trump, increased competition for Tesla, and concerns over the company's valuation. The move reflects a continued faith among retail traders in betting on Musk's comebacks during sell-offs, a strategy that has historically yielded substantial returns."], ["20250609", "Enphase Energy (NASDAQ: ENPH) stock is trending up despite competitive challenges, driven by new market opportunities, particularly in New York and European markets like France and Belgium, and favorable tax credit expansions. The company's financial health is robust, with a solid gross margin and liquidity, though its stock price recently traded around $44, far from its 52-week high, but RBC adjusted its price target to $50. Future growth is anticipated through continued technological integration, strategic alliances, and navigating market fluctuations."], ["20250609", "This Zacks Analyst Blog highlights silver ETFs including iShares Silver Trust (SLV), abrdn Physical Silver Shares ETF (SIVR), Global X Silver Miners ETF (SIL), ETFMG Prime Junior Silver ETF (SILJ) and iShares MSCI Global Silver and Metals Miners ETF (SLVP). Silver prices have reached multi-year highs due to a weakening U.S. dollar, geopolitical and economic uncertainty, a sustained supply deficit, and strong industrial demand, particularly from green energy and electronics sectors. The blog also notes a tightening gold-to-silver ratio and increased ETF flows into silver."], ["20250609", "Minnesota medtech firms like Medtronic, Abbott Laboratories, and Boston Scientific have significantly increased their lobbying efforts in Washington D.C., pouring over $600,000 extra into the first quarter of 2025. This surge in lobbying is driven by growing business uncertainty, particularly concerning the financial impact of tariffs and potential federal workforce reductions at the FDA. Companies are advocating on issues ranging from supply chain concerns and tariffs to artificial intelligence and FDA workforce matters."], ["20250609", "A false online report claimed John Deere was shutting down all U.S. manufacturing due to tariffs, a claim explicitly refuted by the company. John Deere confirmed it is not ceasing U.S. production and instead plans to invest $20 billion into its U.S. footprint over the next decade, while acknowledging some temporary production slowdowns and layoffs have occurred due to reduced farmer demand, a situation also faced by competitors. The company emphasizes its strong commitment to American manufacturing, with 83% of machines relevant to U.S. farmers produced in North America."], ["20250608", "Peoria residents, specifically those in the Vistancia neighborhood, are expressing concerns about the planned Amkor Technology semiconductor plant despite the City Council's unanimous approval of the development agreement. Their worries include potential traffic congestion and chemical contamination. While not opposing the plant's existence, residents advocate for its relocation to an area without planned residential growth and plan to continue vocalizing their objections at city council meetings."], ["20250608", "The article details ongoing turmoil at the Long Island Power Authority (LIPA), focusing on PSEG's political contributions to the Suffolk Democratic Party and Governor Kathy Hochul's campaign, alongside high executive salaries. It highlights concerns about the inherent conflict of interest in a public utility being run by a private company and the LIPA board's decision to extend PSEG's contract despite a selection committee's recommendation for a competitor. The piece concludes by advocating for LIPA to return to its original vision as a democratically-based public utility operating its own grid."], ["20250606", "Yum Brands, parent company of KFC, Taco Bell, and Pizza Hut, has filed a lawsuit against the IRS over a $4 billion tax bill. The dispute centers on a 2013-2014 corporate reorganization, which Yum Brands argues should have been tax-free, while the IRS claims it generated billions in taxable income. The lawsuit seeks for the court to declare that Yum Brands has no tax deficiencies from that period."], ["20250606", "President Trump is reportedly considering selling his red Tesla Model S due to an escalating public feud with Elon Musk. This symbolic act comes after the car's purchase in March was celebrated, highlighting the deterioration of their relationship. The disagreement, sparked by Musk's comments on a public spending bill, has already negatively impacted Tesla's stock price and could threaten SpaceX's government contracts."], ["20250606", "The two largest Medicare Advantage insurers, UnitedHealth Group and Humana, are advocating for reforms to the federal program to control specific billing practices, particularly those related to at-home health risk assessments. This comes as senators consider adding MA overpayment reform to upcoming legislation. Both companies have proposed measures such as limiting payments for diagnoses found only during at-home visits and requiring timely follow-up care, with UnitedHealthcare also suggesting annual audits on HRAs."], ["20250606", "Sierra Northern Railway (SERA) has ordered 12 Ballard FCmove\u00ae-XD modules to convert three diesel-powered locomotive switchers to hydrogen fuel cell-powered, zero-emission units. This initiative follows SERA's successful testing of a similar HFC switcher in April 2025 and is part of a larger effort to decarbonize its fleet. The project, funded in part by a $15.6 million grant from the California State Transportation Authority, is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2027."], ["20250606", "A TikToker shared his recent experience purchasing paint from Sherwin-Williams, highlighting a significant price increase due to new tariffs. He noted that three gallons of paint that cost $210 three months prior now cost him $346.65, despite a company discount. The video and subsequent comments reveal customer frustration over tariffs affecting consumer prices for everyday goods."], ["20250605", "The article discusses how Argentine company Ternium invested heavily in Mexico, only to be hit by a significant increase in US tariffs on steel imports under the Trump administration. Despite this setback, Ternium aims to sell its products within Mexico, where the automotive industry continues to thrive, while other companies are re-evaluating their manufacturing locations to mitigate the impact of the tariffs."], ["20250605", "This article examines the significant policy changes under the Trump Administration and Republican Congress impacting small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs), focusing on regulatory rollbacks, new tariffs, and tax reforms. It also discusses changes within government agencies like the IRS, NLRB, and EEOC, and their implications for SMBs regarding compliance, operational costs, and HR practices. The piece highlights healthcare transparency initiatives and the challenges faced by nonprofits, urging SMBs to proactively assess their strategies to adapt to the evolving landscape."], ["20250605", "A new report by IEEFA indicates that South Korea's renewable energy growth is hampered by an inadequate grid, inefficient Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), and ineffective Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS) systems. Despite increased capacity, actual generation delivered to consumers has not kept pace. The report suggests reforms including proactive grid investment, streamlining PPA systems, and improved RPS effectiveness to achieve meaningful renewable energy integration and industrial competitiveness."], ["20250605", "Four development teams have submitted proposals to the city of St. Pete to build affordable townhomes on a 5.24-acre former St. Petersburg College site at 7045 Burlington Avenue North. The city is seeking to create 105 for-sale affordable townhomes, prioritizing units for SPC students, teachers, and faculty. The proposals come from HP Capital Group in partnership with D.R. Horton, Habitat for Humanity Gulfside and Namast\u00e9 Homes, Ramos Development LLC with Land Advisors Organization and ONX Homes, and McDowell Housing Partners LLC."], ["20250605", "Quest Diagnostics has minimal exposure to China tariffs, with less than 1% of its supply chain affected. The company mitigating potential trade disruptions by focusing on domestic sourcing and long-term contracts. This strategy allowed them to maintain strong margin performance despite tariff concerns."], ["20250605", "Around 90 United Auto Workers (UAW) members in Oshkosh have been on strike for nearly three months after rejecting two contract offers from Cummins Inc., primarily over wages and attendance policy. US Sen. Tammy Baldwin is introducing federal legislation, the \u201cStriking and Locked Out Workers Healthcare Protection Act,\u201d to prevent employers from cutting striking workers' health benefits, a practice criticized by the union as a tactic to force unfair deals. While the UAW members in Oshkosh have strike assistance, the bill aims to support all striking workers, as seen in recent examples like nurses at UnityPoint Health-Meriter Hospital facing health insurance threats."], ["20250605", "Brown-Forman Corp., the maker of Jack Daniel's, reported a significant sales decline, with full-year net sales down 5% and fourth-quarter sales falling 7%, alongside a 45% plunge in fourth-quarter net income. The company attributes these struggles to global trade conflicts, particularly President Trump's tariffs, and pinched consumer spending leading to unusual purchasing behaviors, such as consumers buying smaller spirit sizes. CEO Lawson Whiting anticipates another challenging year for fiscal 2025 due to continued consumer uncertainty and the potential impact of new tariffs, while also announcing a forthcoming Jack Daniel\u2019s Tennessee Blackberry product and workforce reductions for cost savings."], ["20250605", "Procter & Gamble announced plans to cut 7,000 jobs over the next two years and exit some product categories and brands due to an uncertain spending environment and U.S. tariffs. The restructuring aims to simplify the organizational structure, with P&G expecting to incur charges of $1 billion to $1.6 billion before tax. The company indicated this is an acceleration of its existing strategy to navigate a challenging market."], ["20250605", "A public feud between President Donald Trump and billionaire Elon Musk erupted, leading to significant drops in the stock values of Tesla (TSLA.O) and Trump Media & Technology Group Corp (DJT.O). Trump threatened to cancel government contracts with Musk's companies, causing Tesla's stock to fall 14.3% and losing $150 billion in market value, while DJT was down 8.04%. Analysts suggest the dispute, seen as a \"jaw-dropping\" reversal of their previous alliance, could impact Tesla's regulatory environment and the broader market."], ["20250605", "Oregon lawmakers have passed House Bill 3546, a new law that mandates data centers and cryptocurrency miners to cover the full cost of their electricity demands, including new generating plants and transmission lines. This legislation aims to protect consumers and other industries from rising energy rates, as data centers currently consume 11% of Oregon's electricity with projected doubling by the decade's end. The bill grants the Public Utility Commission explicit authority to ensure these large energy users bear infrastructure costs, with the governor indicating intent to sign it."], ["20250605", "Procter & Gamble plans to cut up to 7,000 jobs, or approximately 6% of its global workforce, over the next two years due to economic anxieties among consumers and rising tariff-related costs. The move is part of a broader restructuring program that also includes ending sales of some products in certain markets. The company, like many others, is grappling with cautious consumer spending as American consumers worry about inflation and the potential impact of tariffs."], ["20250605", "A substantial division among major automakers, particularly regarding General Motors' stance, is preventing their primary lobbying group, the Alliance for Automotive Innovation, from forming a unified position on a Republican-backed megabill. This bill proposes significant rollbacks to electric vehicle and manufacturing tax credits, which other automakers like Ford and Volkswagen argue would severely impact their U.S. operations and competitiveness. GM, however, supports the proposed new restrictions on clean energy tax credits, believing its supply chain is positioned to comply and potentially gain a competitive advantage."], ["20250605", "Kimberly-Clark is reportedly close to selling its Kleenex and tissue businesses outside North America to Brazilian pulpmaker Suzano for approximately $3.5 billion. This potential deal comes as Kimberly-Clark undertakes a restructuring and faces increased costs due to U.S. trade tariffs. The international tissue business generates an annual EBITDA of about $500 million."], ["20250605", "A joint venture led by AECOM Hunt and Turner Construction, named Trinity Alliance JV, has been selected for the first phase of the $3.7 billion Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center project in Dallas. The project will expand the current convention center to over 2 million square feet and transform downtown Dallas with new entertainment venues, restaurants, and a multimodal transit center. The venue will also serve as the International Broadcast Center for the 2026 FIFA men\u2019s soccer World Cup."], ["20250604", "GlobalFoundries (GF) has committed an additional $3 billion investment to enhance semiconductor manufacturing at its New York and Vermont facilities, increasing its total US investment to $16 billion. This expansion supports advanced R&D in packaging innovation, silicon photonics, and gallium nitride technologies, with collaborations including major companies like Apple, AMD, and Qualcomm. The investment is partly supported by $1.5 billion from the CHIPS and Science Act funding and New York State Green CHIPS Program, aiming to strengthen domestic semiconductor supply chains despite former President Trump's past criticisms of the CHIPS Act."], ["20250604", "A Kansas judge has issued a temporary restraining order against CoreCivic, preventing the company from housing ICE detainees at its Leavenworth facility without a special use permit. The ruling is part of a lengthy legal battle between CoreCivic and the City of Leavenworth, which argues CoreCivic should not be exempt from current zoning regulations after its facility stopped housing inmates in 2021. CoreCivic maintains its grandfathered status and that the facility never required a special use permit."], ["20250604", "The article discusses CPSL, the Calamos Laddered S&P 500\u00ae Structured Alt Protection ETF, as a strategy for financial advisors navigating an uncertain U.S. economic outlook in 2025. CPSL aims to provide 100% downside protection over its outcome periods while offering capped equity upside, making it suitable for both offensive and defensive portfolio plays amid market volatility stemming from potential tax cuts and tariff negotiations."], ["20250604", "GlobalFoundries (GF) announced a $16 billion investment to expand its semiconductor manufacturing and advanced packaging capabilities across its facilities in New York and Vermont. This strategic investment is backed by major tech companies like Apple, SpaceX, AMD, Qualcomm, NXP, and GM, and aims to reshore essential chip manufacturing to the U.S., accelerating innovation in AI-enabling and power-efficient technologies. The investment supports the explosive growth in AI and strengthens the domestic semiconductor supply chain and leadership."], ["20250604", "The article discusses the Calamos Laddered S&P 500\u00ae Structured Alt Protection ETF (CPSL) as a strategy for financial advisors navigating an uncertain U.S. economic outlook in mid-2025. CPSL aims to provide 100% downside protection while offering capped equity upside through its fund-of-funds structure, which allocates across 12 monthly Calamos S&P 500\u00ae Structured Alt Protection ETFs\u00ae. This approach positions CPSL as a potentially effective tool for both offensive and defensive portfolio plays amid market volatility driven by tax cuts and tariff discussions."], ["20250603", "This article discusses \"transformation fatigue\" in corporate tax departments, a common issue stemming from the rapid digital transformation and continuous introduction of new technologies like generative AI. It highlights how this fatigue can lead to disengagement and stalled projects, emphasizing the need for intentional leadership strategies. The article provides actionable advice for tax leaders to manage change effectively, such as clear communication, celebrating small wins, providing ample training, setting realistic expectations, and fostering a culture of continuous improvement and trust."], ["20250603", "Steel Dynamics Inc. (NASDAQ: STLD) saw its shares climb over 10% following President Trump's announcement to double tariffs on imported steel and aluminum to 50%. This move is expected to benefit domestic steel manufacturers by allowing them to increase prices and expand margins as cheaper imports are squeezed out of the market. The article highlights Steel Dynamics' strong financial fundamentals, recent plant expansions, and analyst upgrades, positioning it as a top beneficiary of the new tariff regime despite potential economic headwinds."], ["20250603", "Michigan's Attorney General Dana Nessel plans to intervene in Consumers Energy's proposed $436 million annual rate hike, calling it a \"troubling continuation of patterns\" by the state's largest electric companies. This action follows protests against similar rate increase requests from DTE Energy, with advocacy groups and a state lawmaker highlighting high energy bills and reliability issues for Michigan residents. Nessel criticized both companies for including \"inappropriate costs\" in their rate hike requests and emphasized the need for scrutiny before further increases are approved."], ["20250603", "The Rhode Island Senate is set to vote on two bills: one to expand the state's sports betting industry by allowing more vendors to compete with IGT and another to impose stricter penalties on underage online gambling. While the sports betting expansion aims to increase competition and offerings following the expiration of IGT's exclusive contract in late 2026, the underage gambling bill seeks to enforce age restrictions on mobile casinos managed by Bally's Corp, with both initiatives facing varying levels of support and hurdles in the House."], ["20250603", "The upcoming Trump administration is set to dismantle Biden-era policies, such as the Inflation Reduction Act and the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, which have supported pro-worker reforms and union growth. A prime example is the Blue Bird Corp. school bus plant in Fort Valley, Georgia, where federal grants tied to worker-friendly policies helped 1,500 union employees secure better conditions and enabled the company to thrive through significant contracts and grants for electric buses. Observers warn that reversing these policies could abruptly halt successful programs that have improved workers' lives and boosted companies' bottom lines."], ["20250603", "Kevin Hassett, a top economic official for President Donald Trump, has disclosed a stake in Coinbase Global Inc. worth at least $1 million, stemming from his advisory work for the crypto exchange. His vested stock in Coinbase could be valued up to $5 million, contributing to his reported total assets of at least $7.6 million. This information was revealed in his financial disclosure document."], ["20250603", "PSE&G is implementing a Summer Relief Initiative to protect residential electric customers from higher costs, including a summer moratorium on disconnections and suspension of reconnection fees. This initiative addresses a significant electric supply price increase on June 1, resulting from a record-setting electric supply auction. The company is also seeking BPU approval to defer the effects of the supply increase over the summer months and is working towards long-term solutions for the region's supply and demand imbalance."], ["20250603", "This article covers several key business happenings, including Williams-Sonoma's acquisition of Dormify and the legal challenges facing Trump's tariffs, which have also impacted real estate and metal prices. Other significant news includes Lutron's acquisition of Orluna, Seldens Designer Home Furnishings acquiring Schoenfeld Interiors, and new collections and collaborations in the design world. The piece also highlights the growing popularity of bidets in the U.S. and Zillow's evolution into a major entertainment platform."], ["20250602", "A new state law in California has revealed that 79 jurisdictions have paid $831.6 million in sales tax revenue to various companies, including giants like Apple and Walmart, over more than three decades. These tax-sharing agreements, some dating back to the 1990s, are designed to incentivize companies to locate within a jurisdiction or attribute online sales to local offices/warehouses. Apple is the largest recipient, having received $64.7 million since 2013 from Cupertino under its current agreement, with total payments nearing $120 million since 1998, prompting ongoing disputes between the state tax department and several cities over these deals."], ["20250602", "Dan Batrack, CEO and Chair of Tetra Tech Inc., has significantly grown the company's annual revenue to $5.2 billion and its global employee count to 27,000 during his tenure since 2005. Despite impressive contract wins leading to a record $5.4 billion project backlog, the company experienced a $1.1 billion loss from this backlog due to the Trump administration's shutdown of the U.S. Agency for International Development, Tetra Tech's largest client. Batrack has been recognized on the LA500 list for eight years."], ["20250602", "Synopsys has suspended all sales to China due to new trade restrictions from the Trump administration, impacting a market that accounts for about 10% of its revenues. Concurrently, the Federal Trade Commission has conditionally approved Synopsys' $35 billion acquisition of Ansys, requiring divestment of certain assets\u2014specifically optical software tools, photonic software tools, and power consumption analysis tools\u2014to Keysight Technologies due to anticompetitive concerns. This follows similar regulatory hurdles in the European Union, while the China sales suspension may complicate the Ansys acquisition's approval in China."], ["20250602", "U.S. renewable diesel production capacity has significantly increased since 2020, but future production is expected to fall short of capacity unless federal policy support is expanded. The article discusses why previous policies like the RFS and tax credits led to high production rates and explores why projected consumption for 2025 is still above the RFS mandate, leading to the conclusion that a significant expansion of the biomass-based diesel mandate in the RFS is likely."], ["20250602", "The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) has canceled $3.7 billion in awards from its Office of Clean Energy Demonstrations, primarily impacting carbon capture and decarbonization projects. Companies like Calpine, PPL Corp., \u00d8rsted, and Exxon Mobil are affected, with Calpine alone losing $540 million for two carbon capture projects. The DOE stated that the canceled projects \"failed to advance the energy needs of the American people, were not economically viable and would not generate a positive return on investment of taxpayer dollars,\" a decision criticized by industry groups as a setback for carbon management technologies."], ["20250602", "A Florida-based insurance company, Slide Insurance Co., paid its husband-and-wife CEO and COO over $50 million in total compensation in 2023 and 2024, sparking outrage given Florida's high insurance premiums and vulnerability to hurricanes. Critics, including the Consumer Federation of America, called the compensation \"grotesque,\" especially since much of Slide's growth came from policies transferred from the state-backed insurer of last resort, Citizens Property Insurance Corp. The situation has intensified calls for insurance reform and greater transparency in executive pay within the Florida insurance market."], ["20250602", "GM CEO Mary Barra stated that the company \"could have done better\" in its interactions with the Trump administration regarding tariffs and North American manufacturing. She highlighted lessons learned from past conversations, especially during the USMCA negotiations in 2018, and noted that GM is now making production changes to strengthen U.S. manufacturing and reduce tariff costs. Barra emphasized the importance of ongoing dialogue with the administration to ensure they understand the auto industry's dynamics."], ["20250602", "New York's utility regulator has proposed a revenue increase for Consolidated Edison that is 80% lower than the utility's original request, prompting concerns over rising consumer power bills. The Public Service Commission staff recommended a $319 million increase, significantly less than Con Ed's desired amount, and a lower return on equity. This recommendation comes amidst growing pressure on utilities regarding electricity rates, though it is only a staff proposal and subject to further negotiation."], ["20250602", "Algoma Steel's CEO, Michael Garcia, has stated that new 50% tariffs on Canadian steel imports by the U.S. threaten the viability of the company's American business, as the existing 25% tariff has already significantly reduced its U.S. revenue. He indicated that steel prices would need to double to make operations commercially viable under the increased tariff. The company is also facing challenges in the Canadian market due to foreign steel dumping, but remains hopeful for trade breakthroughs and long-term growth through domestic demand and new technology."], ["20250602", "Sweden's gambling regulator has fined Flutter Entertainment's PokerStars operator, TSG Interactive PLC, SEK 7 million ($734,000) for significant anti-money laundering (AML) failures. The Swedish Gambling Authority (SGA) found that TSG failed to collect adequate source of funds information for 10 high-risk customers, with some being young individuals depositing large sums. Flutter and PokerStars have not yet commented on the fine."], ["20250602", "Steel stocks Cleveland-Cliffs, Steel Dynamics, and Nucor Corp surged today after President Trump announced plans to double steel and aluminum tariffs from 25% to 50%. While the tariffs are expected to benefit U.S. steel producers, questions remain about the long-term sustainability of the 50% tariff level, especially given potential countermeasures from the European Union. Investors are advised to consider less-leveraged companies like Nucor and Steel Dynamics over Cleveland-Cliffs due to its higher leverage and recent underperformance."], ["20250602", "Teva Pharmaceuticals' decision to lay off 2,400 employees, amidst its struggle to balance generics and branded pharmaceuticals, highlights a core dysfunction in the drug market. The article argues that the current system disproportionately rewards expensive branded medications, largely due to the rebate-driven practices of Pharmacy Benefit Managers (PBMs), rather than promoting the cost-saving potential of generics and biosimilars. This situation, leading to Teva's restructuring and similar actions by other pharma companies, necessitates a reevaluation of how innovation is rewarded, costs are controlled, and distribution is structured in the pharmaceutical industry to ensure sustainability and affordability."], ["20250601", "This article reports that U.S. regulators are reportedly preparing to ease bank leverage rules. This move would represent a significant rollback of regulations that were implemented after the 2008 financial crisis. The changes could impact how banks manage their capital and risk."], ["20250701", "Entergy Texas has filed an application with the Public Utility Commission of Texas for Phase I of its Texas Future Ready Resiliency Plan, aiming to bolster the power grid against extreme weather and improve service reliability. This multiyear proposal includes six key measures like hardening feeder lines, rebuilding transmission, and targeted vegetation management, with a total investment of $335 million. The company plans to seek federal and non-ERCOT grants to help finance these projects and minimize customer bill impacts."], ["20250630", "Kentucky ratepayers are covering millions of dollars in electricity fuel costs for the Nucor steel mill, a discount granted by Big Rivers Electric Corp. The arrangement, estimated at $11 million per year, is now under scrutiny by the Public Service Commission. Big Rivers argues the deal was necessary for economic development and that reversing it could lead to an emergency rate increase and negatively impact the utility's financial stability."], ["20250627", "The Thurston County Sheriff's Office has equipped its deputies with new Axon body cameras as part of a $4.91 million, 10-year contract with Axon Enterprise Inc. This upgrade aims to improve transparency, enhance law enforcement safety and efficiency, and streamline evidence management for victims and prosecutors. Despite some initial \"minor hiccups\" typical of such a large undertaking, the new system, including a \"Community Link\" for evidence uploads, is now operational."], ["20250624", "This page appears to be a profile or directory entry for Marvin Ellison within the Business Roundtable website. It lists various policy perspectives and corporate initiatives that the Business Roundtable is involved with, suggesting Ellison's potential connection to these areas. The content itself does not provide biographical details or specific statements from Ellison, but rather outlines the broader organizational framework."], ["20250617", "Hasbro has cut 3% of its global workforce, approximately 150 employees, as a cost-cutting measure due to higher U.S. tariffs on toys from China. The toy seller is accelerating efforts to diversify sourcing away from China and manage increased costs, which CEO Chris Cocks stated translate to higher consumer prices and reduced profits. This reduction follows previous job cuts in December 2023 and ongoing restructuring efforts."], ["20250617", "The article criticizes the Mississippi Public Service Commission (PSC) for being \"benched\" by the state's Governor and Legislature, allowing Entergy Mississippi to build data centers for Amazon with concessions that may lead to significant electricity rate increases for small customers. In contrast, Georgia's PSC has implemented rules to protect residential customers from similar costs associated with data center development. The author warns Mississippi legislators about potential voter backlash due to unchecked rate increases."], ["20250612", "Senator Markwayne Mullin (R-Okla.), a member of the Armed Services Committee, recently purchased shares in defense stock L3 Harris Technologies, raising concerns about potential conflicts of interest. Mullin also bought significant positions in several other stocks, including oil companies, while selling a large holding in the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust. These trades come amidst growing calls to ban members of Congress from trading individual stocks."], ["20250611", "Invesco's 2025 midyear investment outlook, titled \"The Global Reset,\" discusses the rapidly shifting global economic and political landscape, marked by trade reordering and political alliances. The article highlights continued uncertainty regarding tariff rates and interest rate changes but expresses confidence in the increasing attractiveness of non-US assets. It also explores various scenarios for the evolution of the trade war, including a base case of continued uncertainty, a downside of geopolitical breakdown, and an upside of policy and trade war reprieve."], ["20250611", "Cenovus Energy, a Canadian energy leader, has established its U.S. headquarters in Dublin, Ohio's Bridge Park, creating 120 new job opportunities. The company plans to occupy over 50,000 square feet of office space and aims to expand its U.S. presence over the next 5-10 years. This expansion is supported by an economic development agreement with the City of Dublin and JobsOhio, highlighting the city's appeal for attracting talent and fostering business growth."], ["20250611", "Churchill Downs, Inc. (CDI) has announced its intention to surrender its racing license for Fair Grounds Race Course & Slots in New Orleans, citing a Louisiana Supreme Court ruling that deemed Historical Horse Racing machines unconstitutional without local voter approval, adverse state legislation, and lack of legislative support. This decision, conveyed in a letter from CDI CEO Bill Carstanjen, follows stalled negotiations and perceived economic non-viability for the track. CDI has previously ceased racing operations in Illinois and Florida due to similar profitability issues."], ["20250610", "The U.S. House of Representatives unanimously passed the \"Tennessee Valley Authority Transparency Act of 2025,\" sponsored by Rep. Tim Burchett. This bill mandates that TVA hold all its meetings in public, with seven days' public notice, although exceptions are made for certain sensitive issues. While TVA states it already complies with open meeting laws and provides public engagement opportunities, the legislation aims to enhance transparency and accountability for the federal utility."], ["20250609", "Milam County, Texas, is anticipating a significant economic boost with the approval of tax incentive agreements for two major development projects. T1 Energy, Inc. plans an $850 million solar cell production facility expected to create up to 1,800 jobs, while SE DC DevCo, LLC will invest over $3 billion in a large-scale data center campus. These projects aim to bring high-quality, local employment opportunities to the county, helping it recover from previous industrial losses like the closure of the Alcoa aluminum plant."], ["20250609", "This article discusses the energy policy of incoming President Lee Jae-myung, focusing on the future of nuclear power in South Korea. It highlights the historical support for nuclear energy from past liberal presidents, its decline during the Moon Jae-in administration, and the global resurgence of nuclear power. The piece suggests that President Lee, despite his administration's emphasis on renewables, faces a critical test in adopting a pragmatic, market-oriented approach to energy that integrates both nuclear and renewable sources, moving beyond ideological divides for national interest."], ["20250608", "The election of President Lee Jae-myung raises questions about the future of KT CEO Kim Young-shub, who is perceived to have been appointed by the former impeached president. Industry officials are watching for potential government interference in KT's management, especially concerning Kim's re-appointment amidst past controversies and a shift in the company's largest shareholder from the National Pension Service to Hyundai Motor Group. Despite this, KT's strong financial performance under Kim could support his continued leadership."], ["20250606", "This June 2025 regulatory and legislative update covers several key issues affecting employers and benefit plans. It details the non-enforcement period for certain MHPAEA final rules, a ruling impacting employer shared responsibility penalties, and reminders about PCORI fees and communication accuracy in ERISA plans. Additionally, it highlights state-level changes including delays to Maryland's Paid Family Leave and the repeal of Missouri's earned sick leave law, as well as changes to Chicago's paid leave payout requirements and the ending of New York's COVID-19 Paid Emergency Leave Law."], ["20250605", "The White House is renegotiating CHIPS Act funding awards with semiconductor companies to secure more favorable terms. This move impacts companies in Arizona that have received funding, as the administration seeks to maximize the return on these investments. The article highlights that chip tariffs could delay some expansions, while other manufacturers continue to invest in Arizona."], ["20250604", "As the number of people in ICE detention facilities has increased by 20% since January, exceeding capacity, the government is actively seeking more space. Private prison companies like Geo Group and CoreCivic are expanding their bed capacity, while local police departments are increasing their involvement in immigration enforcement through programs like 287g. This expansion faces criticism from immigrant rights advocates concerned about conditions and the impact on community trust and resources."], ["20250603", "NEOS Investments offers two ETFs, QQQH and SPYH, designed to provide downside protection for equity portfolios while generating income, particularly beneficial in volatile markets. QQQH, tracking the Nasdaq-100, and SPYH, tracking the S&P 500, utilize put spread option collars to earn premiums and offer tax efficiencies through Section 1256 contracts and active tax-loss harvesting. These funds aim to complement existing core portfolio exposures by mitigating risk and providing steady distributions."], ["20250603", "The Argentine government has officially increased electricity tariffs by 2.82% and natural gas tariffs by an average of 6.45%, effective this month. These adjustments are tied to inflation and apply to users in the City of Buenos Aires and Greater Buenos Aires, as part of a policy to reduce subsidies and maintain the real remuneration of distributors. The increases were published in the Official Gazette and reflect the evolution of wholesale and consumer price indices."], ["20250602", "The Amite Solar Energy Center, a collaboration between DEMCO and NextEra Energy Resources, LLC, is now operational in Tangipahoa Parish, Louisiana. This marks NextEra Energy Resources' first utility-scale energy facility in the state, providing 100 megawatts of energy to thousands of Louisiana homes and businesses. The project generated 200 construction jobs and is expected to contribute $16 million in tax revenue to Tangipahoa Parish over the next 30 years."], ["20250602", "Ann Arbor is actively pushing DTE Energy for lower rates, improved infrastructure, and carbon neutrality. The city regularly intervenes in DTE Electric's rate hike requests and advocated for the preservation of a fixed-price option in DTE's green energy program, MIGreenPower. These efforts are part of Ann Arbor's broader sustainability goals and aim to protect ratepayers while encouraging DTE to invest more responsibly in its grid."], ["20250701", "President Donald Trump has nominated four individuals to the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) board after dismissing three of Joe Biden's previously appointed members. The TVA, the largest public utility in the U.S., has been operating without a quorum, limiting its ability to undertake new initiatives. Trump's nominations aim to re-establish a functional board, particularly to advance his agenda of boosting nuclear power and re-evaluating the retirement of coal plants."], ["20250701", "The Schreiber family, prominent British property tycoons, are accused of avoiding millions in local business taxes through religious exemptions by declaring vacant properties as places of worship. Their Discovery Park property, which houses Elbit Systems\u2019 subsidiary Instro Precision Ltd., has been repeatedly targeted by activist groups like Palestine Action due to alleged links between the family's holdings and the defense company. The family's network of over 300 companies operates largely from a modest address in North London."], ["20250701", "Michigan activist groups have launched a ballot initiative to ban political contributions from DTE Energy, Consumers Energy, and other companies doing business with the state. This move follows years of poor reliability from utilities and high electricity prices for Michigan customers, aiming to curb corporate influence in politics and improve accountability. The proposed measure would ban contributions from regulated monopolies and companies with over $250,000 in government contracts, requiring 357,000 signatures to get on the 2026 ballot."], ["20250630", "State utility regulators are calling on the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) to limit or eliminate a 0.5% return on equity (ROE) incentive given to utilities participating in regional transmission organizations (RTOs). They argue that this incentive unnecessarily adds millions to ratepayer costs for behavior utilities would likely undertake anyway. Utilities, however, warn that removing the incentive would significantly reduce their income and could discourage investment in transmission infrastructure."], ["20250627", "Oregon lawmakers have passed House Bill 3792, which will double the funding for the Oregon Energy Assistance Program from $20 million to $40 million annually. This increased funding aims to help low-income residents pay their electric bills and prevent disconnections, especially as federal energy assistance programs face potential cuts. The bill addresses rising utility costs and a significant number of disconnections seen in previous years, providing a crucial safety net for vulnerable households."], ["20250627", "A group of California Democrats is proposing new legislation to reform the state's gasoline standards and streamline permitting for oil refineries. This move aims to prevent further refinery shutdowns, which have contributed to rising fuel costs for drivers. The bill, which has passed the Senate and is moving through the Assembly, would require a transition to less stringent gasoline specifications and offer a \"one-stop shop\" for permits to refiners who commit to maintaining affordable fuel prices."], ["20250627", "Bank of America's Michael Hartnett warns of an increasing risk of a speculative stock-market bubble. This risk is driven by expectations of US interest-rate cuts leading to massive investment flows into equities, alongside decreasing concerns about trade wars and geopolitics. Additionally, investors are anticipating potential tax cuts under President Donald Trump."], ["20250627", "International biotechnology company Genmab has expanded its presence at the Princeton Forrestal Innovation Park in Plainsboro, making its US headquarters a total of 270,000 square feet. The company, which specializes in cancer antibody therapeutics, now employs over 1,000 people in New Jersey, drawn by the state's talent pool and life sciences ecosystem. Genmab received up to $8.4 million in tax credits over seven years to support its expansion, which included a $32.6 million investment in renovating new office space."], ["20250626", "Nevada, Texas, and Oklahoma are actively working to attract business incorporations, posing a challenge to Delaware's long-standing dominance as the corporate capital. These states are implementing legal changes, such as establishing dedicated business courts and enacting corporation-friendly laws, to entice companies. This movement, dubbed \"Dexit\" by some, has prompted Delaware to respond with its own legislative changes to protect its revenue from corporate franchise taxes and maintain its status."], ["20250626", "U.S. steel imports increased by nearly 20 percent in May compared to April, reaching over 2.48 million tons, despite existing tariffs. However, year-to-date imports remain down compared to 2024. The United Steelworkers (USW) union and its European counterpart are advocating for stricter trade policies to address nonmarket economic competition and ensure fair practices in global supply chains."], ["20250626", "The Florida House and Senate are in agreement on funding for the Statewide Law Enforcement Radio System (SLERS) in their latest budget offers, a departure from previous years' disputes. Both chambers propose around $7.74 million for the program, including funds for maintenance and insurance of SLERS towers. This consensus comes after past controversies, including a high-profile procurement battle where L3Harris eventually secured the contract following legal challenges with Motorola Solutions."], ["20250626", "Three major mining companies operating in Manitoba\u2014Vale Base Metals, Hudbay Minerals Inc., and Alamos Gold Inc.\u2014have collectively donated C$1.25 million to the Canadian Red Cross. This significant contribution aims to support emergency relief and long-term rebuilding efforts for communities affected by devastating wildfires across northern Manitoba, including financial, mental health, and community resilience support. The donation underscores the companies' commitment to the region and its residents, many of whom are their employees."], ["20250626", "The California Attorney General is expected to declare daily fantasy sports (DFS) as illegal gambling under existing state law. This comes as DraftKings faces a class-action lawsuit in California alleging deceptive and illegal DFS operations. Additionally, a federal judge has ruled that a lawsuit against the sweepstakes gaming site Stake.us must proceed through private arbitration rather than a courtroom trial."], ["20250626", "Canadian steel producers warn that the government's current plan to restrict foreign steel imports is insufficient, risking thousands more job losses due to existing US tariffs. Prime Minister Mark Carney's administration introduced a tariff-rate quota and may adjust tariffs on US steel products, depending on ongoing trade negotiations. The industry is urging stronger measures to protect domestic jobs."], ["20250626", "Aeralis is developing an Advanced Jet Trainer (AJT) for the Royal Navy and RAF, which could create over 900 jobs in the Gosport area. This reconfigurable aircraft is designed to replace BAE Systems\u2019 Hawk T1 and T2, serving primarily for advanced pilot training but also adaptable for aerobatics and maritime operations from aircraft carriers. Production will involve Hamble Aerostructures and StandardAero in Gosport, with strong local support highlighting its potential economic and defense benefits."], ["20250626", "A fired FirstEnergy lobbyist has reportedly testified in a scandal probe, indicating new developments in the ongoing investigation. The nature of their testimony or the specific scandal is not detailed in the provided content, but it signifies a continuation of legal proceedings involving the energy company."], ["20250625", "The National Powersports Dealer Association (NPDA) and Harley-Davidson have collaborated to advocate for a motorcycle interest deduction in a federal tax bill. This joint effort involves presenting a position paper to congressional leaders and the Motorcycle Caucus on Capitol Hill. The deduction, which has already passed the House but faces potential removal by the Senate, aims to benefit manufacturers, dealers, and community businesses."], ["20250624", "Elon's town council has authorized a $3 million offer to Laboratory Corporation of America for a 6-acre property at 112 Orange Drive. This site is envisioned as a future location for a new police department and municipal building, addressing the current facility's inadequacy. The council's decision followed a closed session and is part of ongoing efforts to expand municipal space."], ["20250624", "The Investment Committee convened to discuss their \"Calls of the Day,\" focusing on several prominent companies. The article lists Heico, Leidos, Howmet, Snowflake, Electronic Arts, GE Vernova, and EQT as the companies under debate. The discussion provides insights from the committee regarding these firms."], ["20250623", "Prudential plc is strengthening its commitment to the Indian market, seeing it as a core strategic region. The company's CEO, Anil Wadhwani, met with India's Finance Minister to discuss plans to enhance health access, aligning with the \"Insurance for All by 2047\" initiative. Prudential is also expanding its operational footprint with a new Global Capability Centre in Bengaluru, focusing on technology and innovation."], ["20250623", "Kentucky's largest school district, JCPS, may relocate to the old Yum! Brands, Inc. corporate offices. Yum! Brands has offered to donate its Louisville campus on Gardiner Lane to the school system. This move could provide a new facility for the large school district."], ["20250623", "Major insurers and industry groups have agreed to address issues with prior authorization, a process often criticized for delaying or denying medical treatments. This voluntary agreement, announced by HHS officials, aims to increase transparency, reduce the number of services requiring prior authorization, and standardize electronic submissions. Despite the pledge, HHS acknowledges that additional regulatory action may be necessary if the industry's self-correction proves insufficient, echoing past unfulfilled commitments."], ["20250623", "Entergy Arkansas has provided a $2,500 grant to Arkansas State University-Beebe's Vanguard Discovery Camp, supporting STEAM education for young students. Entergy representatives engaged with campers, offering a presentation on electricity. This collaboration aims to foster curiosity and hands-on learning in science, technology, engineering, art, and math."], ["20250622", "This article summarizes key business and investing stories from the week of June 22. Canada plans to limit foreign steel imports and adjust countertariffs on U.S. steel and aluminum. DHL has suspended operations in Canada due to a labor dispute, and Canada Post reached a deal with its second-largest union but not its primary one. Canada's population growth has slowed significantly due to tighter immigration policies."], ["20250622", "A U.S. District Court has granted final approval to a $398 million settlement fund in a class action lawsuit against several U.S. chicken processors. The lawsuit alleged that these companies conspired to fix and depress employee wages, with attorneys awarded $132 million in fees. This represents the second-largest recovery in a national wage-fixing case and the largest financial recovery for an antitrust class action in the Fourth Circuit."], ["20250620", "Bayada Home Health Care announced layoffs impacting 10% of its headquarters staff, totaling about 100 jobs, due to a challenging reimbursement environment where care costs are outpacing payments from government and insurance companies. This move by a large and diversified company like Bayada signals a grim outlook for the home-based care industry, suggesting that other providers with fewer resources may face even tougher decisions amid ongoing reimbursement cuts from Medicare fee-for-service, lower Medicare Advantage rates, and potential Medicaid reductions. The article urges other providers to use Bayada's situation in their advocacy efforts to highlight the human toll of these financial pressures."], ["20250620", "This article covers three main topics in Montana: a new ballot proposal aiming to limit corporate campaign spending, an investigation by the state into Lee Enterprises following a cyberattack that may have compromised Montanans' personal information, and a significant increase in state park visitation over the last decade. The campaign finance initiative seeks to ban corporate donations to political campaigns, while the data breach affected nearly 40,000 newspaper employees and subscribers. State park attendance has almost doubled in ten years, with Giant Springs leading in visitors."], ["20250620", "Vice President JD Vance is expected to visit Los Angeles amidst ongoing immigration enforcement actions by the Trump administration. His visit includes touring a Federal Joint Operations Center and Mobile Command Center, meeting with leadership and Marines, and delivering remarks likely critical of California's \"sanctuary\" policies. This visit follows a controversial incident involving the brief detention of U.S. Senator Alex Padilla during Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem's recent visit."], ["20250620", "Semiconductor stocks declined on a report that the U.S. is considering terminating waivers that allow global chipmakers like Samsung, SK Hynix, and Taiwan Semiconductor to send American technology to their factories in China. This move comes amid ongoing trade tensions between the U.S. and China, particularly concerning chip controls. Nvidia, for example, previously stated that export restrictions on its China-bound AI chips significantly impacted sales."], ["20250620", "This article defines a recession as a significant and prolonged decline in economic activity, rather than merely two consecutive quarters of falling GDP. It explores various causes, including declining consumer confidence, high interest rates, financial instability, external shocks, high inflation, and global economic conditions. The article also discusses how policymakers use fiscal and monetary tools to combat recessions and advises investors on strategies like diversification and maintaining a disciplined investment approach during such periods."], ["20250619", "ICE has partnered with CoreCivic to convert a former state prison in California City into California's largest migrant detention center, with initial funding of $10 million for a six-month period. This expansion defies a 2019 California law banning private detention facilities, which a federal court deemed unconstitutional for federal contracts. The move is part of ICE's goal to increase nationwide detention capacity, generating concerns from advocates about conditions and the influence of for-profit prison companies."], ["20250618", "Ternium, a major steelmaker, is advocating for stronger \"rules of origin\" within the USMCA trade agreement during its upcoming review, despite facing steel tariffs imposed by the U.S. government. The company believes these stronger terms are necessary to protect the region from unfair trade practices, such as steel dumping by countries like China, and aims to boost its market share in Mexico. Analysts noted that while current U.S. tariffs have adverse effects, Ternium's management views them as beneficial for long-term globalization."], ["20250618", "Tariffs are causing major packaged food companies like Kraft Heinz and Campbells to hit new stock lows, impacting an industry reliant on steel for canning. The increased costs are passed on to consumers, further exacerbated by existing struggles against newer competition. This downturn is evident in various metrics, including declining earnings and key moving average crossovers, signaling considerable price weakness for these companies."], ["20250618", "Mali has commenced the construction of a large gold refinery near its capital, Bamako, with Russian backing. This project, a partnership between the Malian state, Russia's Yadran Group, and a Swiss investment company, aims to reclaim national control over Mali's mineral wealth and process up to 200 metric tons of gold annually, significantly boosting state revenues and curbing illicit trade. The initiative reflects a broader trend among resource-rich African nations to process minerals locally, with Mali's interim president, Colonel Assimi Go\u00efta, emphasizing its role in ending dependence on foreign refineries and addressing smuggling issues."], ["20250617", "This article by T. Rowe Price analyzes the policy risks in the U.S. health care sector, particularly with a new administration. It suggests that while policy uncertainty is high, the impacts on managed care, hospitals, and pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs) are likely to be less severe than initially feared. The author delves into specific policy proposals concerning ACA subsidies, Medicaid funding, site-neutral payments for hospitals, and PBM transparency, concluding that many anticipated drastic changes have not materialized or are less impactful."], ["20250617", "Imperial County officials and state leaders are collaborating to accelerate the permitting process for energy projects, particularly geothermal and lithium developments, in the region. A panel at the Imperial Valley Economic Development Corp.\u2019s Economic and Energy Summit discussed efforts like Assembly Bill 1016 to empower local authorities and the county's \"development concierge program\" to streamline complex regulations. The goal is to establish a unique energy, mineral, and manufacturing ecosystem in the Lithium Valley by fostering a business-friendly environment and leveraging a comprehensive environmental review plan."], ["20250617", "The DICK'S Sporting Goods Foundation and LISC have opened applications for the third round of their Game On-Community Places to Play Initiative. This program offers grants between $50,000 and $100,000 to non-profit organizations for improving sports facilities and integrating youth development programming in underserved communities across ten major U.S. metropolitan areas. The initiative builds on past success, having already deployed nearly $3 million to fund 35 sports facilities."], ["20250616", "Shares of U.S. solar energy companies dropped significantly in extended trading after a U.S. Senate Finance Committee proposal outlined phasing out solar, wind, and energy tax credits by 2028. This move, part of changes to President Donald Trump's tax-cut bill, would extend tax credits for hydro, nuclear, and geothermal power instead, impacting companies like Enphase Energy, Sunrun, SolarEdge Technologies, and First Solar. The potential policy shift comes at a time of already weak U.S. residential solar demand due to high interest rates and changes in California's net metering policies."], ["20250614", "Argentine President Javier Milei met with executives from major international and Spanish companies like Banco Santander, BBVA, and Naturgy in Madrid. He presented his government's economic direction, emphasizing structural reforms, market freedom, legal security, and investment attraction. Milei stated that Argentina is entering a new era of economic recovery based on strict respect for private property and fiscal balance."], ["20250614", "The Coca-Cola bottler Andina is accused by the National Federation of Coca-Cola Peonetas Unions (FENASIPEC) of orchestrating illegal dismissals and union persecution following the closure of its transportation company, RETCO. Union leaders claim the closure was a strategy to dismantle union organizations, disguised as a loss of a tender, and that workers were pressured to sign severance agreements without legal recourse. The Direcci\u00f3n del Trabajo is reportedly preparing a lawsuit to demand reincorporation and owed wages for affected union members."], ["20250612", "Howard County Executive Calvin Ball broke ground on the county's first Veterans and Military Family monument at Vivian C. \u201cMillie\u201d Bailey Park. The monument, funded by the Howard County Veterans Foundation and county contributions, will feature a sculpture with three symbolic stars and is expected to open in early 2026. This project honors the 20,000 veterans residing in Howard County and military families, symbolizing their service and sacrifice."], ["20250612", "The White House Office of Management and Budget (OMB) has concluded its review of two rules related to the Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS). The article states this update without providing further details on the content or implications of these rules. Other recent news in the biofuels industry includes RINs generation figures, new SRE petitions, lignin valorization research, and Farm Bill provisions affecting bioenergy."], ["20250612", "Top executives from Bank of America, Fifth Third Bancorp, and U.S. Bancorp have expressed openness to working with stablecoins, citing a more crypto-friendly regulatory environment in Washington. This shift is driven by bipartisan legislative efforts, such as the GENIUS Act and the STABLE Act, aimed at creating a clear regulatory framework for digital assets. Banks like Bank of America are exploring stablecoins for transactions and efficiency, with some fearing a \"major migration of deposits\" if the industry doesn't adapt."], ["20250611", "President Donald Trump has fired Beth Geer from the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) Board of Directors, making her the third Biden appointee dismissed by Trump this year. This action leaves the TVA board with only three members, preventing it from having the necessary five-member quorum to vote on new programs and changes. The lack of a quorum could impact TVA's future decisions, including its significant small modular reactor project."], ["20250611", "The National Fuel Gas Company Foundation has approved $245,000 in grants to over 50 community nonprofits across its service territory in New York and Pennsylvania. These grants support various initiatives reflecting the Foundation's pillars, including community enrichment, safety, education, environmental stewardship, and veterans' services. Funding will benefit youth programs, environmental education, and organizations nominated by employee resource groups, demonstrating National Fuel's commitment to community support."], ["20250611", "The article argues that the Senate's proposed changes to the 45Z clean fuel production tax credit amount to an unjustified giveaway to the conventional biofuels industry, costing billions and deterring innovation in truly clean fuels like sustainable aviation fuel (SAF). It suggests that the Senate should modify 45Z to incentivize only innovative clean fuels and preserve funding for critical tax credits like 45V for clean hydrogen, which is essential for developing low-carbon fuels and industrial processes. The authors contend that without these modifications, the U.S. risks falling behind in the global clean fuel market."], ["20250611", "Churchill Downs Inc. (CDI) is threatening to surrender its racing license at Fair Grounds Race Course & Slots in Louisiana due to financially detrimental changes in the state's gaming laws, specifically the unconstitutionality of historical horse racing (HHR) without voter approval. While CDI claims Fair Grounds is not financially viable without HHR, former owners dispute this, citing CDI's overall profitability. The situation highlights a conflict between CDI's business strategy, which relies heavily on gaming revenue, and the interests of Louisiana's horse racing industry."], ["20250611", "Heating, Air-conditioning & Refrigeration Distributors International (HARDI) reports a significant shift in the HVACR industry, with A2L refrigerant-based central ducted A/C and air-source heat pump systems accounting for 51% of sales in April 2025 and an estimated 60% in May. This rapid adoption, outpacing expectations, highlights the industry's embrace of lower-GWP refrigerants despite challenges like price volatility and supply shortages for R-454B. HARDI also criticized the EPA's installation date compliance rule, arguing it complicates the transition for distributors without added environmental benefit."], ["20250611", "The former Trout Museum of Art building in Appleton will be converted into \"Together for Families,\" a new family resource center. Plexus Corp. donated $375,000 towards the center's $8 million funding goal, which is now about halfway met. The center will feature an indoor nature-themed play space and offer services from various agencies, with construction slated to begin in the fall."], ["20250611", "Governor Greg Abbott met with Texas energy providers to discuss hurricane preparedness for the upcoming season, emphasizing the strength of Texas' power grid. Energy executives assured the Governor they are prepared to respond, highlighting investments in system resiliency, emergency plans, and increased deployment of emergency linemen. Governor Abbott reiterated the importance of effective and efficient restoration efforts to protect Texans during hurricane season."], ["20250610", "The City of Mansfield has approved an incentives deal and a site plan for its first Costco location. This move follows a city council vote and approval from the planning and zoning commission, indicating that the long-rumored development is progressing to become a reality. Costco's interest in Mansfield had been an \"open secret\" as it navigated city processes."], ["20250610", "John Wyskiel became the new president and CEO of Blue Bird in February 2025, taking the helm as the company approaches its 100th anniversary in 2027. Wyskiel, who previously worked for Blue Bird and Magna International, discusses the company's financial success, its wide range of powertrain options (diesel, gasoline, propane, electric), and its commitment to safety innovations like standard lap/shoulder seatbelts and driver airbags. He also highlights the positive impact of the EPA's Clean School Bus Program and emphasizes the need for a predictable regulatory environment for manufacturers."], ["20250610", "T1 Energy Inc. has received approval from the Milam County Commissioners Court for 30 years of property tax abatements. This incentive is for the development of a 113-acre manufacturing plant northeast of Austin, which local officials hope will replace jobs lost decades ago. The plant is expected to open towards the end of 2026."], ["20250610", "A Cedar Rapids homeowner, Gary Warner, is frustrated that Alliant Energy zeros out his solar power carry-over credits annually in April, with no compensation, totaling a loss of about $700. Alliant Energy states this practice is consistent with Iowa law, which requires systems to be sized for on-site use and mandates forfeiture of unused credits at the end of an annual period. The company advises customers to work with qualified installers to appropriately size their systems to avoid credit forfeiture and clarifies that forfeited credits help reduce overall purchased power costs for all customers."], ["20250610", "The Environmental Protection Agency has withdrawn a legal complaint against the GEO Group, a major donor to Donald Trump, concerning its alleged misuse of a harmful disinfectant, Halt, at an ICE facility. The complaint, filed under the Biden administration, alleged that GEO Group employees used the disinfectant without proper protection, despite its potential to cause irreversible eye damage and skin burns. Critics suggest the withdrawal may be due to political intervention given the GEO Group's financial ties to the Trump administration, while the company maintains it followed proper procedures."], ["20250610", "O governo de S\u00e3o Paulo planeja leil\u00f5es de concess\u00e3o de saneamento b\u00e1sico em 2026, com um investimento previsto de mais de R$ 20 bilh\u00f5es, para atender a 218 munic\u00edpios n\u00e3o cobertos pela Sabesp. A iniciativa, parte do programa UniversalizaSP, visa agrupar as cidades em blocos regionais para garantir viabilidade econ\u00f4mica e atrair a iniciativa privada. A meta \u00e9 universalizar o saneamento at\u00e9 2033 no estado, com a secret\u00e1ria Nat\u00e1lia Resende destacando a import\u00e2ncia da regula\u00e7\u00e3o robusta e do aporte de recursos estaduais para viabilizar projetos em regi\u00f5es menos atrativas."], ["20250609", "India is set to roll out its first indigenously produced semiconductor chips by mid-2025, marking a significant step towards self-reliance in technology. Union IT Minister Ashwini Vaishnaw confirmed that 28nm and 90nm nodes will begin production, a crucial development for India despite not being cutting-edge global technology. This initiative aims to establish India's credibility in chip manufacturing, foster a domestic supply chain for essential electronics, and reduce dependence on foreign imports and geopolitical risks."], ["20250609", "Apparel brands are increasingly vocal about the impact of tariffs and fluctuating consumer demand on their businesses, as highlighted in recent earnings reports. Major companies like Gap Inc., Abercrombie & Fitch, American Eagle Outfitters, and Lululemon are struggling with rising costs, supply chain diversification away from China, and declining consumer confidence, leading many to cut financial guidance for the year. In response, these brands are implementing mitigation strategies, including shifting sourcing, partnering with vendors, and selectively raising prices on certain products to offset the financial pressures."], ["20250607", "M\u00e1ximo Vedoya, CEO de Ternium, ha criticado el aumento del 25% al 50% en los aranceles al acero impuestos por el gobierno de Donald Trump, calific\u00e1ndolo de \"sin sentido\" y exigiendo su eliminaci\u00f3n. Vedoya acusa a China de ser la verdadera fuente de las distorsiones del mercado global, se\u00f1alando que su sobrecapacidad se basa en subsidios y violaciones a las leyes de comercio internacional. A pesar de la incertidumbre, Ternium reitera su compromiso con las inversiones en M\u00e9xico y la colaboraci\u00f3n con el gobierno mexicano para abordar estos desaf\u00edos comerciales."], ["20250606", "Early data from the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services indicates a 34% decline in opioid overdose deaths between 2023 and 2024, marking the third consecutive year of reduction. Attorney General Dana Nessel praised the state's efforts in prevention, treatment, recovery, and harm reduction, which are largely funded by over $1.6 billion in opioid settlements secured since 2019. These funds have supported initiatives like distributing over 1.3 million naloxone kits, used to reverse nearly 34,000 overdoses, positioning Michigan among the top 5 states for reducing opioid deaths."], ["20250606", "A group representing leading American Bitcoin mining companies, the Digital Power Network (DPN), has written to the Treasury Department and IRS requesting updated guidance on the taxation of Bitcoin mining rewards. They argue that the current IRS policy, based on 2014 guidance, results in unfair double taxation by classifying newly mined Bitcoin as gross income at creation, unlike other commodities which are taxed only upon sale. The DPN urges the IRS to align its policy with federal agencies and courts that recognize Bitcoin as a commodity, taxing it only at the point of sale."], ["20250606", "Small hotel owners and tourism companies in Los Angeles are protesting a new minimum wage hike for tourism workers, set to increase to $30 by the 2028 Olympics. They argue that the wage increase will force small businesses to close, lead to job losses, and necessitate changes to business models, such as reducing restaurant and valet services. An alliance of airlines and hotel groups is attempting to gather signatures for a referendum to overturn the ordinance, while proponents of the wage hike plan a counter-rally."], ["20250606", "Despite President Donald Trump's efforts to revive the coal industry, market realities are presenting significant challenges. The industry continues to face layoffs, bankruptcies among metallurgical coal producers, and low prices. This trend suggests ongoing turbulence for coal, as several companies are teetering on the brink."], ["20250605", "Gun sales-related background checks, as tracked by the NSSF, continued to decline in May 2025, reaching their lowest May level since 2019. This downturn aligns with a broader trend of sales returning to pre-pandemic levels, influenced by factors like Donald Trump's election reducing concerns about gun restrictions and consumer sentiment shifts due to tariffs. Despite the overall decline, an upcoming bill aiming to lower silencer taxes could potentially boost sales in that specific category."], ["20250605", "The California Air Resources Board (CARB) provided insights into the application of California's climate disclosure laws (SB 253 and 261) during a recent workshop. While CARB faces a July 1, 2025 deadline to issue regulations, it expects delays. Key clarifications were offered regarding the definitions of \"doing business in California,\" \"revenue,\" and \"parent-subsidiary relationship\" for compliance purposes, with CARB inviting ongoing stakeholder feedback."], ["20250605", "Aecom presented its first proposal for Emergency Protocols in Disaster Situations to the Public Ministry of Rio Grande do Sul (MPRS) on June 5, 2025. The initiative, which focuses on social assistance, communication, logistics, and health, aims to enhance the state's readiness for extreme climate events. The working group, active since November 2024, has gathered insights from professionals involved in past climate crises to inform these protocols, with further thematic meetings and final document approval planned."], ["20250605", "The Trump administration has officially increased tariffs on imported steel and aluminum to 50%, a move expected to raise costs on various consumer goods. Experts predict price hikes for products ranging from cars and sports equipment to beverages, canned goods, appliances, and even homes, as businesses typically pass tariff-related costs onto consumers. This policy aims to reduce reliance on foreign nations for metals but is forecasted to create financial strain on American consumers and industries."], ["20250605", "Madison Gas and Electric (MGE) has denied a request from Housing Initiatives, a nonprofit providing affordable housing for people with mental health challenges, for a unified electric meter for a new 16-unit development. The denial is based on a state Public Service Commission (PSC) regulation requiring individual meters for residential units built or renovated after 1980, despite arguments from the nonprofit and energy experts that MGE has the authority to grant an exemption. This decision poses significant cost and logistical challenges for Housing Initiatives, impacting their ability to provide stable housing and utilize solar energy."], ["20250605", "President Trump has doubled tariffs on most aluminum and steel imports to 50 percent, aiming to counter China's influence in global trade. While the economic impact on the U.S. may be limited, industries reliant on these metals will face higher costs and potential job losses. Canada, as a major supplier, is expected to be significantly affected, though the overall global economic impact is deemed relatively minor, with little direct effect on China due to existing tariffs."], ["20250605", "Fidelity National Financial (FNF), headquartered in Jacksonville, is seeking shareholder approval to change its corporate status from Delaware to Nevada. This move, dubbed \"Dexit,\" is driven by recent unfavorable court rulings in Delaware and Nevada's more favorable legal climate, despite FNF's headquarters remaining in Jacksonville. The company also notes that a significant portion of its operations (60% of employees, nearly double direct title open orders) are now in its Western region, primarily Las Vegas, and relocating corporate status would save them substantial Delaware franchise taxes."], ["20250604", "The Colorado Public Utilities Commission (PUC) explained its review process for Xcel Energy's proposed $155 million Mountain Energy Project to the Summit Board of County Commissioners. The project aims to address natural gas supply issues in several mountain counties, including two gas injection sites in Summit. The PUC's director, Rebecca White, detailed the roles of commissioners, trial staff, advisors, and intervenors, emphasizing that the process is like a courtroom proceeding and the case is currently in its early stages. The PUC will host three public comment opportunities, one in-person on June 25 in Frisco and two online on August 4, with a final decision expected in November."], ["20250604", "Fashion brands are currently navigating the impact of tariffs without significantly raising prices, opting instead to strategically absorb costs to avoid alienating customers who are already sensitive to price hikes. While some brands are increasing prices on new or seasonal items, many are maintaining prices on core products to preserve customer loyalty, despite potential impacts on profit margins. This cautious approach reflects earlier significant post-pandemic price increases and a current lack of pricing power in the market."], ["20250604", "The U.S. government has doubled tariffs on steel and aluminum imports to 50%, aiming to secure the domestic steel industry. However, economic experts warn that this move will likely increase costs for U.S. businesses and consumers, further disrupting global supply chains. Industries from canned goods to automobiles and construction are expected to face higher prices due to reliance on imports and potential strain on domestic supply."], ["20250604", "The article \"June 2025: Stablecoin Summer\" by Grayscale Research highlights a period of significant positive developments for stablecoins both fundamentally and legislatively. It discusses the passage of the GENIUS Act in the Senate, Circle's successful IPO, and increasing corporate interest in stablecoins from major companies like Amazon and Walmart. The piece also notes supportive macroeconomic policies and regulatory clarity driving strong performance in the Currencies and Financials Crypto Sectors and increasing activity in prediction markets like Polymarket."], ["20250604", "Provincial politicians grilled NS Power CEO Peter Gregg and other senior staff during a heated committee meeting regarding a recent ransomware attack that exposed personal and financial data of 280,000 customers. While NS Power is offering two years of credit monitoring, executives provided little new information and avoided committing to cover costs internally, citing an ongoing investigation and potential cybersecurity insurance coverage. The incident has led to a federal privacy commissioner investigation and a motion for the provincial auditor general to investigate."], ["20250604", "Dollar Tree Inc. has warned investors that its second-quarter profit could decrease by as much as 50% year-over-year due to tariff-related expenses, including 145% levies on certain products from China. The retailer anticipates that profits will \"re-accelerate\" during the latter half of the year after absorbing these initial costs."], ["20250603", "Former President Trump has doubled Section 232 tariffs on imported steel and aluminum to 50%, significantly increasing costs for American manufacturers, especially in the HVAC sector. This move has caused aluminum and steel prices to surge and is leading to widespread economic uncertainty, delaying capital expenditures, and raising concerns about domestic supply limitations and the impact on the construction industry. Manufacturers and unions are pressing for policy alternatives that would support domestic production without imposing such burdens, while international bodies issue warnings about global economic instability."], ["20250603", "Walmart is instructing its stores nationwide to identify workers whose work authorizations may be expiring and is terminating some employees in Florida and Texas. This action follows a Supreme Court ruling that allows the Trump administration to revoke protections for hundreds of thousands of migrants, impacting workers who are losing temporary legal residency."], ["20250603", "The Corning-Painted Post School District's revised $144.2 million budget for 2025-26 will go to a public vote on June 17 after the initial proposal was rejected. This new budget, which is $2.6 million less than the previous one, includes a 2.97% levy increase that stays within the state tax cap and requires only a simple majority to pass. A $1.8 million grant from Corning Inc. helped to reduce the tax rate and preserve academic programming and extracurricular activities."], ["20250603", "The North America fuel cell market, valued at USD 1.65 billion in 2024, is projected to reach USD 3.47 billion by 2033, growing at an 8.64% CAGR from 2025 to 2033. This growth is primarily driven by government incentives, expanding hydrogen infrastructure, and increasing adoption in stationary power and heavy-duty transportation applications. Key challenges include the high cost of hydrogen production and storage and limited public awareness."], ["20250603", "Dole Food Company has strengthened its Information and Wellbeing Centers (IWCs) in Costa Rica by signing new public-private agreements with Caja Costarricense de Seguro Social (CCSS) and Banco Popular. These partnerships aim to expand access to essential services like healthcare, education, and financial tools for agricultural workers, a program that has already benefited over 3,300 individuals since its launch in 2020. The initiative is recognized for its innovation and success in delivering vital public and private services directly to the workplace in rural areas."], ["20250603", "The West Virginia coal industry is experiencing significant layoffs, with Core Natural Resources and Coronado Global Resources reporting substantial net losses in Q1 2025 due to low metallurgical coal pricing. Despite efforts by U.S. Secretary of Energy Chris Wright and Governor Patrick Morrisey to support the industry through critical material designation and legislative action, the economic challenges persist, leading to job cuts across multiple counties. Governor Morrisey has expressed sadness over the layoffs and committed his administration to helping affected families find new employment."], ["20250603", "Hotel executives attending the NYU International Hospitality Investment Forum expressed cautious optimism for the remainder of 2025, despite a frustrating start to the year marked by policy uncertainty from the Trump administration. CoStar data showed overall revenue per available room (RevPAR) up 1.6% year-to-date, with major U.S. markets seeing growth, and panelists noted an increased discipline in transacting despite the prevailing uncertainty. While the industry anticipated more robust growth and interest rate cuts that have yet to materialize, leaders believe the market is functioning and that long-term fundamentals for travel remain strong."], ["20250603", "Brazil expects R$44 billion in new sanitation investments by the end of 2025 through 24 concessions and Public-Private Partnerships (PPPs). These projects are crucial to meeting the country's R$900 billion investment goal for universal sanitation services by 2033. Notable upcoming auctions include the Cesan PPP and the partial concession of Compesa, which alone could bring in R$18.9 billion."], ["20250603", "MGM Resorts International is increasing resort and parking fees at its Las Vegas properties for the second time this year, effective immediately. Resort fees will rise by $3 to $8 per day, depending on the property, with high-end resorts like Bellagio and Aria reaching $55 per day. The article also discusses the rising prevalence of resort fees, their purpose in offsetting costs and OTA commissions, and calls from lawmakers to eliminate such \"junk fees.\""], ["20250603", "Dr. Victoria Fielding argues that News Corp significantly influenced the recent Australian election, but not in its intended way. By promoting a hard-right, \"Trumpist\" political agenda within the Liberal and National parties, News Corp inadvertently contributed to a public backlash that led to Labor's victory. The article highlights News Corp's pervasive media influence and its deep entanglement in right-wing Australian politics, suggesting that its efforts to push a specific political ideology ultimately backfired with the electorate."], ["20250603", "Super Bowl LIX generated a stunning $1.25 billion in economic activity for Louisiana, making it the second most financially impactful Super Bowl of all time. The event supported nearly 10,000 jobs, generated significant tax revenue, and provided long-term exposure and business development opportunities for the state. This success was attributed to coordinated efforts by state and local officials, including significant infrastructure upgrades and innovative business outreach initiatives."], ["20250603", "Steel Dynamics (STLD) shares climbed over 10% following President Trump's announcement to double tariffs on imported steel and aluminum to 50%. The increased tariffs are expected to significantly benefit domestic steel manufacturers like Steel Dynamics, Nucor, and Cleveland-Cliffs, allowing them to raise prices and expand margins as cheaper imports exit the market. Steel Dynamics is particularly well-positioned due to new plant expansions and strong financial fundamentals compared to competitors."], ["20250603", "This article argues that a recent dip in gold prices presents a unique opportunity for investors to consider two high-dividend gold-related plays, paying up to 8.3%. It explains that a \"no-landing\" economy, combined with stimulative government policies and Fed actions aimed at curbing long-term rates while allowing for inflation, will fuel gold's rise. The author recommends the GAMCO Global Gold, Natural Resources & Income Trust (GGN) for income and Newmont Corp. (NEM) for dividend growth and price appreciation, highlighting their potential benefits in the current economic climate."], ["20250602", "The Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) is considering extending the operational life of its coal plants, despite previous plans to retire them by 2035 and replace them with gas generation. This shift comes after President Donald Trump signed executive orders aimed at reviving the coal industry. Critics argue that TVA's potential coal extensions undermine its rationale for building new gas plants and contradict its own stated imperative for coal plant closures by certain deadlines, particularly when cleaner energy alternatives like solar and battery projects are available."], ["20250602", "PG&E has expanded its Family Electric Rate Assistance (FERA) program, making over 150,000 additional customers eligible for an 18% discount on electric rates. This expansion now includes households with one or two people and applies to those earning up to $52,875 annually. The change is due to Senate Bill 1130, passed in 2024, which removed the household size requirement."], ["20250602", "Despite a lack of concern from convenience store executives, industry experts warn that new tariffs on imports could significantly increase operating costs and reduce store visits. The tariffs, particularly on Canadian oil and building materials like cement and steel, are expected to drive up gas prices and construction costs. Experts advise retailers to learn from past supply chain disruptions and collaborate closely with suppliers to prepare for potential impacts on pricing and customer traffic."], ["20250602", "The Supreme Court has agreed to hear a lawsuit from former U.S. Army Specialist Winston Hencely against defense contractor Fluor Corp. Hencely was severely injured in a 2016 suicide bombing in Afghanistan by an employee of a Fluor subcontractor, whom Fluor was contractually obligated to supervise but allegedly failed to do so. The case seeks to determine whether state tort claims against federal contractors are preempted by federal interests, a question on which federal circuit courts are currently split."], ["20250602", "The US is set to impose a 50% tariff on steel and aluminium imports, effective June 4, 2025, which threatens India's approximately $5 billion in annual engineering exports to the US. This move, doubling existing duties, raises significant concerns for Indian manufacturers, particularly in the steel and aluminium sectors, which are already struggling with international competition and low-cost imports. Indian trade bodies like the EEPC and AAI are urging the Indian government to seek similar exemptions granted to other countries during ongoing bilateral trade agreement negotiations with the US."], ["20250602", "PG&E is expanding eligibility for its Family Electric Rate Assistance (FERA) program, allowing an estimated 150,000 additional customers to receive an 18% discount on their electric rates. This change includes one- and two-person households, previously excluded, and is a result of California Senate Bill 1130. Customers are encouraged to check eligibility and apply for significant monthly savings, with PG&E's Senior Vice President, Customer Experience, Vincent Davis, highlighting the meaningful impact these expanded discounts can have."], ["20250602", "The Energy Department has canceled $3.7 billion in government support for clean energy projects, deeming them economically unviable and not a positive return on taxpayer investment. This includes a $331 million grant to Exxon Mobil Corp. for a hydrogen project and other significant awards to Eastman Chemical Co. and Calpine Corp. The cancellations follow an audit policy and an internal proposal to shut down the $27 billion clean energy office."], ["20250601", "Tariffs and expansionary fiscal policies have shifted the global bond landscape, leading to a weaker outlook for developed market sovereign bonds. However, this environment presents opportunities in corporate credit and select emerging market bonds, which are entering this period with improved credit quality and may offer diversification benefits. Higher inflation and slowing growth are expected to keep the Federal Reserve on hold, while other central banks might lower rates."], ["20250701", "Two Palestine Action protesters were arrested after blocking the entrance of an Elbit Systems UK site in Bristol, a defence company the group alleges manufactures weapons for the Israeli military. This incident occurred as a draft order was presented to Parliament to reclassify Palestine Action as a proscribed organisation, which would make membership or support a criminal offense. The group is seeking a legal challenge against this proposed ban."], ["20250630", "Evertec has launched its 2025 Scholarship Program, focusing on STEM scholarships for university students in Puerto Rico and Latin America. The program aims to support higher education in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, with eligible Puerto Rico residents able to receive up to $1,000 annually. Since 2015, Evertec has awarded over 1,300 scholarships totaling more than $1.5 million, emphasizing education as a foundation for regional progress."], ["20250630", "The UK government is implementing a new policy requiring all large food businesses to report their healthy versus unhealthy food sales by the end of 2029. This initiative aims to tackle obesity by setting targets to increase the average healthiness of shopping baskets. While some companies already report this data, the government will use a healthy food standard, likely based on the UK Nutrient Profile Model, and empower retailers to achieve these targets through various strategies, including reformulation."], ["20250627", "Community Teamwork Inc. recently honored three local leaders as \"Champions of Community Action\" at their annual Spring Celebration 2025, raising funds for emergency temporary housing for women. The article also features community event announcements, including a weekly board game meetup at the Billerica Public Library and a public hearing regarding the Rourke Bridge replacement project in Lowell."], ["20250624", "The CEO of Fluence Energy Inc., Julian Nebreda, stated that the latest iteration of the US Senate's clean energy bill is \"workable\" for the battery storage industry. This version maintains tax credits for battery storage while removing incentives for wind and solar power. Fluence Energy, which has about 50% of its business in the US, believes it can support the proposed rules."], ["20250624", "The Stuttgart Chamber of Commerce, Stuttgart Industrial Development Corporation, and Entergy Arkansas announced the certification of two industrial sites, 154-acres and 62-acres, within the Stuttgart Industrial Park as \"Select Sites.\" This certification provides a competitive advantage for economic development, making the sites more appealing for site location searches by consultants and companies. Entergy Arkansas supported this initiative with a grant and will feature the certified sites on the Arkansas Site Selection Center, aiming to attract high-tech, manufacturing, and distribution projects to Stuttgart."], ["20250623", "Business travel in the Benelux region continues to show positive growth, driven by increasing business travel spending in the Netherlands and steady trip numbers in Belgium. Economic growth across the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg, alongside improvements in international rail travel and KLM's operational updates, are key factors. However, concerns about the impact of the Dutch flight tax and moderating hotel rates are also noted."], ["20250621", "This article summarizes a week's worth of cannabis industry news from June 21, 2025. It covers Canadian developments like trends in craft cannabis demand, wholesale sales, and regulatory efforts by First Nations, as well as financial results for companies like MediPharm Labs, Aurora Cannabis, and Simply Solventless. International news includes legal disputes for Cookies, tax demands by Israeli cultivation companies, and actions by an Australian regulator against medicinal cannabis advertisers."], ["20250620", "Foreign investors sold $41 billion of U.S. Treasuries in April following President Donald Trump's announcement of a global tariff regime, marking the largest sale of U.S. government bonds since December 2024. This sell-off contributes to growing concerns that the substantial U.S. debt and high tariffs could deter foreign investment in U.S. government bonds, with yields spiking and investors realigning portfolios towards international assets. Despite this, foreigners still hold a significant portion of the $28.6 trillion American government debt market, with Japan, the UK, and China being the largest holders."], ["20250617", "This article examines the history and theory of tariffs, tracing the pendulum swing between protectionism and free trade over the centuries, notably in the U.S. It discusses the economic impacts of tariffs, from the \"Tariff of Abominations\" to the Smoot-Hawley Tariff, and the role of free trade in post-WWII economic growth and inflation control. The authors analyze the implications of rising tariffs for the current global economy, detailing potential impacts on asset classes, trade flows, and financial markets."], ["20250613", "Eversource MA is holding an in-person information session in Springfield on June 24, 2025, at the Ray Jordan Senior Center. The event aims to help residents learn about and enroll in financial assistance and energy-saving programs to manage their energy bills. More details are available on the Eversource MA website."], ["20250611", "Oregon-based energy storage company Powin Energy has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, listing estimated debts of at least $300 million. The company's restructuring plan involves spinning off its StackOS software platform into a new standalone company and selling the remaining assets, after two major project cancellations made the engineering and installation side unsustainable. Powin claims more than 17 GWh of BESS worldwide depend on its StackOS platform for operation."], ["20250605", "WellCare of Kentucky, a Centene Corp. company, is providing $225,000 in financial support to aid Eastern Kentucky communities affected by recent tornados. This funding, partly from the Centene Foundation, will target housing, rebuilding, and essential goods distribution through local organizations like the Team Kentucky Storm Relief Fund, Come-Unity Cooperative Care, Christian Appalachian Project (CAP), Roscoe\u2019s Daughter, Inc., and Upper Cumberland Community Foundation. WellCare has also been actively providing immediate relief services and has contributed over $1.2 million to disaster relief since 2022."], ["20250603", "Despite airlines forecasting record revenues fueled by business travelers, many companies are cutting back on employee travel due to uncertainties stemming from U.S. trade and immigration policies. While airlines are investing in more luxurious business class options, a significant portion of businesses, including U.S. companies, are reconsidering or canceling trips, leading to diverging trends in the travel industry."], ["20250603", "President Donald Trump is reportedly planning to use emergency powers under the Defense Production Act to waive certain legal requirements, including congressional funding approvals, to accelerate U.S. production of critical minerals and weapons. This move aims to counter China's dominance in the critical mineral industry and its recent export halts, despite concerns from experts that such measures are a short-term fix and the U.S. will likely still depend on China for the near future. The waivers are expected to be published on the Federal Register."], ["20250602", "Textron Specialized Vehicles and the Richmond County School System are celebrating that their Reaching Potential Through Manufacturing (RPM) program has produced over 400 graduates since its founding in 2017. The program, which helps at-risk high school students earn their diploma while gaining manufacturing experience and income, recently saw 10 new graduates, bringing the total to 400. This public-private partnership is modeled after a successful program in Georgia and continues to provide an alternative path to success for students."], ["20250602", "Sports betting stocks are experiencing a downturn following Illinois Governor J.B. Pritzker's signing of a new budget that includes increased tax rates on online sports wagers. This late addition to the budget has significantly impacted the sector."]]}