{"topic": "energy_transportation", "news": [["20250701", "A US federal judge has ordered Argentina to surrender its 51% stake in energy company YPF within 14 days to partially satisfy a $16 billion judgment related to the country's controversial 2012 nationalization of the company. This ruling places Argentina in a difficult position, requiring it to either comply and face domestic legal challenges or defy the order and risk international enforcement proceedings. The decision has significant implications for President Javier Milei's economic strategy and privatization efforts, as YPF is central to his plans."], ["20250701", "Aqua Illinois has launched a new Customer Assistance Program (CAP) to provide financial relief to income-eligible customers in Illinois, offering a 70% discount on water and wastewater bills. Administered in partnership with Dollar Energy Fund, the program aims to support customers facing financial challenges through monthly discounts based on household income. Aqua Illinois encourages qualifying customers to apply online or by phone to take advantage of this year-round initiative."], ["20250701", "VenHub Global has launched its flagship AI-powered, robot-operated Smart Store at the LAX/Metro Transit Center in Los Angeles. This 24/7 autonomous retail unit aims to provide convenient and secure shopping for millions of travelers and commuters, especially in anticipation of major upcoming events like the FIFA World Cup and Olympic Games. The initiative is a partnership with LA Metro, with plans for further expansion across Southern California."], ["20250701", "Mammoth Energy Services, Inc. has announced a leadership change, with former CEO Phil Lancaster stepping down and being appointed to the board as a non-independent voting member. His son, Bernard Lancaster, has been named Chief Operating Office and Principal Executive Officer. Additionally, the board determined that Chairman Arthur Amron meets independence standards, bringing the number of independent directors to four out of six."], ["20250701", "The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey awarded Tutor Perini a $1.87 billion contract to construct a new seven-story storage and staging facility with an adjoining ramp structure at the Midtown Bus Terminal. This contract signifies a major advancement in the long-planned overhaul of the Midtown bus terminal, aiming to improve infrastructure for commuters."], ["20250701", "Rehlko has announced an agreement to sell its Curtis Instruments business to Parker Hannifin for approximately $1 billion in cash. This transaction, expected to close by the end of 2025, allows Rehlko to focus on its core energy resilience mission while Curtis Instruments is anticipated to thrive under Parker Hannifin's increased scale and investment in motion and control technologies. Platinum Equity, Rehlko's owner, supports the divestiture as part of a strategic portfolio optimization and plans for further investments in M&A."], ["20250701", "PG&E is investing $50 million into new and existing financial assistance programs to help customers with past-due energy bills. The new Match My Payment Program offers eligible low-to-moderate income customers a dollar-for-dollar match up to $1,000, while the existing REACH program provides bill credits up to $300. These initiatives aim to prevent service disconnections and support families, especially during peak energy usage months."], ["20250701", "NIO Inc. reported significant delivery growth in June 2025, with 24,925 vehicles delivered, marking a 17.5% year-over-year increase. The company also saw a 71.2% quarter-over-quarter increase in the second quarter, delivering 72,056 vehicles. Cumulatively, NIO Inc. has delivered 785,714 vehicles to date across its brands NIO, ONVO, and firefly."], ["20250701", "In June 2025, NIO Inc. delivered 24,925 vehicles, increasing its total deliveries to 785,714 vehicles from its three brands. The company expanded its global infrastructure by opening new NIO Houses and Power Swap Stations and announced robust Q1 2025 financial results. Furthermore, NIO is expanding its European presence, its models received top rankings in J.D. Power studies, and it debuted new vehicle lineups at Auto Chongqing 2025."], ["20250701", "John Newell argues that copper is poised for a significant technical breakout driven by unprecedented demand from clean energy, electric vehicles, AI, and data centers, coupled with severe supply constraints and declining ore grades. He highlights the historically low gold-to-copper ratio and fractal price patterns as strong technical indicators for a copper bull market. Newell suggests investors consider junior mining companies like McEwen Mining Inc., NexMetals Mining Corp., and Metallic Minerals Corp., which are advancing key projects in strategic locations."], ["20250701", "ORIX Corporation announced it will sell 17.5% of its 20% stake in Greenko Energy Holdings to AM Green Power for approximately $1.28 billion. Following the transaction, ORIX's shareholding in Greenko will be reduced to 2.5%, and the company will also invest $731 million in a convertible note issued by AM Green (Luxembourg). This sale is expected to generate a gain of about \u00a593.4 billion ($646.8 million) for ORIX."], ["20250701", "ORIX Corporation is divesting the majority of its 20% stake in Greenko Energy Holdings for $1.282 million. The sale, involving 17.5% of Greenko's interest, is to AM Green Power B.V., a subsidiary of AM Green B.V., established by Greenko's founders. ORIX plans to allocate part of the proceeds to invest in the green molecule sector within the energy industry."], ["20250701", "AM Green BV is set to acquire a 17.5% equity stake in Greenko Energy Holdings from ORIX Corporation, increasing AM Green's total holding to approximately 25%. This acquisition strengthens AM Green's position in the green energy sector, enhancing its integration with Greenko's renewable and pumped storage assets, and advancing its ambitious projects in green ammonia, hydrogen, and sustainable aviation fuel. Concurrently, ORIX will invest in AM Green's parent entity, maintaining exposure to emerging green sectors."], ["20250701", "Ford reported a 14.2% increase in second-quarter sales, driven by strong performance in its truck, hybrid, and SUV segments. The company also saw a significant surge in its market share during this period. This growth highlights Ford's success in key automotive categories."], ["20250701", "The EPA has announced settlements with Ecolab Inc., Radius Recycling Inc., and Eakas Corp. for various environmental violations including improper hazardous waste management, discharge of toxic metals, and exceeding air pollution limits. These settlements involve significant financial penalties and require the companies to implement corrective measures to improve environmental compliance and reduce harmful emissions. The actions aim to protect public health and the environment in affected communities."], ["20250701", "The City of Portland has introduced three BEAM Global EV ARC\u2122 2020 mobile solar-powered charging stations to support its electric vehicle fleet. These off-grid units provide renewable energy, enhance emergency preparedness, and offer deployment flexibility, contributing to the city's climate goals and aiming for a net-zero carbon fleet by 2050. The initiative is funded by the Portland Clean Energy Community Benefits Fund, with plans to convert 700 vehicles to electric by July 2029."], ["20250701", "Amplify Energy Corp. has completed the sale of its non-operated Eagle Ford assets to Murphy Exploration & Production Company for $23 million, effective June 15, 2025. The proceeds will be used to reduce debt and improve liquidity, enabling Amplify to potentially resume high-return Beta development wells and streamline its operations. The company plans to release updated 2025 guidance with its second-quarter financial results."], ["20250701", "AAR (NYSE: AIR) has announced that it will release its fourth-quarter fiscal year 2025 financial results after the NYSE trading session closes on Wednesday, July 16, 2025. Following the earnings release, the company will host a conference call at 4:00 PM Central time to discuss the results. Investors can access the call via a listen-only webcast or by phone registration, with a replay available for approximately one year."], ["20250701", "Houston American Energy Corp. (HUSA) has acquired Abundia Global Impact Group, LLC (AGIG), forming a new company focused on converting waste plastics into low-carbon fuels and chemical products. The combined entity will be led by Abundia's founder, Ed Gillespie, and aims to leverage HUSA's public market platform to accelerate growth, scale technology, and develop large-scale recycling projects, starting with a facility on the U.S. Gulf Coast. This acquisition positions the company to address the growing demand for renewable fuels and sustainable aviation fuel."], ["20250701", "Kayne Anderson Energy Infrastructure Fund, Inc. announced a monthly distribution of $0.08 per share for July 2025, payable to common stockholders on July 31, 2025. The company declares distributions monthly, with the next expected in early August, subject to Board approval and financial covenants. KYN's investment objective is to provide a high after-tax total return through investments in Energy Infrastructure Companies."], ["20250701", "Covenant Logistics Group (NYSE: CVLG) has announced its second-quarter earnings release will be on July 23, 2025, after market close, followed by a conference call on July 24, 2025, at 10:00 a.m. Eastern time. The company provides various transportation and logistics services across the United States. Investors can access the live conference call via provided dial-in numbers and a replay will be available afterward."], ["20250701", "Evolution Petroleum announced positive results from a joint interest audit of its Barnett Shale properties, identifying approximately $1.8 million in overcharges that will reduce lease operating expenses. The company also provided an update on its Chaveroo wells, which continue to significantly outperform expectations with over 50 days of production data. These developments are expected to positively impact Evolution Petroleum's fiscal year 2025 Adjusted EBITDA and earnings."], ["20250701", "XPENG reported a record-breaking second quarter in 2025 with 103,181 vehicle deliveries and 34,611 smart EVs delivered in June, representing a 224% year-on-year surge. The company's total deliveries for the first half of 2025 reached 197,189 vehicles, surpassing its full-year total for 2024. XPENG is also expanding its global footprint, launching the X9 MPV in Indonesia and aiming for local production in July."], ["20250701", "Lotus Technology is set to acquire 100% equity in Lotus Advance Technologies Sdn Bhd (Lotus UK) through non-cash transactions, issuing new shares valued at $10 each. This acquisition, expected to finalize by 2025, will integrate Lotus UK's sportscar and hypercar manufacturing with Lotus Engineering's consultancy services. The deal was triggered by Lotus UK exceeding 5,000 vehicle sales in 2024 and aims to consolidate the Lotus brand under one corporate umbrella."], ["20250701", "Ingersoll Rand (NYSE:IR) has acquired Termomeccanica Industrial Compressors S.p.A. (TMIC) and its subsidiary Adicomp S.p.A. for approximately \u20ac160 million. This acquisition strengthens Ingersoll Rand's position in industrial compressors and renewable natural gas (RNG) markets, adding over 100 years of experience and specialized engineered-to-order solutions. The deal expands Ingersoll Rand's global presence and enhances its Industrial Technologies and Services (IT&S) segment, aligning with its strategy of targeted bolt-on acquisitions."], ["20250701", "The U.S. nuclear regulator has approved Dominion Energy's application to extend the operating license for its V.C. Summer power station in South Carolina until 2062. This comes amidst a resurgence of U.S. nuclear power, driven by demand from data centers and industrial electrification. Dominion Energy also plans to seek license extensions for other nuclear plants, highlighting a trend of prolonging nuclear energy operations."], ["20250701", "Scandinavian Airlines (SAS) has placed a record order for 55 Embraer E195-E2 aircraft, with deliveries scheduled to begin in late 2027. This landmark agreement aims to support SAS's long-term fleet renewal strategy, focusing on increased efficiency, reduced emissions, and expanded regional connectivity. The E195-E2 aircraft are recognized for their fuel efficiency, lower emissions, and passenger comfort, aligning with SAS's commitment to sustainable aviation and ambitious growth plans."], ["20250701", "Houston American Energy Corp. (HUSA) has acquired Abundia Global Impact Group, LLC (AGIG), aiming to become a leader in converting waste plastics into low-carbon fuels and chemicals. The combined company, led by AGIG's founder Ed Gillespie as CEO, plans to accelerate growth, scale technology, and develop a large-scale recycling facility on the U.S. Gulf Coast to meet the demand for renewable fuels, including Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF). This strategic move is expected to generate significant shareholder value and expand market solutions for low-carbon products."], ["20250701", "Major electric vehicle (EV) manufacturers in China, including Nio, Tesla, Xpeng, and Xiaomi, largely experienced an increase in insurance registrations during the week of June 23-29, 2025, as deliveries typically rise towards month-end. Nio Inc (including Nio, Onvo, and Firefly brands) saw 6,300 registrations, while Tesla recorded 20,680, and Xiaomi hit a record 9,090 registrations. Li Auto and BYD, however, experienced slight decreases in registrations for the same period."], ["20250701", "OceanPal Inc. announced it has regained compliance with Nasdaq listing rules after its common shares maintained a closing bid price of $1.00 or higher for 10 consecutive trading days, from June 13 to June 27, 2025. This notification was received on June 30, 2025, and the matter is now resolved. The company, which specializes in dry bulk vessels and product tankers, highlighted potential positives of this compliance while also outlining uncertainties and risks in its forward-looking statements."], ["20250701", "Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corp. (GLDD) has secured four new work awards, including an LNG dredging contract for the Woodside Louisiana LNG project near Lake Charles. This project involves constructing a ship berthing basin for LNG carriers and will utilize beneficial use of dredged material areas for marshland restoration. GLDD's President and CEO, Lasse Petterson, emphasized the projects' role in enhancing resilience, sustainability, and advancing US energy infrastructure."], ["20250701", "Fluor Corporation announced that LNG Canada has successfully shipped its first liquefied natural gas (LNG) export cargo from its new facility in Kitimat, British Columbia. Fluor, in a joint venture with JGC Corporation, provided critical engineering, procurement, fabrication, construction, and commissioning services for the facility, which positions Canada as a major exporter of lower-carbon natural gas. The project utilized an innovative modular fabrication approach and involved significant investment in Indigenous and local businesses."], ["20250701", "Triton International Limited has completed its acquisition of Global Container International LLC (GCI), integrating GCI's container fleet and long-term lease portfolio. This acquisition is expected to enhance Triton's value and service to its customers, further solidifying its position as the world's largest lessor of intermodal freight containers."], ["20250701", "Cheniere Energy Partners LP is offering $1 billion in senior notes due 2035 with a 5.55 percent yearly interest rate. The proceeds will be used by Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC to redeem a portion of its outstanding senior secured notes due 2026. This move comes as Cheniere expands its LNG production capacity at both its Sabine Pass and Corpus Christi terminals."], ["20250701", "Ameren Missouri has filed an application with the Missouri Public Service Commission to construct an 800-MW simple-cycle natural gas energy center named the Big Hollow Energy Center in Jefferson County. This project will also include Ameren Missouri's first large-scale battery storage facility, with plans to operate as a backup energy source by 2028 and support grid reliability during peak times. The initiative is part of Ameren Missouri's strategy to invest in energy infrastructure, balance its generation portfolio, and prepare for increased demand while supporting local economic development."], ["20250701", "Gauzy Ltd. announced the first-ever prefabricated smart glass stack for the automotive sector, aiming to streamline manufacturing and accelerate adoption. This innovation is expected to help Tier-1 suppliers and OEM glass fabricators integrate smart glass more efficiently, tapping into a rapidly growing market projected to reach $25 billion by 2028. The company is also emphasizing its U.S.-based production partnership and the ESG benefits of its smart glass technology."], ["20250701", "Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation (GLDC) has secured a significant dredging contract for the $17.5 billion Louisiana LNG project, formerly known as Driftwood LNG, operated by Woodside Energy. The initial phase involves constructing a ship berthing basin, with potential options for additional berths. This project, which includes marshland restoration, is a major boost to U.S. energy infrastructure and significantly contributes to GLDC's backlog through 2026."], ["20250701", "Equinor and its partners are investing NOK 13 billion in the third phase of Johan Sverdrup, one of the world's most carbon-efficient oil fields, to increase recovery by 40-50 million barrels of oil equivalent. This development includes new subsea infrastructure and leverages AI for optimal resource utilisation, aiming for a 75% recovery rate. The project strengthens energy supplies to Europe, contributes significantly to Norwegian value creation, and maintains high production from Johan Sverdrup, which already accounts for one-third of Norway's oil output."], ["20250701", "Kayne Anderson Energy Infrastructure Fund, Inc. (KYN) has announced a monthly distribution of $0.08 per share for July 2025, payable on July 31, 2025, to common stockholders. The company aims to provide a high after-tax total return by investing primarily in Energy Infrastructure Companies, though future distributions are subject to Board approval and financial compliance. This consistent announcement indicates a commitment to investor returns, despite potential uncertainties regarding the tax character of distributions and the relatively low per-share amount."], ["20250701", "Analysts have significantly upgraded ONEOK, Inc.'s revenue forecasts for 2025 to US$28 billion, an increase from previous estimates, indicating a more bullish outlook on the company's sales. Despite this, their view on earnings per share remained unchanged. The company's projected revenue growth of 17% annually is expected to outpace the wider industry."], ["20250701", "ComEd has broken ground on an expansion project for an electrical substation in Elk Grove Village, Illinois, as part of an 11-project, $1 billion capital investment. This initiative aims to support economic growth, increase transmission capacity, and enhance reliability in the northwest suburban business corridor, particularly for data centers and large commercial projects. The expanded substation, expected to be completed by December 2026, will feature new gas insulated switchgear and transformers to bolster the region's bulk transmission electrical system."], ["20250630", "Snap-on diagnostic platforms have received approval from Mercedes-Benz to access their cyber-secured vehicles' modules, enabling technicians to perform diagnostic functions on 2021 and newer models. The Snap-on Security Link solution assists in navigating these secure systems, offered at no extra charge with current software. This development is crucial as car manufacturers increasingly implement secure access systems to protect vehicle networks from unauthorized entry and cyber-attacks."], ["20250630", "A New York judge has ruled that Argentina must surrender its 51% controlling stake in YPF SA within two weeks to plaintiffs in a $16 billion judgment. This decision stems from the 2012 nationalization of YPF, which violated company bylaws. The ruling is a significant blow to President Javier Milei's administration and could force Argentina to negotiate a financial settlement, especially as transferring the shares might impact YPF's plans for oil and gas exports."], ["20250630", "A New York judge has ordered Argentina to transfer 51% of YPF shares to Burford Capital as partial payment for a US$16.1 billion lawsuit won by the hedge fund over the 2012 nationalization of the oil and gas company. President Javier Milei announced that Argentina will appeal the ruling, blaming former official Axel Kicillof for the original YPF takeover. The legal battle may proceed to the U.S. Supreme Court, as Argentina argues the turnover violates the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act and its own laws."], ["20250630", "Williams announced executive management changes with Alan Armstrong transitioning to executive chairman of the board and Chad Zamarin becoming the new president and CEO, effective July 1. This change follows a multi-year succession plan, with current Chairman Stephen Bergstrom expressing confidence in Zamarin's leadership. Zamarin, who joined Williams in 2017, looks to build on the company's legacy in the energy sector, while Armstrong will continue to contribute from his new board position."], ["20250630", "The Texas Supreme Court has overturned a $90 million nuclear verdict against Werner Enterprises, a decision expected to impact \"reptile theory\" litigation tactics in trucking lawsuits. The court ruled that Werner and its driver were not at fault for a 2014 crash, highlighting that the incident's sole cause was a third-party driver losing control. This victory for Werner emphasizes the importance of direct causation in negligence claims and supports the potential adoption of the \"Admission Rule\" in trucking cases."], ["20250630", "Parker Hannifin announced an agreement to acquire Curtis Instruments from Rehlko for approximately $1 billion. This acquisition is intended to boost Parker Hannifin's electrification capabilities by incorporating Curtis's motor speed controllers and other electrical components, complementing Parker's existing strengths in electric vehicle motors and hydraulic technologies. The deal, which awaits regulatory approval, is expected to close by the end of the year, with Curtis anticipating $320 million in sales for 2025."], ["20250630", "Orion Energy Systems (OESX) reported net losses of $11.8 million for fiscal 2025, with core LED lighting revenue down 22%, despite an overall gross margin uptick. The company faces potential delisting from Nasdaq due to its stock price remaining below $1 and is proposing a reverse stock split to regain compliance. Orion hopes new sales leadership and growth in its EV charging unit will offset legacy business declines, but dilution from stock issuance to cover acquisitions remains a concern for investors."], ["20250630", "The article \"Rapid Rewards Celebrates 38 Years of Rewarding Flyers Faster!\" likely announces an anniversary milestone for Southwest Airlines' Rapid Rewards program. It probably highlights the program's long-standing success in providing benefits to its members. The content suggests a brief newsroom update rather than a detailed report."], ["20250630", "Joby Aviation announced a significant milestone with successful piloted electric air taxi flights in Dubai, marking the start of its commercial market readiness efforts in the region, with anticipated passenger service in 2026. This achievement is a result of collaboration with Dubai's Roads and Transport Authority and other civil aviation authorities, reinforcing Joby's exclusive rights to operate air taxis in Dubai for six years. The company plans to launch commercial service at key Dubai locations, significantly reducing travel times, and construction for its first commercial vertiport at Dubai International Airport is underway for a Q1 2026 completion."], ["20250630", "The US Supreme Court has refused to hear American Airlines' appeal regarding a lower court ruling that its partnership with JetBlue Airways violated federal antitrust laws. Both airlines had argued that their \"Northeast Alliance\" benefited consumers and enhanced their competitiveness. However, the Justice Department maintained that the practical implications of the case were limited since JetBlue had already withdrawn from the deal, and reversing the ruling would not have reinstated the agreement."], ["20250630", "AM Green (AMG), through its subsidiary AM Green Power BV, is set to acquire a 17.5% equity interest in Greenko Energy Holdings from ORIX Corporation, bringing AMG and its promoters' total ownership in Greenko to approximately 25%. Concurrently, ORIX will invest in a convertible instrument issued by AMG Lux, securing long-term exposure to emerging green molecules like green hydrogen and green ammonia. This strategic partnership enhances AM Green's integration with Greenko, a leading renewable energy operator, and supports AM Green's ambitious plans for green ammonia and hydrogen production, solidifying its position in the global green energy market."], ["20250630", "Ioneer's Rhyolite Ridge project in Nevada is highlighted as a strategic critical mineral development, uniquely positioned to produce both lithium and boron. With 70% engineering complete, a substantial Department of Energy loan commitment, and ongoing efforts to secure an equity partner, the project is advancing to become a cornerstone of North America's battery supply chain. Its dual-commodity production model provides economic stability and places it in the lowest quartile of the global lithium cost curve."], ["20250630", "Terrestrial Energy has announced a collaboration with energy solutions provider Ameresco to advance the commercial deployment of its Integral Molten Salt Reactor (IMSR) in the US. This partnership aims to deliver customized, scalable, and reliable clean energy for data centers and industrial applications, potentially integrating the IMSR with natural gas-fired energy bridges for early electricity delivery. The IMSR design is a 442 MWt small modular reactor, and the collaboration seeks to leverage Terrestrial Energy's reactor technology with Ameresco's expertise in energy system integration."], ["20250630", "Hut 8 Corp. announced the initial energization of Vega, which they believe to be the largest single-building Bitcoin mining facility by nameplate hashrate. This 205 MW facility will support up to approximately 15 EH/s of next-generation rack-based ASIC compute using a proprietary direct-to-chip liquid cooling system. The facility is expected to generate $110 million to $120 million in annualized revenue upon full energization through a colocation agreement with BITMAIN, with an option for Hut 8 to acquire the hosted fleet."], ["20250630", "Six major companies, including Honda and DENSO, have formed the BlueRebirth Council to advance the use of recycled materials in new vehicles. The council aims to create a manufacturing and recycling integrated value chain, focusing on automated precision dismantling of end-of-life vehicles (ELVs) to achieve high-purity material recovery and true \"Car-to-Car\" recycling. This initiative seeks to transform the automotive recycling industry into a \"recycled materials manufacturing industry\" by 2035, addressing challenges like material purity, supply volumes, and worker shortages through advanced AI and robotics."], ["20250630", "Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation (GLDD) has secured four significant dredging contracts covering various projects in Louisiana, Texas, and South Carolina. These contracts involve capital dredging for the Woodside Louisiana LNG project, maintenance dredging for the Galveston Entrance Channel and Houston Ship Channel, rental of a hopper dredge for the Mississippi River, and maintenance dredging for the Charleston Entrance Channel. The projects are funded by a mix of federal, state, and local entities and include beneficial use of dredged material for marshland restoration and beach nourishment."], ["20250630", "Fermi America, co-founded by former Texas governor Rick Perry, and Texas Tech University have announced plans for a massive energy and artificial intelligence campus in Amarillo, Texas. This \"hypergrid\" aims to integrate nuclear power, natural gas, solar, and battery storage to provide up to 11 gigawatts of power and 18 million square feet of AI capacity. The initiative aligns with a call to establish global energy and AI dominance, with initial geotechnical work already underway and an unspecified power source expected online by late 2026."], ["20250630", "This article analyzes Ford Motor Company's (NYSE:F) Return On Equity (ROE), calculating it at 11% based on trailing twelve months data to March 2025. It compares Ford's ROE to the Auto industry average, finding it similar, but raises concerns about Ford's high debt-to-equity ratio (3.46), suggesting that debt heavily influences its ROE. The article concludes by recommending that investors consider other factors like future profit growth and debt levels alongside ROE."], ["20250630", "Evergy Inc. is seeking $22.2 million in damages from BNSF for alleged shortfalls in coal deliveries to two of its power plants in the Kansas City region. The utility claims BNSF failed to meet requested coal shipments from Wyoming to its facilities in Platte County and Lawrence. The lawsuit aims to recover financial losses incurred due to these delivery issues."], ["20250630", "Boss Energy's Alta Mesa Uranium Project is increasing its annualized production rate towards 1.5 million pounds of triuranium octoxide. The project has demonstrated significantly higher uranium capture rates in June 2025 compared to previous months, with daily averages exceeding 2,400 pounds. This growth is supported by ongoing wellfield development at the Texas-based project, which is operated by enCore Energy."], ["20250630", "The article discusses Edison International's (NYSE:EIX) debt levels, noting that as of March 2025, its net debt was US$37.1 billion, up from US$35.4 billion. It highlights that the company's liabilities significantly outweigh its cash and short-term receivables, resulting in a high net debt to EBITDA ratio (5.8) and weak interest coverage. While acknowledging improved EBIT, the authors conclude that Edison International has too much debt, making them tentative about the stock, despite the common use of debt in the Electric Utilities industry."], ["20250630", "This article reports on significant leadership changes within major energy companies. Joi Harris has been appointed CEO of DTE Energy, succeeding Jerry Norcia. Additionally, former Tennessee Valley Authority CEO Jeff Lyash has been elected to Dominion Energy's board of directors. Pedro Azagra is named CEO of Iberdrola, with Jose Antonio Miranda taking his place as CEO of Avangrid."], ["20250630", "A2A and bp have signed a 17-year Sale and Purchase Agreement (SPA) for liquefied natural gas (LNG), with A2A set to purchase up to 10 LNG cargoes annually from 2027 to 2044. This agreement aims to diversify Italy's energy supply, enhance price stability for A2A, and support the company's decarbonization goals. The supplied LNG will fulfill approximately 20% of A2A's demand and will be re-gasified at the OLT Offshore LNG Toscana terminal in Livorno, Italy, among others in Europe."], ["20250630", "CATL, through its subsidiary CBL, along with PT Aneka Tambang Tbk (ANTAM) and Indonesia Battery Corporation (IBC), has broken ground on a US$6 billion battery integration project in Indonesia. This project spans the entire battery value chain, from nickel mining to battery recycling, and is expected to create 8,000 direct jobs while significantly contributing to Indonesia's 2060 carbon neutrality goals. The initiative aims to enhance sustainable energy efforts and establish Indonesia's first renewable energy circular system, producing high-quality battery cells and modules for e-mobility and energy transition."], ["20250630", "Stem, Inc. announced it has significantly strengthened its balance sheet through a privately negotiated exchange of existing convertible notes and the issuance of new first lien notes. This transaction reduced the company's outstanding debt by approximately $195 million and raised $10 million in cash. The deal also extends the maturity date for the majority of its outstanding debt to 2030, enhancing Stem's ability to execute its software-focused strategy."], ["20250630", "Saia, Inc. announced it will release its quarterly financial results on July 25, 2025, before the market opens, followed by a conference call at 10:00 a.m. ET. The article provides details on how to access the call, replay information, and potential positives and negatives related to the earnings release. It also includes information on SAIA's congressional stock trading, insider trading activity, hedge fund movements, analyst ratings, and price targets."], ["20250630", "Univation Technologies and C3 AI have formed a strategic partnership to provide AI-powered predictive maintenance solutions for the petrochemical industry. This collaboration leverages Dow Inc.'s successful implementation of C3 AI Reliability, aiming to enhance operational efficiency, reduce maintenance costs, and improve asset availability for steam cracker operations globally. Univation will license and distribute the C3 AI software and offer specialized technical services to support its implementation and ongoing use."], ["20250630", "Gibraltar Industries is looking to divest from its renewables sector to strategically re-focus on its core building operations. This move indicates a shift in the company's business strategy, prioritizing its established building sector. The article provides a brief overview of this development and positions it within the broader context of renewable energy news."], ["20250630", "Uber Technologies, Inc. and Waymo have launched autonomous ride-hailing services in Atlanta, building on a partnership announced in September last year. Riders can now use Waymo's self-driving vehicles via the Uber app for travel across 65 square miles of the city. This expansion follows a similar rollout in Austin and aligns with the growing momentum in the self-driving car industry."], ["20250630", "NorthWestern Energy has completed its acquisition of Energy West, welcoming 33,000 new customers and 43 employees. Effective July 1, 2025, Energy West and Cut Bank Gas customers will transition to NorthWestern Energy, with existing rates remaining in place. This expansion significantly increases NorthWestern Energy's customer base, particularly combining electric and gas services for approximately 30,000 existing customers."], ["20250630", "Ascent Solar Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: ASTI) announced the closing of a public offering, raising $2.0 million in gross proceeds. The offering included 1,000,000 shares of common stock (or pre-funded warrants) and warrants to purchase an equal number of shares, priced at $2.00 per share and accompanying warrant. The company plans to use the net proceeds for working capital, product development, general and administrative expenses, and other corporate purposes."], ["20250630", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for Wallbox Nv (WBX) SEC filings, including annual reports (10-K), quarterly earnings (10-Q), material events (8-K), and insider trading forms. Recent filings detail the company's non-compliance with NYSE's minimum market capitalization and stockholders' equity requirements, ongoing capital restructuring efforts, and changes in leadership. Wallbox reported a full-year 2025 loss and is negotiating a renewed capital structure with banking partners to address its financial situation."], ["20250630", "Fermi America is reportedly planning an 11GW mega data centre campus, which might be named after former US President Donald Trump. The project is expected to reflect his energy priorities, and the original article title suggests a deliberate omission of wind power in its description."], ["20250630", "A US judge has ordered Argentina to surrender its 51% controlling stake in state-run oil company YPF SA within two weeks as partial payment for a US$16-billion court judgment. This ruling stems from a lawsuit by former shareholders regarding Argentina's 2012 nationalization of YPF and delivers a significant blow to President Javier Milei's government, which plans to appeal the decision. The move has impacted Argentina's sovereign bonds and YPF shares, while potentially forcing the country into negotiations for a financial settlement."], ["20250630", "Northern States Power Company, a subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc., has filed for a $44 million (15%) annual electric rate increase in South Dakota, aiming for new rates to take effect on January 1, 2026. This proposed increase, if approved, would raise the average annual residential electric bill by 3% compared to 2016 levels. The filing is based on a 2024 historic test year, requesting a return on equity of 10.3% and a rate base of approximately $1.2 billion."], ["20250630", "Ameren Missouri is seeking regulatory approval to construct the Big Hollow Energy Center in Jefferson County, Missouri, which will include an 800-megawatt natural gas energy center and a large-scale 400-MW battery storage facility. This project aims to meet increasing energy demands, ensure grid resiliency, and provide reliable backup power when renewable sources are unavailable. The utility expects the center to be operational by 2028, bringing significant investment and jobs to the community."], ["20250630", "This page provides a detailed overview of SCAG (Scage Future) stock, traded on NASDAQ under the symbol SCAG. It includes key financial metrics, stock performance data showing significant declines across various periods, company information, and technical analysis indicators. Scage Future specializes in new energy smart solutions for heavy commercial vehicles."], ["20250630", "Parker Hannifin has acquired Curtis Instruments, an EV technology manufacturer, for a reported $1 billion. The acquisition was announced on June 30, 2025 by Elizabeth Schanz. This move strengthens Parker Hannifin's position in the electric vehicle market."], ["20250630", "The Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT) is partnering with AI company Rekor Systems to implement \"smart roads\" in Houston, using artificial intelligence and real-time data to detect traffic incidents and improve emergency response. This initiative aims to make commutes faster and safer by collecting data from various sources, including roadside sensors, cameras, GPS devices, and even vehicles. The technology has already shown success in Austin, where it detects accidents significantly faster than traditional 911 calls."], ["20250630", "AM Green BV has acquired a 17.5% equity stake in Greenko Energy Holdings from Japan's ORIX Corporation, bringing AM Green's total stake in Greenko to 25% by July 2025. This deal signifies a major step towards building an integrated green energy platform, with ORIX also investing in AM Green's emerging sectors like green hydrogen and sustainable aviation fuel. AM Green, founded by Greenko co-founders, is developing significant green ammonia and hydrogen capacity, including a large plant in Kakinada."], ["20250630", "Uni-Fuels Holdings Limited (NASDAQ: UFG) has opened a new office in Shanghai, expanding its presence in the Asian market. This move, part of the company's global expansion strategy that also included an office in Dubai in April, positions Uni-Fuels to meet the growing demand for marine fuel solutions in Asia, leveraging Shanghai's status as a vital maritime hub. The new office, Uni-Fuels (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., aims to enhance local expertise, operational reach, and service responsiveness for customers and partners."], ["20250630", "NexMetals Mining (formerly Premium Resources) reported strong copper-nickel drill results from its Selebi North deposit in Botswana, with shares surging as a result. The drilling confirmed significant mineralization step-outs, extending the deposit further than previously modeled. These results follow a recent name change and a C$36 million financing round for the company."], ["20250630", "Univation Technologies and C3 AI have partnered to offer AI-powered predictive maintenance solutions for the petrochemical industry, building on Dow Inc.'s successful implementation of C3 AI's technology across its facilities. This collaboration aims to provide enhanced operational efficiency, reduce maintenance costs, and improve asset availability for steam cracker operations. Univation will license and distribute the C3 AI software and offer specialized technical services to support its implementation and ongoing enhancement for customers globally."], ["20250630", "Huachen AI Parking Management Technology Holding Co., Ltd (NASDAQ: HCAI) has entered into a non-binding cooperative agreement with Hangzhou Qianhui Electric Technology Co., Ltd to enhance two-wheeled e-charging infrastructure. Huachen AI will provide financial support, while Hangzhou Qianhui will manage operations, procurement, and platform development for e-charging stations. This partnership aims to address the growing demand for convenient electric two-wheeler charging solutions and foster innovation in urban transportation."], ["20250630", "The Greenbrier Companies (NYSE: GBX) announced a quarterly cash dividend of $0.32 per share, marking its 45th consecutive quarterly dividend. The dividend is payable on August 7, 2025, to stockholders of record as of July 17, 2025. Greenbrier is a leading international supplier of equipment and services to global freight transportation markets, including the design, build, and marketing of freight railcars."], ["20250630", "Ascent Solar Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: ASTI) has announced the closing of a $2.0 million public offering. The offering included 1,000,000 shares of common stock (or pre-funded warrants) and warrants to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares, priced at $2.00 per unit. The net proceeds are earmarked for working capital, product development, and general corporate purposes."], ["20250630", "This article provides detailed stock information for SCAG (Scage Future. ADR), a new energy smart solutions provider for heavy commercial vehicles headquartered in Nanjing, China. It includes key financial metrics, performance indicators, and company fundamentals as of December 5, 2025. The company specializes in developing and commercializing heavy-duty new energy trucks and components, along with providing related vehicle modification and leasing services."], ["20250630", "Aurora Innovation Inc. (NASDAQ: AUR) has launched its commercial self-driving trucking service in Texas, completing over 1,200 miles without a driver between Dallas and Houston. This makes Aurora the first company to operate a commercial self-driving service with heavy-duty Class 8 trucks on public roads in the US. The company plans to expand its driverless service to El Paso, Texas, and Phoenix, Arizona, by the end of the year, with initial customers including Uber Freight and Hirschbach Motor Lines."], ["20250630", "Empire Petroleum Corporation announced a record date of July 10, 2025, for a proposed Rights Offering to raise up to $5.0 million. Each subscription right will allow holders to purchase one unit, consisting of common stock and one rights warrant, at $5.30 per unit. The offering is expected to close on July 25, 2025, and relevant materials will be provided to eligible shareholders."], ["20250630", "NRG Energy (NYSE:NRG) was removed from several Russell indices on June 30, 2025, yet its share price increased by 70% in the last quarter, outperforming broader markets and its industry. This resilience is attributed to strong Q1 earnings, reaffirmed 2025 guidance, and a share buyback program, despite some identified weaknesses in investment analysis. Analysts anticipate 5.8% annual revenue growth for NRG over the next three years, with a consensus price target near its current share price."], ["20250630", "Ameren Missouri plans to construct an 800-megawatt natural gas energy center and a large-scale battery storage facility in Jefferson County, Mo., known as the Big Hollow Energy Center. This project aims to meet increased energy demands, ensure grid resiliency, and provide reliable backup energy by 2028. The facilities will operate independently while leveraging existing infrastructure and are expected to bring investment and jobs to the community."], ["20250629", "This article provides a comprehensive overview of Nuvve Holding Corp.'s (NVVE) SEC filings, including annual, quarterly, and material event reports. It details the company's financial structure, strategic focus on V2G technology and energy storage, and recent corporate actions like executive compensation updates, warrant delistings, and new business agreements. The page serves as a resource for investors to track NVVE's regulatory disclosures and understand its operational and financial developments."], ["20250629", "KBR announced its exit from the energy sector to focus on government contracts and technology businesses. This strategic shift follows a US$17 million decrease in net income for its Energy Solutions division in Q1, attributed to compressed margins from low-risk construction services. The company aims for more predictable financial results by no longer engaging in lump-sum, blue-collar construction services."], ["20250629", "Fermi America, in collaboration with Texas Tech University System, is planning to build the world's largest data center campus in Texas. This \"Advanced Energy and Intelligence Campus\" will span 5,800 acres, feature 18 million square feet of data centers, and generate up to 11GW of IT capacity from a mix of natural gas, solar, wind, and nuclear energy. The project aims to establish Texas as a global energy-AI hub and includes academic and research facilities."], ["20250629", "Fermi America and Texas Tech University are partnering on a \"HyperGrid\" campus in Amarillo, spanning 5,769 acres and combining nuclear, solar, gas, and battery energy storage. This multi-billion-dollar project aims to generate up to 11 gigawatts of power and house 18 million square feet of AI capacity. Former Texas governor Rick Perry stated the project is critical for the US to catch up with China in energy and AI, calling for a \"nuclear power energy renaissance.\""], ["20250629", "Global private equity giant KKR is battling individual shareholders of TACE Inc., a South Korean solar power plant operator, over control. The shareholders seek to refinance 500 billion won ($7.3 million) through Hana Securities to repay bonds to KKR and Lantern Advisory & Investments, forcing them to exit their investments. The dispute is complicated by an embezzlement scandal involving Lantern's former CEO and regulatory hurdles concerning government approval for changes in ownership."], ["20250629", "Canada is making a renewed effort to become a significant player in the liquified natural gas (LNG) export market, with the long-awaited LNG Canada project operational and six more projects under development, potentially representing $109 billion in investment. Despite a previous failed boom and competition from the U.S., there's renewed political will and growing global demand for natural gas, especially in Asia. However, challenges persist, including regulatory hurdles, environmental concerns, and a narrow window of opportunity before renewables could displace natural gas."], ["20250629", "This page provides access to New Fortress Energy's (NFE) SEC filings, including 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K forms, with AI-assisted summaries. The company has faced significant financial challenges, including missed interest payments, covenant non-compliance, and potential delisting risks, leading to ongoing restructuring efforts. Recent filings detail insider transactions, major ownership disclosures, debt forbearance extensions, and a substantial net loss with a going concern warning."], ["20250628", "Cleveland-Cliffs is celebrating the completion of a $150 million capital investment at its Coshocton Works facility with a ribbon-cutting ceremony on July 2. The investment includes a new state-of-the-art vertical stainless bright anneal line designed to supply premium stainless steel for high-end automotive and appliance applications. This new line utilizes a 100% hydrogen atmosphere, significantly improving quality, productivity, and profitability for the company's stainless steel business."], ["20250627", "The Texas Supreme Court has overturned a $90 million verdict against Werner Enterprises and its driver related to a fatal 2014 crash. The court ruled that the truck's presence and speed were not the proximate cause of the accident, concluding that the sole proximate cause was a pickup truck driver losing control and crossing a median. While reversing the lower court's decision, one dissenting justice argued for a new trial rather than a full ruling in favor of Werner and Ali due to an erroneous jury charge."], ["20250627", "Fincantieri has delivered the VIKING VESTA, the second in a new series of larger cruise ships built for Viking, from its Ancona shipyard. This delivery marks the 14th ship Fincantieri has built for Viking, with their partnership set to include a total of 28 vessels, incorporating advanced environmental technologies like hydrogen power in future builds such as VIKING LIBRA and VIKING ASTREA. All Viking ships are designed to meet strict environmental standards with high-efficiency engines and systems minimizing exhaust gas pollution."], ["20250627", "NextDecade Corp has updated and finalized EPC contracts for Trains 4 and 5 of its Rio Grande LNG Facility with Bechtel Energy, totaling approximately US$9.1 billion. The company anticipates reaching a Final Investment Decision (FID) for Train 4 and Train 5 before September 15, 2025, subject to securing financing and additional long-term LNG sale and purchase agreements. These developments aim to advance the construction of the critical LNG infrastructure."], ["20250627", "Li Auto has significantly reduced its Q2 delivery guidance, expecting to ship 108,000 vehicles instead of the previously estimated 123,000-128,000. This revision is not due to slumping demand but rather a temporary disruption caused by an internal sales system overhaul. The company is strategically preparing for the launch of its new Li i8 model, aiming to streamline operations for a stronger performance in the latter half of 2025."], ["20250627", "Equinor and its partners are investing over $2 billion in the Fram S\u00f8r project in Norway, a new subsea development aimed at extracting 116 million barrels of oil equivalent from the Fram and Troll area. The project, expected to begin production by late 2029, boasts a significantly low CO2 intensity and will utilize all-electric Christmas trees to minimize environmental impact. This development is also projected to create 4,500 full-time equivalent jobs in Norway through its supply chain."], ["20250627", "Mexco Energy Corporation reported a 27% increase in net income for fiscal year 2025, reaching $1,712,368, or $0.81 per diluted share, with operating revenues up 11% to $7,358,066. The company participated in drilling 35 horizontal wells and acquired various royalty and mineral interests while maintaining approximately $2.2 million cash on hand and no outstanding debt. Proved reserves decreased primarily due to lower oil and natural gas prices, yet oil continued to dominate sales."], ["20250627", "Namib Minerals is preparing to reopen three gold mines in Zimbabwe (Redwing, How, and Mazowe) at increased capacity to finance its critical mineral ambitions in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). CEO Ibrahima Tall stated the company aims to become a major player in copper and cobalt in the DRC, holding 13 battery metal exploration permits. This interview was withheld from publication until the company's business combination with Hennessy Capital Investment VI on June 6."], ["20250627", "Air T Inc reported its fiscal year 2025 results, with revenues increasing by 2% to $291.9 million and Adjusted EBITDA rising to $7.4 million. Despite these financial improvements, the company posted a loss per share of $2.23, slightly better than the previous year. The report highlights strategic focus on digital solutions and optimizing core segments, alongside challenges in specific areas like the Ground Support Equipment segment's Adjusted EBITDA loss."], ["20250627", "Exelon (Nasdaq: EXC) is scheduled to hold its second-quarter 2025 earnings conference call on Thursday, July 31, 2025, at 9:00 a.m. CT / 10:00 a.m. ET. The call will feature Exelon President and CEO Calvin Butler and Executive Vice President and CFO Jeanne Jones, discussing the company's financial performance. A live webcast and an archived replay will be available for investors."], ["20250627", "TC ENERGY CORPORATION (TRPRF.US) is scheduled to trade ex-dividend on June 30th, 2025. Shareholders of record on this date will receive a cash dividend of 0.23682 USD per share on July 30th, 2025. The article also provides general definitions of cash and stock dividends, noting that dividends are not guaranteed and can be subject to change."], ["20250627", "DNOW Inc. and MRC Global Inc. announced an all-stock merger valued at approximately $1.5 billion, including MRC Global\u2019s net debt, to form a premier energy and industrial solutions provider. The combination will create a global entity with over 350 service locations across more than 20 countries, leveraging both companies' expertise to serve energy, gas utility, and industrial customers. The transaction, unanimously approved by both boards, is expected to generate $70 million in annual cost synergies within three years and be accretive to Adjusted EPS in the first year."], ["20250627", "DNOW announced its intention to acquire MRC Global in an all-stock transaction valued at approximately $1.5 billion, merging two leading Houston-based distributors of pipe, valves, and fittings for industrial and energy sectors. The combined entity will have over 350 service and distribution centers, a global workforce of 5,000 across 20 countries, and expects to achieve $70 million in cost synergies within three years. DNOW President and CEO David Cherechinsky will lead the merged company, which aims to enhance growth and expand its market footprint."], ["20250627", "Virginia Natural Gas and Chattanooga Gas, both Southern Company subsidiaries, have expanded their clean energy portfolios by purchasing new renewable natural gas (RNG). This move is part of the company's commitment to delivering cleaner fuels and supporting emission reductions, aligning with their goal of achieving net-zero direct greenhouse gas emissions from operations by 2050. The RNG purchases, involving environmental attributes from Texas facilities, are expected to avoid 18,978 metric tons of CO\u2082e emissions."], ["20250627", "Honda Motor Co., Ltd. announced its production, sales, and export results for May 2025. The report indicates a year-over-year decrease in worldwide production, production outside Japan, and sales in the Japanese market. However, exports from Japan showed a significant year-over-year increase for the second consecutive month."], ["20250626", "XPO (NYSE: XPO) has scheduled its second quarter 2025 earnings conference call for Thursday, July 31, 2025, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. The company will release its quarterly results earlier that morning on its website. Investors can access the call via toll-free numbers or webcast, with a replay available until August 30, 2025."], ["20250626", "Elbert County commissioners unanimously denied permits for Xcel Energy's $1.7 billion power pole project, which aims to install 48 miles of 275 new steel poles. Residents have formed the Elbert County Environmental Alliance to push back against the project, arguing it will negatively impact their community and expressing concerns over a lack of fire risk assessment. Xcel Energy stated it will review the resolution and consider seeking relief from the District Court or the Colorado Public Utilities Commission."], ["20250626", "Werner Enterprises (NASDAQ: WERN) announced it will release its second-quarter earnings on July 29, 2025, after market close. The company will also host a conference call on the same day at 4:00 p.m. CT to discuss the results and 2025 outlook. Details for accessing the webcast and conference call, along with replay information, are available on the company's investor relations website."], ["20250626", "TOP Ships Inc. announced that the SEC has approved Rubico Inc.'s application to list its common shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The spin-off will include two tanker vessels, M/T Eco Malibu and M/T Eco West Coast, with shares to be distributed to TOP Ships' security holders in July 2025 on a pro-rata basis. Rubico common shares are expected to trade under the ticker \"RUBI\" on Nasdaq."], ["20250626", "Greek owner Evangelos Marinakis, through his company Capital, has firmed up an option for a third Very Large Crude Carrier (VLCC) at Hanwha Ocean in South Korea, bringing his total investment in VLCC newbuildings to approximately $1.2 billion. This order follows two firm vessels signed earlier this year, with all deliveries expected by 2027. Capital is also investing in six LNG dual-fuel supertankers from China, with deliveries through 2028, underscoring a broader industry trend of investment in VLCCs at Hanwha Ocean by other Greek and global shipping companies."], ["20250626", "Uber Eats has expanded its partnership with Serve Robotics to launch robotic delivery services in Atlanta, initially covering neighborhoods that include approximately 50,000 residents. This expansion contributes to Serve Robotics' goal of deploying 2,000 robots across the U.S. through its collaboration with Uber Eats by the end of the year. Atlanta was chosen due to its dynamic market and car-dependency, with Serve Robotics planning further expansion into more U.S. markets."], ["20250626", "Uber Eats is launching robotic delivery services in Atlanta through a partnership with Serve Robotics, an independent company spun off from Uber. This expansion follows successful pilots in Los Angeles and is part of Uber's broader strategy to integrate autonomous vehicles into its food delivery network. The robots will operate in several Atlanta neighborhoods, delivering orders from participating restaurants."], ["20250626", "Serve Robotics has launched its autonomous robot delivery service in Atlanta, expanding its collaboration with Uber Eats and Shake Shack. The service is now available in Midtown, Old Fourth Ward, and Downtown Atlanta, aiming to reduce traffic congestion and provide efficient, emission-free last-mile deliveries. Serve Robotics plans to deploy 2,000 AI-powered delivery robots across the U.S. by the end of 2025."], ["20250626", "SolarEdge Technologies has ramped up its new manufacturing site in Salt Lake City, Utah, where it is producing and shipping the 'USA Edition' Home Battery. This expansion is part of SolarEdge's strategy to strengthen its domestic supply chain, meet the demand for American-made energy storage solutions, and create over 2,000 new jobs across three U.S. manufacturing sites. The company aims to support U.S. energy independence and encourages continued clean energy tax incentives."], ["20250626", "SolarEdge Technologies Inc. has begun full production and shipment of its U.S.-made Home Battery at a new factory in Salt Lake City, Utah, marking its third U.S. manufacturing site. The \"USA Edition\" battery aims to bolster the domestic supply chain, support U.S. energy independence, and help customers meet domestic content requirements for energy tax credits. This expansion reflects growing demand for American-made energy storage and signifies a commitment to reliable, high-quality technology and supply-chain stability within the U.S."], ["20250626", "XCF Global has announced its intent to license its Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) platform and has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with an Australian company. This move signals XCF Global's strategy to expand the reach and adoption of its SAF technology through partnerships and licensing agreements. The article also includes several related stories about recent developments in the biofuel industry, highlighting the dynamic nature of this sector."], ["20250626", "JinkoSolar has introduced its next-generation Tiger Neo 3.0 modules, utilizing N-Type TOPCon technology, which boast impressive power conversion efficiency and extended warranties. These solar panels, available in NeoDG and NeoUtility series, aim to provide a one-stop solution for clean energy, contributing to lower electricity bills, energy independence, and the global transition to renewable energy. This development marks a new era in photovoltaic energy and supports the mission for zero carbon by 2050."], ["20250626", "Ivanhoe Electric Inc. (IE) has completed a preliminary feasibility study (PFS) for its Santa Cruz copper project in Arizona, confirming strong economics for a high-grade underground copper mining operation and heap leach processing facility. The project, which targets construction in the first half of 2026 and first copper production in 2028, boasts probable mineral reserves of 136 million metric tons at 1.08% copper and anticipates an average annual production of 72,000 mt of copper cathode for the first 15 years. With an initial capital of $1.24 billion and a Letter of Interest from the U.S. Export-Import Bank for $825 million in debt financing, the Santa Cruz project aims to produce pure American copper cathode without reliance on international smelting or concentrate processing."], ["20250626", "Icon Energy, a Greek shipping company listed on Nasdaq (ICON), has added the MV Charlie, a 2020-built Ultramax bulk carrier, to its fleet. This environmentally friendly vessel, equipped with an emissions scrubbing system, will immediately generate revenue under a variable daily time charter indexed to the Baltic Supramax Index, with additional income from fuel savings. The acquisition aligns with Icon Energy's strategy for growth in dry cargo shipping, focusing on operational efficiency and environmental responsibility."], ["20250626", "Horizon Aircraft is preparing for the first flight of its full-scale hybrid eVTOL, the Cavorite X7, within the next 18 to 24 months, with an eye towards certification before 2030. The company distinguishes itself by focusing on engineering milestones and actual flight tests, having already completed hundreds of test flights with a large-scale demonstrator and successfully performed a world-first transition flight. Horizon is working with Transport Canada Civil Aviation for certification, aiming for a more agile process compared to other regulators."], ["20250626", "GXO Logistics has launched GXO IQ, an AI-powered intelligent platform designed specifically for the logistics industry. This platform leverages proprietary AI algorithms to orchestrate various complex operations, including inventory management, order fulfillment, and staffing, in real-time. GXO IQ aims to enhance productivity and dynamism in warehousing, offering a comprehensive, customizable solution for global supply chain operations with an interactive AI agent named GIL for intuitive management."], ["20250626", "A joint venture led by Granite Construction, named Southern Nevada Construction Partners, secured a $240 million construction-manager-at-risk contract for the Paradise Hills portion of the Southern Nevada Water Authority's $2.7 billion Horizontal Lateral Program. The project focuses on improving water delivery and reliability in the Las Vegas Valley, involving the installation of a 120-inch steel water pipeline and a new pumping station. Preconstruction is expected to finish in December 2026, with full construction running from January 2027 to January 2030."], ["20250626", "Morningstar analysts identified key trends across technology, utility, and defense sectors and suggested six stocks well-positioned to capitalize on them. The technology sector is driven by AI and cloud infrastructure, leading to picks like Amazon and Microsoft. Utilities focus on infrastructure improvements and supply chain optimization, with Edison International and Eversource Energy highlighted. The defense sector is experiencing growth due to increased global military spending, with Huntington Ingalls Industries and General Dynamics poised to benefit."], ["20250626", "Diana Shipping has secured a new time charter deal with Cargill Ocean Transportation for its ultramax vessel, the DSI Polaris. The agreement, set at $12,500 per day, is expected to generate about $4.66 million from its minimum scheduled period. This follows another charter deal secured earlier this month for one of the company's newcastlemaxes."], ["20250626", "Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL) has scheduled a live conference call and webcast to discuss its June quarter 2025 financial results. The event will take place on Thursday, July 10, 2025, at 10:00 AM ET and will be accessible via Delta's investor relations website. An online replay will be available shortly after the webcast concludes."], ["20250626", "ConocoPhillips will host a conference call webcast on Thursday, August 7, 2025, at 12:00 p.m. Eastern time to discuss its second-quarter 2025 financial and operating results. The company's results will be released before market open on the same day. Interested parties can register for the webcast via the company's Investor Relations website."], ["20250626", "Eight utility commissions in the Midcontinent Independent System Operator (MISO) footprint are challenging the U.S. Department of Energy's (DOE) emergency order to keep Consumers Energy's J.H. Campbell coal-fired power plant in Michigan running past its scheduled retirement date. The Organization of MISO States (OMS) argues the DOE failed to demonstrate emergency conditions warranting the order, citing regional capacity auctions and assessments that do not indicate a reliability crisis. They contend that the DOE's reliance on unverified North American Electric Reliability Corp. (NERC) data and the unprecedented use of emergency powers undermine state and regional utility planning processes."], ["20250626", "American Battery Technology Company (ABAT) has won the \"Outstanding Contribution to Recycling & Reuse in Battery Materials\" at the Fastmarkets Lithium Supply and Battery Raw Materials Voltas Awards, outperforming 20 global competitors. The company's innovative single-facility battery recycling process extracts high-purity battery-grade materials, and it plans a fivefold capacity expansion with a new facility capable of processing 100,000 tonnes annually, supported by a $144 million DOE investment. This award validates ABAT's technological leadership and commitment to sustainable battery recycling and strengthening the domestic critical mineral supply chain."], ["20250626", "Westport Fuel Systems Inc. (TSX: WPRT Nasdaq: WPRT) announced that it will release its Q2 2025 financial results on August 11, 2025, after market close, followed by a conference call and webcast on August 12, 2025. The company also provided an update on the divestment of its Light-Duty Segment, with the closing of the transaction now expected in July 2025, a slight delay due to an updated regulatory review process. Westport is a leading supplier of advanced fuel delivery components and systems for clean fuels, committed to powering a cleaner future."], ["20250626", "Williams (NYSE: WMB) announced the pricing of a public offering for $1.5 billion in senior notes, split into two tranches: $750 million at 4.625% due 2030 and $750 million at 5.300% due 2035. The proceeds are intended to repay near-term debt and for general corporate purposes. The offering is expected to settle on June 30, 2025, and is managed by Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., MUFG Securities Americas Inc., and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc."], ["20250626", "DNOW Inc. announced its acquisition of MRC Global in an all-stock transaction valued at approximately $1.5 billion, including MRC Global\u2019s net debt. This merger will create a premier energy and industrial solutions provider with an enterprise value of about $3.0 billion, aiming to expand scale, diversify offerings, and generate $70 million in annual cost synergies. The combined company, which will operate under the DNOW brand, expects to achieve significant financial and operational benefits, including robust cash flow generation and a strong balance sheet."], ["20250626", "TOP Ships Inc. announced that Rubico Inc., its spin-off company, has received approval for its common shares to be listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market and has had its registration statement declared effective by the SEC. The distribution of Rubico common shares to TOP Ships securityholders is expected in July 2025, with trading to commence thereafter under the ticker \u201cRUBI\u201d. This spin-off involves two Suezmax tankers, the M/T Eco Malibu and M/T Eco West Coast."], ["20250626", "Viper Energy, a subsidiary of Diamondback Energy, has scheduled its second quarter 2025 earnings conference call for August 5, 2025, at 10:00 a.m. CT. The company will release its Q2 2025 financial results after market close on August 4, 2025. Investors can access the call and a replay via the \"Investor Relations\" section of Viper Energy's website."], ["20250626", "Mobileye Global Inc. saw its share price jump 22% after the launch of Tesla's Robotaxi service, boosting the autonomous driving sector. Despite this rise, Mobileye's market cap of $14.6 billion is still below its IPO valuation of $17 billion two and a half years ago. Analysts expect Mobileye to secure more contracts with major automakers, as it is seen as a non-competitive systems supplier compared to Tesla."], ["20250626", "Copa Holdings (CPA) is recommended as a strong buy due to its robust expansion and modernization efforts, leading to impressive share performance and operational efficiency. The company benefits from positive earnings estimate revisions, a strong price performance, and a history of beating earnings estimates. Additionally, its shareholder-friendly initiatives, including share repurchases and consistent dividends, enhance its appeal to investors."], ["20250626", "Energy Transfer LP has expanded its agreement with Chevron Corp. to supply an additional 1 Mt/y of liquefied natural gas (LNG) from its proposed Lake Charles export project, bringing the total to 3 Mt/y for 20 years. This marks a significant step in the project's development and reflects the increasing global demand for reliable LNG supplies. The deal, like its predecessor, is linked to Henry Hub prices and is contingent on a positive final investment decision for the 16.45 Mt/y facility and regulatory approvals for non-free trade agreement exports."], ["20250626", "Stardust Power Inc. successfully completed a public offering of common stock, with the underwriter exercising an over-allotment option to purchase an additional 1,100,000 shares, boosting gross proceeds to approximately $4.52 million. These funds will be used to complete the Definitive Feasibility Study for its planned lithium processing facility in Muskogee, Oklahoma. Despite market challenges, strong investor interest signals confidence in the company's strategy to develop battery-grade lithium products and contribute to America's energy leadership."], ["20250626", "Sypris Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Sypris Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq/GM: SYPR), announced a long-term agreement to supply drivetrain components for a leading global truck OEM's new electrified heavy-duty vehicle, with initial deliveries expected in 2026. This contract establishes Sypris as the sole North American source for these parts, following close collaboration in design to meet demanding performance, weight, cost, and durability specifications. The deal also supports the OEM's decarbonization and net-zero emissions goals."], ["20250626", "The U.S. stock market experienced sharp volatility in Q2 2025 but showed a strong rebound, with the Nasdaq Composite outperforming other indices. Despite tariff policies and geopolitical tensions, tech and AI stocks led the recovery. Five sector ETFs, including those focused on uranium, crypto, internet, video games, and gold explorers, were highlighted as top performers."], ["20250626", "Ascent Solar Technologies has entered a Collaborative Agreement Notice (CAN) with NASA Marshall Space Flight Center and Glenn Research Center to advance thin-film PV power beaming capabilities. This public-private partnership aims to rapidly develop commercial products for receiving beamed power using Ascent's CIGS PV modules, ultimately reducing the cost, complexity, and risk of NASA missions including Artemis and CLPS. The 12-month technology maturation will focus on increasing array power output and lengthening operational duty cycles to enable critical lunar infrastructure and scientific exploration."], ["20250626", "Sypris Technologies, Inc. has secured a long-term contract to supply drivetrain components for a leading global truck OEM's new electrified heavy-duty vehicle, with initial deliveries expected to begin in 2026. The company will be the sole North American source for these parts, developed through close collaboration to meet stringent performance, weight, cost, and durability specifications. This partnership also supports the customer's decarbonization goals and net-zero emissions objective."], ["20250626", "Global listed infrastructure is increasingly recognized as a resilient and forward-looking asset class, offering diversification and growth despite market uncertainties. Portfolio managers David Costello (Magellan Asset Management) and Warryn Robertson (Lazard Asset Management) advocate for its core allocation in diversified portfolios, citing its inflation protection, predictable returns, and role in global megatrends like energy transition and digitalization. The sector combines equity-like growth with bond-like defensiveness, outperforming broader markets with lower volatility."], ["20250626", "Morningstar believes Occidental Petroleum (OXY), a stock Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway expects to hold long-term, is currently undervalued by 28%. Despite not having an economic moat, the company is improving its balance sheet and returns on invested capital following its CrownRock acquisition, making its stock a compelling buy according to Morningstar's analysis. Key metrics include a fair value estimate of $59 per share and a \"Very High\" uncertainty rating due to commodity price fluctuations and regulatory risks."], ["20250625", "Morgan Stanley has increased its price target for Vistra (VST) stock from $178 to $186, maintaining an \"Overweight\" rating. This upgrade is driven by strong power sector fundamentals, particularly the rising electricity demand from AI-driven data centers, Vistra's strategic position with nuclear and battery storage assets, and its financial discipline. Vistra is an integrated power company with a diverse portfolio, and is also recognized as one of the top AI stocks by billionaire David Tepper."], ["20250625", "Energy Fuels' Donald Rare Earth and Mineral Sand Project in Victoria, Australia, a joint venture with Astron Corporation, has received its final major regulatory approval for construction and operation. This milestone allows for the finalization of financing and a potential Final Investment Decision (FID) as early as the end of 2025. The project aims to provide a long-term supply of rare earth mineral concentrate to Energy Fuels' White Mesa Mill in Utah, bolstering the U.S. supply chain for critical rare earth elements."], ["20250625", "Parkland Corp. shareholders have overwhelmingly approved the sale of the company to Sunoco LP for $9.1 billion in cash and stock. The deal, expected to close later in 2025, will make Sunoco the largest independent fuel distributor in America and includes the acquisition of Parkland's Burnaby refinery. This strategic combination is anticipated to bring significant financial benefits and maintain Canadian jobs and Parkland's Calgary headquarters."], ["20250625", "Surf Air Mobility Inc. announced a registered direct offering of 10,800,002 shares of common stock (or pre-funded warrants) at $2.50 per share, aiming to raise approximately $27 million. The offering is expected to close on June 26, 2025, with proceeds intended for debt repayment and general corporate purposes. H.C. Wainwright & Co. is acting as the exclusive placement agent for the transaction."], ["20250625", "Shares of Surf Air Mobility, a provider of regional on-demand charter flight services, soared for a second consecutive day after Palantir disclosed it acquired a 20% stake in the company. The stock jumped 88% during Tuesday's session, with trading briefly paused due to volatility."], ["20250625", "Nano-cap stock Surf Air Mobility Inc. (SRFM) saw its shares rocket nearly 90% after Palantir Technologies (PLTR) disclosed boosting its stake to 19.9% by purchasing an additional 1.04 million shares. This news ignited \"extremely bullish\" sentiment among retail traders on Stocktwits, with message volume soaring over 16,000% and some even predicting a billion-dollar valuation for Surf Air Mobility as a pure-play AI aviation company. Palantir's increased investment, acquired as consideration for services, highlights its continued interest in the aviation sector, following previous tie-ups like with Archer Aviation."], ["20250625", "SLB OneSubsea has been awarded an engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC) contract by Equinor for a CO2 subsea injection system as part of the Northern Lights phase two project offshore Norway. This expansion will increase the CO2 storage capacity from 1.5 million to a minimum of 5 million tonnes per year. The contract builds on the successful delivery of phase one in 2023, highlighting the benefits of subsea standardization for both traditional and new energy projects."], ["20250625", "SolarEdge Technologies has started assembling its Home Battery in Salt Lake City, Utah, adding to its existing U.S. manufacturing sites in Florida and Texas. This expansion means SolarEdge now produces its full residential offering\u2014inverter, power optimizer, and battery\u2014domestically. The company emphasizes that this move supports its growth, ensures supply chain stability, and is bolstered by American energy tax credits, which it urges lawmakers to continue."], ["20250625", "Robin Energy Ltd. (NASDAQ:RBNE) announced a registered direct offering to institutional investors, selling 1,020,000 common shares at $3.50 each, projected to raise $3.6 million in gross proceeds. The company, an international ship-owning firm providing energy transportation services, intends to use the net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes. The offering is expected to close on June 25, 2025."], ["20250625", "BlackRock has launched a new index fund, the iShares Texas Equity ETF (TEXN), focused exclusively on publicly traded companies headquartered in Texas. This move aims to provide investors with targeted exposure to the state's robust economy, citing its \"twin engines\" of business and population growth that have made Texas the world's eighth-largest economy if standalone. The launch follows a period of friction between BlackRock and the state over ESG policies, and the firm recently withdrew from the Net-Zero Asset Managers Initiative."], ["20250625", "QuantumScape (NYSE: QS) stock surged following reports of a significant breakthrough in its solid-state battery technology. The company announced successful initial testing results for its new battery chemistry, which showed strong performance in retention and power output. This development is seen as a crucial step towards commercializing solid-state batteries, potentially transforming the electric vehicle market and other sectors."], ["20250625", "Corning Incorporated, a materials science company known for life-changing innovations since the mid-19th century, maintains a thrumming research machine that explores early-stage work without always having a defined application in mind. The company's unique culture of innovation and substantial investment in R&D, including 20% for exploratory efforts, keeps its innovations coming. Corning's deep understanding of materials science, particularly glass, optical physics, and ceramics, combined with manufacturing process capabilities, has led to numerous breakthroughs and positions it for future advancements in areas like Generative AI, semiconductors, and renewable energy."], ["20250625", "Nextracker's NX Horizon\u2122 solar trackers have been chosen to power the 550 MW \u201cOricheio PPC Ptolemaida\u201d solar PV park in Western Macedonia, Greece. This project, one of Europe's largest, repurposes a former coal mine and is expected to provide nearly 1.8% of Greece's electricity annually. The initiative highlights Nextracker's expanding global presence and Europe's move towards energy independence and net-zero carbon goals."], ["20250625", "Appleby served as Cayman Islands legal counsel for Namib Minerals Limited in its successful business combination with Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI. This transaction, Africa's largest De-SPAC deal to date, resulted in Namib Minerals becoming a Nasdaq-listed company under the ticker \"NMM\", with a pre-money enterprise valuation of $500 million. The company, focused on copper production in Namibia, stands to gain further shares upon achieving operational milestones at its Mazowe and Redwing mines."], ["20250625", "Cheniere Energy plans a significant expansion of its liquefied natural gas (LNG) export capabilities, investing nearly $3 billion in its Corpus Christi facility. This project will add 3 million metric tons per annum (mtpa) to its production, increasing the total liquefaction capacity at Corpus Christi to over 30 mtpa later this decade. The expansion, along with other debottlenecking efforts, is expected to boost Cheniere's overall LNG production capacity across its Sabine Pass and Corpus Christi platforms to over 60 mtpa."], ["20250625", "Cheniere Energy has approved the final investment decision to expand its Corpus Christi LNG project, which will boost its global export capacity. This expansion, involving Bechtel Energy for CCL Midscale Trains 8 and 9, is part of Cheniere\u2019s plan to double its LNG production to 90 million metric tonnes per annum (mtpa) and deploy over $25 billion in capital by the end of the decade. The company also raised its projected run-rate LNG production capacity to 60-63 mtpa."], ["20250625", "Korea Electric Power Corp. (KEPCO) has seen its stock price surge, reaching a 7-year high due to the revitalization of the nuclear power ecosystem and stabilizing oil prices. Analysts attribute the growth to KEPCO and its subsidiary KHNP's strong position in overseas nuclear power exports, with potential annual orders exceeding 20 trillion won. The stabilization of oil prices, partly due to a possible Middle East ceasefire, has also positively impacted KEPCO's stock performance."], ["20250625", "Garmin has expanded its FAA Data Comm solution to the broad retrofit market through its GTN 750Xi series navigators, integrating with the GDR 66 VHF data link. This allows text-based communication with air traffic control, reducing errors and streamlining departure and enroute clearances for many aircraft, especially when paired with TXi flight displays. The solution aims to enhance safety and efficiency for pilots."], ["20250625", "Energy Transfer LP announced its subsidiary, Energy Transfer LNG Export, LLC, signed an incremental Sale and Purchase Agreement (SPA) with Chevron for an additional 1.0 million tonnes per annum (mtpa) of LNG supply from its Lake Charles LNG export facility. This agreement increases Chevron\u2019s total contracted volume to 3.0 mtpa and reflects growing global demand for reliable, long-term LNG supply. The deal is subject to Energy Transfer LNG making a positive final investment decision and other conditions."], ["20250625", "EOG Resources (NYSE: EOG) stock is considered attractive at its current price of around $120, trading below historical averages despite strong fundamentals. The stock's recent 4% dip, along with other oil-linked stocks, was attributed to easing Middle East tensions and a fragile ceasefire, reducing fears of supply disruptions. EOG's strong financial health, including a low valuation, high profitability, and recent acquisition of Encino Acquisition Partners, positions it as a potential buy, though investors seeking lower volatility might consider diversified portfolios."], ["20250625", "Electrovaya Inc. announced that its CEO, Dr. Raj DasGupta, will participate in the ROTH 15th Annual - London Conference on June 25-26, 2025. He will engage in one-on-one and small group meetings with European institutional investors to discuss the Company's strategic initiatives, technology roadmap, and long-term growth outlook. Electrovaya is a leading lithium-ion battery technology company with extensive intellectual property and manufacturing operations in Canada and planned expansion in New York state."], ["20250625", "Eni SPA has awarded Saipem SPA a \u20ac155-million contract for the expansion of its Venice biorefinery. This project aims to increase the facility's capacity from 400,000 tpy to 600,000 tpy, enabling the production of sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) by 2027. This expansion is part of Eni's broader strategy to convert traditional refineries into renewable fuel producers, with plans to achieve over 5 million tpy of biorefining capacity by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2050."], ["20250625", "Joi Harris has been appointed president and CEO of DTE Energy, effective September 8, 2025. She will succeed Jerry Norcia, who will transition to executive chairman of the board. Harris has a long history with DTE, having started as a high school engineering co-op and serving in various leadership roles, most recently as president and COO."], ["20250625", "Shell has denied reports from the Wall Street Journal that it was in early discussions to acquire its rival BP. A Shell spokesperson explicitly stated that \"No talks are taking place,\" emphasizing the company's focus on internal value creation through performance, discipline, and simplification. This rebuttal follows CEO Wael Sawan's consistent stance that Shell has a high bar for large acquisitions, preferring share buybacks over such deals."], ["20250625", "This article provides real-time stock information for COtwo Advisors Physical European Carbon Allowance Trust (CTWO) on NYSE Arca. It details the current stock price, volume, 52-week range, and key stats such as open, day high, day low, and previous close. The article also notes the absence of recent news for this security."], ["20250625", "Alaska Airlines has inaugurated a new daily nonstop service between Seattle and Tokyo Narita, marking the start of a major international expansion from Seattle. The airline plans to serve at least 12 international destinations with widebody aircraft from Seattle by 2030, with Seoul Incheon as the next long-haul addition. The new connection aims to transform Seattle-Tacoma International Airport into a premier global gateway, leveraging Seattle's geographical proximity to Tokyo."], ["20250625", "Minera peruana Buenaventura S.A.A. plans to begin gold production at its San Gabriel project in Moquegua by November 2025, with an investment of US$ 750 million. The company expects the project to produce 100,000 to 120,000 ounces of gold annually over its 14-year lifespan, helping to reverse a recent decline in its gold output. Construction is 80% complete, and initial testing is set for July, but formal operations depend on obtaining the necessary operating license and securing an electricity transmission concession."], ["20250625", "LKQ Corporation released its 2024 Sustainability Report, \"Doing Our Part For a More Sustainable World,\" detailing its commitment to profitable growth through sustainable, efficient, and ethical business practices. The report highlights a 3-pillar strategy focused on sustainable solutions, people-led performance, and strong governance, underpinned by the company's circular economy foundation. In 2024, LKQ processed 735,000 vehicles, sold 12 million salvaged parts, and reduced its Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 16% compared to 2022."], ["20250625", "Euroholdings Ltd. reported its financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2025, following its spin-off from Euroseas Ltd. The company announced a net income of $11.1 million, driven significantly by a $10.23 million gain from the sale of a vessel, and declared its first quarterly common stock dividend of $0.14 per share. Recent developments include a majority share sale to Marla Investments Inc., an affiliate of the Latsis family, though the company's management remains unchanged."], ["20250625", "Euroholdings Ltd. announced its financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, reporting net income of $11.1 million and adjusted net income of $0.9 million. The company also declared its first quarterly common stock dividend of $0.14 per share following its spin-off from Euroseas Ltd. A significant development includes the sale of a controlling stake (51.04%) to Marla Investments Inc., an affiliate of the Latsis family, though the Pittas family retains a 7.6% interest and management remains unchanged."], ["20250625", "Cheniere Energy, Inc. has reached a positive Final Investment Decision (FID) for its Corpus Christi Midscale Trains 8 & 9 and debottlenecking project, issuing a full notice to proceed with construction. This expansion is expected to add over 3 million tpy of LNG liquefaction capacity, increasing the Corpus Christi LNG terminal's total capacity to over 30 million tpy. The company also updated its run-rate LNG production outlook to over 60 million tpy across its platform and plans further brownfield expansions to reach approximately 75 million tpy by the early 2030s."], ["20250625", "Southwest Airlines CEO Bob Jordan stated the company is open to introducing airport lounges, premium seating, and long-haul international flights to attract high-spending customers. This marks a significant shift as the airline reviews its business model, including previously established policies like open seating and free checked bags. The move aims to better compete with rivals and prevent customers from choosing other airlines for luxury amenities or international travel."], ["20250625", "Surf Air Mobility Inc. announced a registered direct offering to sell over 10.8 million shares of common stock at $2.50 per share, aiming to raise approximately $27 million. The proceeds will be used to pay down debt and for general corporate purposes. This offering comes despite the company's significant debt and projected revenue decline for fiscal year 2025, as it continues to optimize operations and develop electrified aircraft technology."], ["20250625", "Alexander Hansson has surpassed his father, Herbjorn Hansson, as the largest shareholder in Nordic American Tankers by accumulating over 5 million shares. This move solidifies his position within the company, which his father leads as chief executive. The article details this significant shift in the company's ownership structure."], ["20250625", "Xcel Energy Inc. announced that its Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend of 57 cents per share on its common stock. The dividends are payable on July 20, 2025, to shareholders of record as of June 13, 2025. Xcel Energy operates in 8 Western and Midwestern states, providing electricity and natural gas services to millions of customers."], ["20250625", "Brazilian mining company Vale aims to cease using water for iron ore processing at its Carajas mines by 2027. This move will eliminate the generation of tailings and the need for new dams. Concurrently, Vale plans to expand pellet feed production by reusing mine waste, with its Gelado Project expected to double production by 2026."], ["20250625", "Cheniere Energy Inc. has made a final investment decision to add two \"midscale\" trains (8 & 9) to its Corpus Christi LNG facility, increasing its capacity by over 3 million metric tons per annum (MMtpa). These new trains are part of a larger expansion, including the already under-construction Stage 3, aiming to significantly boost Cheniere's liquefaction capacity to approximately 75 MMtpa by the early 2030s. The company is also increasing its capital allocation targets, including a planned dividend increase and expects to generate over $25 billion of available cash through 2030."], ["20250625", "Surf Air Mobility Inc. (SRFM) shares jumped over 34% after Palantir Technologies significantly increased its stake and Surf Air Mobility rolled out a new AI-powered software suite, SurfOS. Despite financial challenges like a negative net income and low current ratio, investor optimism is fueled by strategic partnerships and technological advancements aimed at long-term profitability. The company faces the task of balancing innovation dreams with the need for strong financial discipline."], ["20250625", "Koppers Holdings Inc. published its 2024 Corporate Sustainability Report, highlighting achievements in safety, solar energy production, and community support following hurricanes. The report details progress on the company's Sustainability Plan, driven by values of People, Planet, and Performance, and emphasizes strengthening sustainability strategy and governance for future growth and value creation. Koppers also received recognition from Newsweek and USA Today for its responsible practices."], ["20250625", "The OpenGMSL Association has launched to establish Analog Devices' (ADI) Gigabit Multimedia Serial Link (GMSL) as an open SerDes standard for in-vehicle video and data transmission. This initiative, backed by major automotive players, aims to accelerate innovation, reduce costs, and make advanced vehicle technologies more accessible globally, especially in emerging markets like India. The standardization of GMSL will enable interoperability and simplify integration for critical features such as ADAS and advanced infotainment systems."], ["20250625", "Electrovaya Inc. announced that its CEO, Dr. Raj DasGupta, will participate in the ROTH 15th Annual-London Conference to engage with leading European institutional investors. He will discuss the company's strategic initiatives, technology roadmap, and long-term growth outlook. The conference will be held on June 25-26, 2025, at the Four Seasons Park Lane in London, UK."], ["20250625", "Faraday Future is preparing for an exclusive private preview and Co-Creation event for its new FX Super One MPV on June 29 in Los Angeles, unveiling several vehicles to over 100 invited guests. This event marks the beginning of Faraday X\u2019s \u201cProduct Execution & Launch Season,\u201d with a global online product launch scheduled for July 17, 2025. The FX Super One is designed as the first-ever First Class AI-MPV for the U.S. market, targeting a broader audience with state-of-the-art luxury technology."], ["20250625", "Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc. (NASDAQ: FFAI) is hosting an exclusive private preview and Co-Creation launch event for its FX Super One MPV on June 29 in Los Angeles. Over 100 invited guests, including investors and partners, will attend to see the \"First Class AI-MPV designed for the U.S. market.\" This event kicks off Faraday X's \"Product Execution & Launch Season,\" followed by a global online product launch on July 17, 2025."], ["20250625", "Vinson & Elkins LLP advised Global Partners LP (NYSE:GLP) and GLP Finance Corp. in their upsized private placement of $450.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.125% senior notes due 2033. The transaction closed on June 23, 2025. The notes were offered to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, representing several initial purchasers."], ["20250625", "Latham & Watkins LLP advised the initial purchasers in Tidewater Inc.'s private offering of US$650 million in unsecured senior notes due 2030, bearing an interest rate of 9.125% per year. Tidewater intends to use the proceeds to repay existing secured term loans and redeem outstanding senior secured and unsecured bonds. The transaction was led by a Texas-based Capital Markets team from Latham & Watkins."], ["20250625", "Ford Motor Company has unveiled the enhanced 2026 Territory, featuring a refreshed design, an expanded suite of advanced driver-assist systems, and an efficient 1.8L EcoBoost engine with a hybrid variant coming soon. The SUV boasts improved connectivity with SYNC 4 and FordPass integration, aiming to provide convenience, comfort, and capability to customers in key growth markets. The vehicle highlights bold design, practical innovation, and advanced safety features, reinforcing its position as a favorite among dynamic families."], ["20250625", "LKQ Corporation and SYNETIQ Ltd. have formed a joint venture called LKQ SYNETIQ to enhance LKQ Europe's vehicle recycled parts strategy and meet future EU regulations regarding vehicle and battery recycling. This partnership combines LKQ's distribution network with SYNETIQ's dismantling and recycling expertise, aiming to provide affordable and sustainable repair options across Europe, including for hybrid and EV models. The initiative seeks to give customers genuine choice, reduce the carbon footprint of repairs, and support the U.K. salvage sector."], ["20250625", "Largo Inc. reported significant improvements in May 2025 production rates for both vanadium pentoxide (V\u2082O\u2085) and ilmenite concentrate, signaling progress in its operational turnaround plans at the Marac\u00e1s Menchen Mine. The company increased V\u2082O\u2085 production by 75% and ilmenite concentrate production by 65% compared to April, and remains positive about achieving its 2025 production guidance. Largo also disclosed a default notice received from a counterparty regarding failure to deliver V\u2082O\u2085 and alleged unfulfilled specifications."], ["20250624", "CDB Aviation has delivered three Airbus A320neo aircraft to Volaris, a long-standing customer, enabling the airline to optimize its fleet for the peak summer travel season. This swift transaction highlights the strong partnership between CDB Aviation and Volaris, with both companies expressing commitment to continued collaboration and growth in the dynamic aviation market. Volaris plans to use these aircraft to enhance connectivity across its routes in Mexico, the United States, and Central and South America."], ["20250624", "The Governor's Office in Ciudad Ju\u00e1rez facilitated a meeting between The Toro Company and the Federal Electricity Commission (CFE) to secure electricity for an industrial expansion. Toro Company plans to relocate 15 production lines, creating 300-350 jobs initially. The high-level discussions aim to ensure a reliable energy supply for the growing demand from this expansion."], ["20250624", "Parkland Corp.'s shareholders have approved Sunoco LP's $9.1 billion acquisition proposal, with over 93% voting in favor. The deal, which includes the election of 10 nominees to Parkland's board, is expected to close in the second half of 2025, pending court approval. This acquisition is significant for both companies, as it will impact their rankings in the U.S. and Canadian convenience store markets."], ["20250624", "S&P Global Commodity Insights has increased its 10-year production outlook for Canadian oil sands, projecting record annual average production of 3.5 million b/d in 2025 and over 3.9 million b/d by 2030, a half-million barrels per day higher than 2024. This upward revision, the fourth consecutive, is driven by favorable economics and producers focusing on optimizing existing assets, despite lower oil prices. The analysis estimates a 2025 half-cycle break-even cost of approximately US$27/b, with continued growth expected even as export capacity concerns persist."], ["20250624", "Joby Aviation is experiencing significant growth in the eVTOL industry, driven by progress toward commercialization, a 65% stock increase, and a supportive executive order from President Trump. The company is preparing to launch air taxi services in the U.S. and is expanding internationally through partnerships while addressing market share challenges and high volatility."], ["20250624", "The first hand-built Cadillac CELESTIQ, an ultra-luxury electric sedan, has been delivered to its owner in a private ceremony. This bespoke vehicle, designed through a highly personalized client experience, re-establishes Cadillac's \"Standard of the World\" ethos with its advanced technology, performance, and refined design. The CELESTIQ boasts 655 horsepower, 646 lb-ft of torque, a 3.7-second 0-60 mph acceleration, and an estimated 303 miles of battery range, with prices starting in the mid-$300,000 range."], ["20250624", "Golar LNG is accelerating plans for its next floating liquefied natural gas (FLNG) unit(s) following the start of commercial operations for FLNG Gimi at the Greater Tortue Ahmeyim project. This milestone unlocks a significant earnings backlog for Golar and positions Mauritania and Senegal as new LNG exporters. The company is actively exploring options for future FLNG units, including different capacities, and has secured charters for two FLNGs in Argentina, one being for FLNG Hilli Episeyo and another for a new MK II unit."], ["20250624", "Golar LNG Ltd announced that its FLNG Gimi has reached the commercial operations date (COD) for its 20-year lease and operate agreement for the Greater Tortue Ahmeyim (GTA) project. This milestone unlocks approximately US$3 billion of adjusted EBITDA backlog for Golar and establishes Mauritania and Senegal as LNG exporters. Following this achievement, Golar is accelerating work on its next FLNG units, exploring various design options and capacities from 2.7 million to 5 million tpy."], ["20250624", "Eversource has filed new Default Service supply rates with the New Hampshire Public Utilities Commission, proposing an increase for residential customers from 8.9 cents to 11.2 cents per kilowatt-hour, effective August 1. This change could lead to an average bill increase of 9.9% for residential customers. The company also advises customers on energy efficiency measures and to compare rates with alternative suppliers due to market volatility and increased summer usage."], ["20250624", "Marianna Latsi has acquired 51% of the listed shipping company EuroHoldings Ltd through her company Marla Investments Inc. The transaction involved a stock purchase agreement at $12.90 per share, with the Pittas family retaining a 7.6% stake. The deal also includes changes to the board of directors and aims to enhance long-term value for shareholders."], ["20250624", "Zacks Investment Ideas spotlights Tesla, eBay, PayPal, and Alphabet, focusing on Tesla's robotaxi debut. Tesla shares spiked over 6% after launching its robotaxi service in Austin, Texas, using modified Model Y vehicles. The article highlights Elon Musk's measured approach to this high-stakes launch and acknowledges skepticism while noting the potential for significant growth if the service scales successfully."], ["20250624", "Con Edison has requested its entire New York City customer base, including all 3.6 million electric and 1.1 million gas customers, to conserve energy due to a severe heat wave. The utility is reducing voltage in some areas and has asked customers to limit the use of energy-intensive appliances and set air conditioners to higher comfortable temperatures to prevent blackouts. This comes as the city experiences potentially the hottest day in a decade, with temperatures possibly reaching 100 degrees Fahrenheit in Central Park."], ["20250624", "Blink Charging has promoted Alex Calnan to Managing Director of Europe, effective July 1, 2025. Calnan, who previously served as Managing Director of the UK, will now oversee the company's operations across Europe, including the UK, Ireland, Belgium, and the Netherlands. He was co-founder of EB Charging, which Blink Charging acquired in 2022, and brings over a decade of experience in the EV charging industry."], ["20250624", "Roadtec Inc. - Astec Industries has introduced the new MTV-1100e material transfer vehicle, designed with a focus on operator and crew safety and efficiency. Key features include dual staircases for safe crossing of the paving train, a lower working platform for better visibility, a 250-hp Cummins QSB 6.7 T4F engine, and a 500-tph capacity dump hopper. The vehicle weighs 47,890 lbs and includes a 22-inch triple-pitch segmented auger."], ["20250624", "Arrive AI and Skye Air Mobility are partnering to expand secure drone delivery across India. This collaboration will implement Arrive AI's patented \"Arrive Points\" (secure smart mailboxes) to facilitate autonomous logistics, starting with 60 units in Gurugram and aiming for 500 across New Delhi. The initiative leverages India's growing drone market and aims to establish a trusted custody layer for drone deliveries while promoting sustainable practices."], ["20250624", "EuroHoldings, a NASDAQ-listed container shipping company, has announced a change in ownership. The Pittas family, founding shareholders, sold 51.04% of their common shares to Marla Investments, an entity affiliated with Greece\u2019s Latsis family, for approximately $18.5 million. Following the sale, two directors from the Pittas family stepped down, and new appointees from Marla Investments joined the board, while management services will continue to be provided by Pittas family-affiliated entities."], ["20250624", "Sasol's shares experienced their largest drop in five years, falling 14.79% to R80.96, as oil prices retreated following a temporary ceasefire and renewed conflict in the Middle East. Analysts suggest that global markets remain composed due to an existing oil surplus, the measured nature of military actions not targeting oil infrastructure, and an overstated risk of disruption in the Strait of Hormuz. The lower Brent crude price is seen as positive for moderating inflation, but it negatively impacted Sasol, which benefits from higher oil prices."], ["20250624", "This article summarizes a bullish thesis on Grupo Aeroportuario del Pac\u00edfico (PAC), highlighting its strong revenue growth, pricing power, and operational leverage despite softening international tourism. While facing some margin pressures and slower traffic growth compared to a competitor, PAC's new regulatory agreement and resilient fundamentals position it for long-term double-digit earnings growth. The market appears to undervalue PAC, making it an attractive entry point for long-term investors."], ["20250624", "Eversource has filed new Default Service supply rates with the New Hampshire Public Utilities Commission, proposing an increase for residential customers from 8.9 cents to 11.2 cents per kilowatt-hour, effective August 1. This change, along with anticipated adjustments for distribution and storm costs, is expected to raise the typical residential bill by approximately $13.61, or 9.9%. The company attributes the increase to market volatility and higher summer energy usage, while advising customers to explore energy efficiency measures and alternative suppliers."], ["20250624", "Enphase Energy Inc. (ENPH) shares rose significantly by 11.05% on Tuesday, closing at $38.38. This strong performance occurred on a positive trading day for the broader market, with both the S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average also seeing gains. The stock's increase broke a two-day losing streak for the company."], ["20250624", "Core Laboratories (NYSE: CLB) has scheduled its second quarter 2025 earnings conference call for July 24, 2025, at 7:30 a.m. CDT, with the earnings release on July 23, 2025, after market close. CEO Larry Bruno, CFO Chris Hill, and SVP Gwen Gresham will discuss the financial and operational results. Investors can access the webcast and replay on the company's website."], ["20250624", "The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) has found Boeing responsible for systemic safety failures leading to a midair door plug blowout on an Alaska Airlines 737 Max jet. The NTSB attributed the incident to Boeing's inadequate training, guidance, and oversight of its factory workers, along with missing bolts on the door plug. The FAA also shared blame for failing to ensure Boeing addressed repetitive nonconformance issues."], ["20250624", "BlackRock has launched the iShares Texas Equity ETF to capitalize on Texas's growth as a magnet for companies, capital, and jobs. The state\u2019s low taxes, business-friendly policies, and burgeoning tech and energy sectors have attracted significant investment and company relocations, including Tesla, SpaceX, Oracle, and Hewlett Packard Enterprise. This move comes as BlackRock navigates its complex relationship with Republican-leaning states over climate-focused investment policies, recently being removed from Texas's list of companies considered hostile to the energy sector after scaling back some climate commitments."], ["20250624", "Cheniere Energy Inc. has made a final investment decision (FID) on another expansion project at its Corpus Christi LNG (CCL) export terminal, adding two more trains to eventually increase the facility's output to over 30 Mt/y. With continued expansion plans at CCL and a major project at Sabine Pass, Cheniere aims to boost its overall LNG output to 75 Mt/y by the early 2030s, reinforcing its position as the largest U.S. LNG producer. This move comes amidst a robust U.S. LNG sector and aligns with Shell's projections of global LNG consumption reaching 630-718 Mt/y by 2040."], ["20250624", "Tesla's Robotaxi service successfully launched in Austin, causing TSLA stock to rise by 3% in five days. The Simplify Volt TSLA Revolution ETF (TESL) offers an alternative investment opportunity, having shown significant returns despite a challenging year for Tesla. With positive analyst views and a revenue-sharing model potentially boosting Q3 2025 results, investors may consider this ETF."], ["20250624", "Parkland Corp. shareholders have approved the company's planned US$9.1-billion takeover by U.S. company Sunoco LP, along with the director nominees put forth by Parkland's management. This decision comes despite a previous proxy fight with an activist investor and opposition from another shareholder who felt the deal was rushed and undervalued. The takeover still requires approval under the Investment Canada Act and for the combined company's shares to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange."], ["20250624", "The Latsis family, through Marla Investments Inc., has acquired a 51.04% majority stake in the Nasdaq-listed shipping company EuroHoldings Ltd, marking a new era for the firm. This transaction, valued at over $18 million, involved the purchase of 1,437,697 shares at $12.90 each, without issuing new shares. Significant board changes have occurred, with the Pitta family retaining a 7.6% stake and remaining active in the operational management of the fleet through Eurobulk Ltd and Eurochart S.A."], ["20250624", "\u0397 \u03bf\u03b9\u03ba\u03bf\u03b3\u03ad\u03bd\u03b5\u03b9\u03b1 \u039b\u03ac\u03c4\u03c3\u03b7, \u03bc\u03ad\u03c3\u03c9 \u03c4\u03b7\u03c2 Marla Investments Inc., \u03b1\u03c0\u03ad\u03ba\u03c4\u03b7\u03c3\u03b5 \u03c0\u03bb\u03b5\u03b9\u03bf\u03c8\u03b7\u03c6\u03b9\u03ba\u03cc \u03c0\u03bf\u03c3\u03bf\u03c3\u03c4\u03cc 51,04% \u03c3\u03c4\u03b7 \u03bd\u03b1\u03c5\u03c4\u03b9\u03bb\u03b9\u03b1\u03ba\u03ae \u03b5\u03c4\u03b1\u03b9\u03c1\u03b5\u03af\u03b1 EuroHoldings Ltd, \u03b5\u03be\u03b1\u03b3\u03bf\u03c1\u03ac\u03b6\u03bf\u03bd\u03c4\u03b1\u03c2 \u03bc\u03b5\u03c4\u03bf\u03c7\u03ad\u03c2 \u03b1\u03c0\u03cc \u03c4\u03b7\u03bd \u03bf\u03b9\u03ba\u03bf\u03b3\u03ad\u03bd\u03b5\u03b9\u03b1 \u03a0\u03af\u03c4\u03c4\u03b1 \u03b3\u03b9\u03b1 \u03c0\u03ac\u03bd\u03c9 \u03b1\u03c0\u03cc 18 \u03b5\u03ba\u03b1\u03c4\u03bf\u03bc\u03bc\u03cd\u03c1\u03b9\u03b1 \u03b4\u03bf\u03bb\u03ac\u03c1\u03b9\u03b1. \u0397 \u03c3\u03c5\u03bc\u03c6\u03c9\u03bd\u03af\u03b1 \u03c0\u03b5\u03c1\u03b9\u03bb\u03b1\u03bc\u03b2\u03ac\u03bd\u03b5\u03b9 \u03b1\u03bb\u03bb\u03b1\u03b3\u03ad\u03c2 \u03c3\u03c4\u03bf \u03b4\u03b9\u03bf\u03b9\u03ba\u03b7\u03c4\u03b9\u03ba\u03cc \u03c3\u03c5\u03bc\u03b2\u03bf\u03cd\u03bb\u03b9\u03bf \u03ba\u03b1\u03b9 \u03cc\u03c1\u03bf\u03c5\u03c2 \u03b3\u03b9\u03b1 \u03c0\u03c1\u03cc\u03c3\u03b8\u03b5\u03c4\u03b5\u03c2 \u03c0\u03bb\u03b7\u03c1\u03c9\u03bc\u03ad\u03c2, \u03b5\u03bd\u03ce \u03b7 \u03bc\u03b5\u03c4\u03bf\u03c7\u03ae \u03c4\u03b7\u03c2 EuroHoldings \u03c3\u03b7\u03bc\u03b5\u03af\u03c9\u03c3\u03b5 \u03ac\u03bd\u03bf\u03b4\u03bf \u03ac\u03bd\u03c9 \u03c4\u03bf\u03c5 25% \u03c3\u03c4\u03bf Nasdaq. \u0391\u03c5\u03c4\u03ae \u03b7 \u03ba\u03af\u03bd\u03b7\u03c3\u03b7 \u03b8\u03b5\u03c9\u03c1\u03b5\u03af\u03c4\u03b1\u03b9 \u03bc\u03af\u03b1 \u03b1\u03c0\u03cc \u03c4\u03b9\u03c2 \u03c3\u03b7\u03bc\u03b1\u03bd\u03c4\u03b9\u03ba\u03cc\u03c4\u03b5\u03c1\u03b5\u03c2 \u03c3\u03c4\u03bf\u03bd \u03b5\u03bb\u03bb\u03b7\u03bd\u03cc\u03ba\u03c4\u03b7\u03c4\u03bf \u03bd\u03b1\u03c5\u03c4\u03b9\u03bb\u03b9\u03b1\u03ba\u03cc \u03c7\u03ce\u03c1\u03bf, \u03b5\u03bd\u03b9\u03c3\u03c7\u03cd\u03bf\u03bd\u03c4\u03b1\u03c2 \u03c4\u03b7\u03bd \u03b5\u03bc\u03c0\u03b9\u03c3\u03c4\u03bf\u03c3\u03cd\u03bd\u03b7 \u03c4\u03c9\u03bd \u03b5\u03c0\u03b5\u03bd\u03b4\u03c5\u03c4\u03ce\u03bd."], ["20250624", "BlackRock has launched a Texas-focused exchange-traded fund (ETF) called TEXN, aiming to capitalize on the state's economic growth fuelled by company relocations and business-friendly policies. The iShares Texas Equity ETF will invest in Texas-headquartered companies. This move coincides with increasing Wall Street interest in the state, despite BlackRock's complex past relationship with Texas officials over its climate-focused investment policies."], ["20250624", "\u0397 \u03bf\u03b9\u03ba\u03bf\u03b3\u03ad\u03bd\u03b5\u03b9\u03b1 \u039b\u03ac\u03c4\u03c3\u03b7, \u03bc\u03ad\u03c3\u03c9 \u03c4\u03b7\u03c2 Marla Investments Inc., \u03b1\u03c0\u03ad\u03ba\u03c4\u03b7\u03c3\u03b5 \u03c4\u03bf 51,04% \u03c4\u03c9\u03bd \u03bc\u03b5\u03c4\u03bf\u03c7\u03ce\u03bd \u03c4\u03b7\u03c2 \u03b5\u03b9\u03c3\u03b7\u03b3\u03bc\u03ad\u03bd\u03b7\u03c2 \u03c3\u03c4\u03bf Nasdaq \u03bd\u03b1\u03c5\u03c4\u03b9\u03bb\u03b9\u03b1\u03ba\u03ae\u03c2 EuroHoldings \u03b1\u03c0\u03cc \u03c4\u03b7\u03bd \u03bf\u03b9\u03ba\u03bf\u03b3\u03ad\u03bd\u03b5\u03b9\u03b1 \u03a0\u03af\u03c4\u03c4\u03b1, \u03ad\u03bd\u03b1\u03bd\u03c4\u03b9 12,90 \u03b4\u03bf\u03bb\u03b1\u03c1\u03af\u03c9\u03bd \u03b1\u03bd\u03ac \u03bc\u03b5\u03c4\u03bf\u03c7\u03ae. \u0391\u03c5\u03c4\u03ae \u03b7 \u03c3\u03c5\u03bd\u03b1\u03bb\u03bb\u03b1\u03b3\u03ae, \u03c3\u03c5\u03bd\u03bf\u03bb\u03b9\u03ba\u03ae\u03c2 \u03b1\u03be\u03af\u03b1\u03c2 1.437.697 \u03bc\u03b5\u03c4\u03bf\u03c7\u03ce\u03bd, \u03c3\u03b7\u03bc\u03b1\u03c4\u03bf\u03b4\u03bf\u03c4\u03b5\u03af \u03c4\u03b7\u03bd \u03b5\u03c0\u03b9\u03c3\u03c4\u03c1\u03bf\u03c6\u03ae \u03c4\u03bf\u03c5 \u03bf\u03bc\u03af\u03bb\u03bf\u03c5 \u039b\u03ac\u03c4\u03c3\u03b7 \u03c3\u03c4\u03bf\u03bd \u03c3\u03c4\u03c1\u03b1\u03c4\u03b7\u03b3\u03b9\u03ba\u03cc \u03bd\u03b1\u03c5\u03c4\u03b9\u03bb\u03b9\u03b1\u03ba\u03cc \u03ba\u03bb\u03ac\u03b4\u03bf, \u03b4\u03b9\u03b1\u03c4\u03b7\u03c1\u03ce\u03bd\u03c4\u03b1\u03c2 \u03c0\u03b1\u03c1\u03ac\u03bb\u03bb\u03b7\u03bb\u03b1 \u03c4\u03b7\u03bd \u03b5\u03c0\u03b9\u03c7\u03b5\u03b9\u03c1\u03b7\u03c3\u03b9\u03b1\u03ba\u03ae \u03c3\u03c5\u03bd\u03ad\u03c7\u03b5\u03b9\u03b1 \u03ba\u03b1\u03b9 \u03c4\u03b7\u03bd \u03c5\u03c6\u03b9\u03c3\u03c4\u03ac\u03bc\u03b5\u03bd\u03b7 \u03b4\u03b9\u03bf\u03b9\u03ba\u03b7\u03c4\u03b9\u03ba\u03ae \u03bf\u03bc\u03ac\u03b4\u03b1 \u03c4\u03b7\u03c2 EuroHoldings. \u03a9\u03c2 \u03b1\u03c0\u03bf\u03c4\u03ad\u03bb\u03b5\u03c3\u03bc\u03b1 \u03c4\u03b7\u03c2 \u03b5\u03be\u03b1\u03b3\u03bf\u03c1\u03ac\u03c2, \u03c5\u03c0\u03ae\u03c1\u03be\u03b1\u03bd \u03b1\u03bb\u03bb\u03b1\u03b3\u03ad\u03c2 \u03c3\u03c4\u03bf \u0394\u03b9\u03bf\u03b9\u03ba\u03b7\u03c4\u03b9\u03ba\u03cc \u03a3\u03c5\u03bc\u03b2\u03bf\u03cd\u03bb\u03b9\u03bf, \u03bc\u03b5 \u03c4\u03b7\u03bd \u03c0\u03b1\u03c1\u03b1\u03af\u03c4\u03b7\u03c3\u03b7 \u03c4\u03c9\u03bd \u03ba.\u03ba. \u0391\u03c1\u03b9\u03c3\u03c4\u03b5\u03af\u03b4\u03b7 \u03a0\u03af\u03c4\u03c4\u03b1 \u03ba\u03b1\u03b9 \u0391\u03bd\u03b1\u03c3\u03c4\u03ac\u03c3\u03b9\u03bf\u03c5 \u0391\u03c3\u03bb\u03b9\u03b4\u03ae \u03ba\u03b1\u03b9 \u03c4\u03b7\u03bd \u03c4\u03bf\u03c0\u03bf\u03b8\u03ad\u03c4\u03b7\u03c3\u03b7 \u03c4\u03c9\u03bd \u03ba.\u03ba. \u0393\u03b9\u03ce\u03c1\u03b3\u03bf\u03c5 \u039c\u03b1\u03c1\u03b3\u03b1\u03c1\u03ce\u03bd\u03b7 \u03ba\u03b1\u03b9 \u03a7\u03c1\u03ae\u03c3\u03c4\u03bf\u03c5 \u03a4\u03c1\u03b9\u03b1\u03bd\u03c4\u03b1\u03c6\u03c5\u03bb\u03bb\u03af\u03b4\u03b7."], ["20250624", "Dow Inc. is bringing new polyethylene (PE) production online at its manufacturing complex in Freeport, Texas. This announcement was made on June 24, 2025. The article highlights other related content including a chemical recycling tracker and news about people in plastics."], ["20250624", "BlackRock has launched a Texas-focused exchange-traded fund called iShares Texas Equity ETF, aiming to capitalize on the state's growing economic activity. Texas's low taxes and business-friendly policies have attracted numerous companies, including Tesla, SpaceX, Oracle, and Hewlett Packard Enterprise. BlackRock currently manages close to $380 billion in assets tied to public companies in Texas, solidifying its position as a major investor in the region."], ["20250624", "Defiance ETFs has introduced a new suite of single-stock leveraged and inverse ETFs: IONZ, OKLL, and SOUX. IONZ offers -200% short daily exposure to IonQ, while OKLL and SOUX provide 200% long daily exposure to Oklo and SoundHound AI, respectively. These ETFs are designed for knowledgeable investors seeking amplified daily targeted exposure to these specific companies without needing a margin account, but they carry significant risks due to their leveraged nature."], ["20250624", "Icon Energy Corp. announced the successful delivery of the M/V Charlie, a 2020-built, eco Ultramax dry bulk carrier, to its fleet on June 21, 2025. The vessel has been immediately time chartered-out for 9 to 12 months at a floating daily hire rate linked to the Baltic Supramax Index, with Icon also receiving a share of fuel cost savings. This delivery is part of Icon's strategy to expand its fleet through disciplined acquisitions and contribute to revenues."], ["20250624", "LKQ Corporation and SYNETIQ, an IAA company, have announced a strategic European joint venture named LKQ SYNETIQ. This venture aims to combine LKQ's distribution network with SYNETIQ's dismantling and recycling expertise to enhance the supply of recycled and remanufactured parts in Europe. The initiative is a key step in LKQ Europe\u2019s strategy to meet future EU regulations and offer sustainable, affordable mobility solutions."], ["20250624", "Eni has sold a 20 percent stake in its renewable energy arm, Plenitude, to Ares Management Corp. for approximately EUR 2 billion. This deal values Plenitude at EUR 10 billion equity value and over EUR 12 billion enterprise value. The transaction aims to strengthen Plenitude's market position, integrate its business model, and accelerate its growth through attracting new capital, aligning with Eni's \"satellite model\" strategy."], ["20250624", "Golar LNG Ltd.'s FLNG Gimi has achieved its commercial operations date, activating a 20-year lease for the BP-operated Greater Tortue Ahmeyim project. This milestone signifies the project's successful ramp-up to annual contracted LNG volumes and marks Mauritania and Senegal as new LNG exporters. Golar is now accelerating plans for future FLNG units, including redeployments and new conversions, to meet increasing demand."], ["20250624", "BlackRock has launched the iShares Texas Equity ETF (TEXN) to provide retail investors focused exposure to Texas-headquartered companies across energy, technology, and industrial sectors. The ETF targets the booming Texas economy, which reached a record $2.7 trillion in GDP in 2024 and has attracted over 300 business relocations since 2015. With a 0.20% expense ratio, TEXN tracks the Russell Texas Equity Index and is designed for investors seeking to capitalize on the state's significant economic growth and business-friendly environment."], ["20250624", "The Gencor Giraffe RAP (Recycled Asphalt Pavement) unit is a transportable system combining a bin, feeder, lump breaker, vibrating screen, and scale conveyor. Its unique design prevents material bridging and allows for precise material flow control. The unit also features an exclusive double-drum RAP lump breaker for efficient material size reduction without crushing aggregate, and a versatile folding bulkhead for flexible loading options."], ["20250624", "Dolche Truckload Corp. has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy following a default notice and a lawsuit from M&T Bank over unpaid tractor and trailer loan payments. The Illinois-based carrier, while reporting over $1.9 million in assets and $3.4 million in liabilities, stated it remains fully operational and is restructuring its debts rather than shutting down. Debts include over $1.9 million owed to M&T Bank for 2023 Freightliner trucks, a 2023 Volvo truck, and 2020 Wabash refrigerated trailers."], ["20250624", "FutureFuel Corp. has decided to idle its biodiesel production operations due to ongoing regulatory uncertainty. The company will now focus its resources entirely on accelerating the growth of its specialty chemicals business. This strategic shift aims to optimize FutureFuel's long-term profitability and market position."], ["20250624", "Acacia Research Corporation (Nasdaq: ACTG) has announced the appointment of Michael Zambito as its new Chief Financial Officer, effective June 24, 2025. Zambito brings 30 years of experience from Ernst & Young, including 17 years as a Partner in EY-Parthenon. This strategic hire aims to leverage Zambito's expertise to support Acacia's value-oriented approach to acquiring and operating businesses in the industrial, energy, and technology sectors."], ["20250624", "Emerson has released new battery energy storage system (BESS) solutions within its Ovation\u2122 Green portfolio, featuring advanced energy and asset management software. These solutions aim to optimize battery usage, extend battery life, and enhance profitability, efficiency, and sustainability for renewable energy storage and grid management. The system integrates with Zinara Technologies' software for improved visibility, control, and predictive safety features."], ["20250623", "Vitesse Energy (VTS) is presented as a high-yield dividend stock, offering a 9.6% dividend yield, which makes it attractive for passive income investors. The company's unique non-operated interests business model, strategic asset positioning, and robust hedging strategy allow it to maintain and grow dividends consistently. Vitesse Energy's focus on low leverage, efficient capital allocation, and strategic acquisitions contribute to its ability to sustain dividend payouts and offer long-term capital appreciation."], ["20250623", "Vision Marine Technologies Inc. has acquired Nautical Ventures Group, Inc., the 2024 Boating Industry \u201cDealer of the Year.\u201d This acquisition forms North America\u2019s first electric boat propulsion and boat dealership company, combining Vision Marine\u2019s E-Motion high-voltage electric powertrain with Nautical Ventures\u2019 retail footprint. The move aims to scale Vision Marine\u2019s strategy and accelerate the rollout of next-generation marine technology, leveraging Nautical Ventures' nine high-volume retail locations across Florida."], ["20250623", "VenHub Global, Inc. has launched a 24/7 AI-powered \"Smart Store\" at the LAX/Metro Transit Center. This autonomous retail store provides a frictionless, staffless shopping experience for travelers and transit riders, particularly in anticipation of the 2026 FIFA World Cup and the 2028 Olympic and Paralympic Games. The initiative is a partnership with LA Metro, with plans for more locations across Southern California."], ["20250623", "Toyota Motor Corp. is set to increase prices for several U.S. vehicle models, including both Toyota and Lexus brands, beginning in July, with average hikes of $270 and $208 respectively. This adjustment is part of a routine revision driven by market dynamics, competitive pricing, and ongoing cost pressures such as inflation and elevated import costs. The move follows similar actions by other automakers like Mitsubishi and highlights the challenges Japanese automakers face due to their reliance on imports and the impact of trade tariffs."], ["20250623", "Imperial Oil Limited announced a normal course issuer bid (NCIB) to repurchase up to 25.4 million common shares, representing five percent of its outstanding shares, starting June 29, 2025. This program, which allows ExxonMobil to maintain its 69.6% ownership, reflects Imperial's strong financial position and its commitment to returning cash to shareholders. The buyback follows a recent successful program where Imperial repurchased the maximum allowable shares, totaling approximately $2.681 billion."], ["20250623", "Golar LNG announced that its FLNG Gimi has reached the Commercial Operations Date (COD) for its 20-year Lease and Operate Agreement for the Greater Tortue Ahmeyim (GTA) project, unlocking an estimated $3 billion Adjusted EBITDA backlog for Golar. This milestone marks Mauritania and Senegal as LNG exporters and signals Golar's acceleration in developing its next FLNG units, exploring options for 3.5mtpa, 5mtpa, and up to 2.7mpta capacities. The company continues commercial discussions and engineering studies to guide the design of its fourth FLNG unit."], ["20250623", "The FLNG Gimi unit has begun commercial operations under a 20-year lease and operating contract, marking a significant step for the Greater Tortue Ahmeyim (GTA) megaproject off Mauritania and Senegal. This operation, expected to generate $3 billion in adjusted EBITDA, positions Mauritania and Senegal as new LNG exporters and strengthens Golar LNG's global strategy in the FLNG segment. Golar LNG is also advancing plans for next-generation FLNG units with larger capacities following this success."], ["20250623", "Golar LNG's floating liquefied natural gas (FLNG) unit Gimi has achieved Commercial Operations Date (COD) for its 20-year lease and operate agreement for BP's Greater Tortue Ahmeyim (GTA) project offshore Mauritania and Senegal. This milestone signifies that LNG production has successfully ramped up to an equivalent of 2.4 million tonnes per annum, triggering the start of the lease agreement and unlocking approximately $3 billion in Adjusted EBITDA for Golar LNG. The project has already seen several LNG cargo exports, with more expected in the near future."], ["20250623", "Golar LNG is accelerating its efforts on developing new FLNG (Floating Liquefied Natural Gas) units, including signing off a study for its first 5-mpta newbuilding. This comes as their Gimi vessel officially begins commercial operations off the coasts of Mauritania and Senegal, marking a significant step for the company."], ["20250623", "GE Vernova and IHI Corp. have launched a new Large-Scale Combustion Test (LCT) facility in Japan to develop gas turbine combustors capable of burning 100% ammonia by 2030. This initiative, stemming from a 2024 Joint Development Agreement, aims to create retrofittable systems for GE's F-class gas turbines, with full-scale prototype testing beginning in summer 2025. The technology focuses on a two-stage combustion system to manage ammonia's high nitrogen content and reduce NOx emissions."], ["20250623", "North Dakota plans to expand its in-state Legacy Fund investments by allocating up to $150 million into land, infrastructure, agriculture, and natural resources through an agreement with GCM Grosvenor. This move is part of the state's goal to invest $600 million into North Dakota equity, stimulating its economy and broadening its tax base. The Legacy Fund, currently valued at nearly $12 billion from oil tax revenue, aims to provide a reliable income source for the state long-term."], ["20250623", "Faraday Future announced the debut of FF AI 2.0, a significant software update built with OpenAI, for its FF 91 and future FX models. This intelligent in-car OS offers enhanced natural language understanding, real-time multilingual switching in over 50 languages, and a multi-agent AI architecture. The update aims to provide a new class of intelligent driving experiences and is designed to integrate large language models across core vehicle systems."], ["20250623", "Following the death of founder and executive chairman Frederick Smith, FedEx Corp. has appointed R. Brad Martin as its new chairman. Martin, who previously served as vice chairman, will take over from Smith, who revolutionized the parcel delivery business by founding FedEx Express Corp. fifty-four years ago. The board also voted to reduce its size to 12 members."], ["20250623", "Eversource Energy (ES) is a large-cap utility company with a stable, rate-regulated business model, but its stock performance has been mixed compared to the Dow Jones Industrials Average. While ES has seen positive gains recently, it has underperformed the Dow over the past 52 weeks and faces challenges from outsourced functions and regulatory burdens. Analysts, however, maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" rating with a projected upside."], ["20250623", "Blistering heat is straining power grids across the eastern U.S., leading to a blackout in parts of New York City's Queens borough. Consolidated Edison is working to restore power to over 6,200 customers and has asked residents to conserve energy. Regional grids serving 110 million people have issued energy emergency alerts as temperatures soar, with forecasts predicting a \"feels like\" temperature of 102F in New York."], ["20250623", "Italian energy major Eni S.p.A. has agreed to sell a 20% stake in its multi-energy unit Plenitude to Ares Management Alternative Credit funds for approximately \u20ac2 billion. This deal values Plenitude at \u20ac10 billion equity value and over \u20ac12 billion enterprise value, aligning with Eni\u2019s strategy to monetize satellite businesses and support its energy transition investments. Plenitude, active in over 15 countries, aims to expand its renewable capacity and customer base further by 2028."], ["20250623", "Critical Metals Corp. announced a $2 million contract for an infill diamond drilling program at its Tanbreez Project in Greenland, aiming to significantly expand the rare earth resource size. This initiative follows a Letter of Intent for a $120 million non-dilutive funding package from the EXIM Bank and is expected to enhance the project's economics and an upcoming definitive feasibility study. The drilling program will target further resources east of the existing Fjord Deposit and finalize expenditure requirements on the license."], ["20250623", "Array Technologies is set to acquire APA Solar, a fixed-tilt racking and foundation specialist, expanding its product portfolio beyond single-axis trackers. This acquisition will increase Array's addressable market by nearly 40% and allow it to offer integrated tracker-plus-foundation solutions, particularly beneficial for challenging soil conditions. APA Solar's leadership will remain, and the deal is valued at $179 million, including upfront cash, deferred compensation, and a performance-based earnout in stock."], ["20250623", "Hello Inc., a Chinese mobility service provider, has officially entered the Robotaxi sector by establishing Shanghai Zaofu Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. This new company, jointly founded with Ant Group and CATL, has a registered capital of 1.288 billion yuan and will focus on the development and commercialization of L4 autonomous driving technology. The three parent companies have invested over 3 billion yuan, leveraging their expertise in mobility services, AI, and battery technology to accelerate the project."], ["20250623", "EuroHoldings Ltd (EHLD) announced that certain shareholders associated with the Pittas family sold 51.04% of the company's outstanding common shares to Marla Investments Inc., affiliated with the Latsis family, for approximately $12.90 per share. This transaction represents a significant change in ownership, with members of the Pittas family retaining about 7.6% ownership, and Marla Investments Inc. taking a majority stake. In connection with the sale, two members of the Board, Messrs. Aristides P. Pittas and Dr. Anastasios (Tasos) Aslidis, resigned and were replaced by Messrs. George Margaronis and Christos Triantafillidis."], ["20250623", "Diversified Energy Company PLC and Carlyle have announced a strategic partnership to invest up to $2 billion in existing proved developed producing (PDP) natural gas and oil assets across the United States. Diversified will operate the acquired assets, while Carlyle aims to securitize them to secure long-term financing. This collaboration enhances Diversified's access to capital for strategic acquisitions and leverages Carlyle's expertise in asset-backed finance to invest in high-quality, cash-yielding energy assets vital for US domestic energy production."], ["20250623", "Diamondback Energy Inc. (FANG) stock underperformed its competitors on Monday, shedding 5.17% to $141.15, despite a favorable trading session for the broader stock market. The S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average both saw gains. Diamondback Energy Inc. closed 34.20% below its 52-week high."], ["20250623", "Diamondback Energy Inc. (FANG) stock underperformed on Monday, shedding 5.17% despite a generally favorable trading session for the broader market. The stock closed at $141.15, which is 34.20% below its 52-week high reached on July 17th. The S&P 500 Index and Dow Jones Industrial Average both saw positive gains for the day."], ["20250623", "EuroHoldings Ltd announced that shareholders associated with the Pittas family sold 51.04% of the company's outstanding common shares to Marla Investments Inc., affiliated with the Latsis family. The transaction involved approximately $12.90 per share in cash and the appointment of two Marla-suggested directors to the EuroHoldings Board. Aristides P. Pittas, Chairman, President and CEO, stated that this transaction represents a significant milestone for EuroHoldings, aligning with the company's strategy to enhance shareholder value."], ["20250623", "Halliburton has secured a contract with GeoFrame Energy to design demonstration wells for their geothermal and direct lithium extraction (DLE) project in Texas. GeoFrame Energy aims to be the first to produce battery-grade lithium carbonate from the Smackover Formation, potentially supplying 100% of U.S. domestic demand and reducing reliance on Chinese imports. The project will also generate renewable electricity from geothermal brine to power lithium extraction and contribute excess energy to the grid."], ["20250623", "Flex LNG is planning to delist from the Oslo B\u00f8rs in mid-September due to the complexities and costs associated with maintaining a dual listing. The company has a preference for the New York Stock Exchange. This move highlights a trend where some companies, despite Oslo's capital access, opt for major international exchanges."], ["20250623", "A Nextracker executive, David Bennett, plans to sell an additional 10,330 Class A shares worth $591,290.23, following recent dispositions totaling approximately $2.68 million over the past three months. This consistent selling activity, detailed in a Form 144 SEC filing, raises questions about the solar sector's outlook despite the shares being acquired through restricted stock vesting as part of compensation. The total outstanding Class A shares for Nextracker are 146,263,962."], ["20250623", "A new preliminary feasibility study (PFS) for Ivanhoe Electric's Santa Cruz copper project in Arizona estimates an after-tax net present value (NPV) of $1.4 billion and an internal rate of return (IRR) of 20% at a base case of $4.25 per lb. copper. The proposed underground mine is projected to produce 72,000 tonnes of copper cathode annually for 15 years within its 23-year life, with probable reserves of 136 million tonnes grading 1.08% copper. This project is positioned to contribute significantly to the green energy transition by supplying high-grade copper."], ["20250623", "Korea Electric Power Corp. (KEPCO) announced it will freeze electricity rates for the third quarter despite falling global energy prices, aiming to improve its financial stability. The state-run utility was instructed by the government to maintain the current adjusted unit fuel cost of 5 won per kilowatt-hour, citing KEPCO's financial situation and unadjusted past fuel cost charges. KEPCO's significant debt of 205 trillion won is partly attributed to providing electricity below production costs during the 2021-2023 energy price surge."], ["20250623", "This article provides an analysis of the Defiance Daily Target 2x Long OKLO ETF (OKLL), detailing its key statistics such as AUM, expense ratio, and inception date. It explains that OKLL uses swap agreements to make bullish bets on Oklo Inc. (NYSE: OKLO) with 200% leveraged daily exposure, emphasizing its design for short-term tactical use. The fund's holdings, classification, and performance metrics, including the fact that it does not pay dividends, are also covered."], ["20250623", "Italian energy group Eni has sold a 20% stake in its retail and renewables business Plenitude to U.S. investment manager Ares Management Corp for approximately 2 billion euros ($2.3 billion). This transaction aligns with Eni's long-term strategy to partner in developing its businesses and follows a previous sale of a 10% stake to Energy Infrastructure Partners. Plenitude, valued at 10 billion euros equity (over 12 billion including debt), operates in over 15 countries with 4 GW of renewable production and 10 million customers."], ["20250623", "WhiteHawk Income Corporation has completed the acquisition of PHX Minerals Inc. for $4.35 per share in cash. Following the merger, PHX Minerals became a wholly-owned subsidiary of WhiteHawk Income Corporation, and its shares were delisted from the New York Stock Exchange on June 23, 2025. This acquisition expands WhiteHawk Energy's portfolio of mineral and royalty interests, particularly in top-tier natural gas resource plays."], ["20250623", "Reaves Utility Income Fund (NYSE American:UTG) announced a 5.26% increase in its monthly distribution to $0.20 per common share, marking the thirteenth increase since its 2004 inception. This brings the annual distribution to $2.40, representing an annualized rate of 6.92% based on the current market price. The fund, which primarily invests in utility and infrastructure companies, aims to provide a high level of after-tax income and total return to its shareholders."], ["20250623", "GE Vernova (NYSE: GEV) announced a quarterly dividend of $0.25 per share, payable on August 18, 2025, to shareholders of record as of July 21, 2025. Future dividends will be determined by the Board of Directors based on the company's financial performance and other factors. The company encourages investors to visit its website for additional financial information and updates."], ["20250623", "Orion Minerals has secured another loan, this time for $500,000 from Tarney Holdings, a company associated with its board chair, Denis Waddell. This follows a previous loan in April, signaling ongoing reliance on directors and supportive shareholders for funding as the company transitions from exploration to copper mining. The latest loan prompted a over 6% drop in Orion\u2019s shares, reflecting investor concern about its capital-raising ability, despite the company's optimistic outlook for its South African copper projects and anticipated copper sales by late 2026."], ["20250623", "Woodside Energy Group Ltd. has signed a preliminary agreement with JERA Co. Inc. to supply approximately 200,000 metric tons of LNG annually to Japan during the winter months (December to February) for five years, commencing in 2027. This deal aims to secure a stable and flexible LNG supply for Japan during its peak winter demand, primarily sourced from Woodside's portfolio including the Scarborough Energy Project. Separately, Woodside also signed a heads of agreement with Petroliam Nasional Bhd. for a 15-year LNG supply deal starting in 2028."], ["20250623", "The EQUINOX\u2122 combustion system from Gencor Industries Inc. offers a way to significantly reduce or eliminate Flue Gas Recirculation (FGR) through a two-stage process, resulting in a more stable combustion flame with minimal impact on the exhaust system. This design aims to increase productivity while simplifying installation as it comes pre-assembled on a steel unitized frame."], ["20250623", "Consumers Energy has requested a historic $436 million rate increase, just three months after a previous hike, marking its sixth request in six years. This move has drawn criticism from Attorney General Dana Nessel and highlights the significant increase in residential rates since Michigan eliminated electricity choice in 2008. The company's profits increased by 13.23% year-over-year in 2024."], ["20250623", "Institutional investors hold a significant 81% stake in Vistra Corp. (NYSE:VST), meaning their trading actions heavily influence the stock's price. The company's stock increased by 4.5% last week, adding US$2.7 billion to its market capitalization and contributing to a 111% one-year return for shareholders. While institutional ownership suggests credibility, the article also notes that the top 23 shareholders collectively own 50% of the company, with no single shareholder having significant control."], ["20250623", "General Motors is rapidly gaining on Tesla in the US EV market, driven by a diverse range of EV models and a focus on affordability. GM's EV sales significantly increased in Q1 2025, while Tesla faces challenges including a drop in stock price and declining global deliveries. GM's advancements in battery technology and US-based production are also key factors in its growing competitiveness."], ["20250623", "NRG Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NRG) has seen an 82% share price rise recently, bringing it closer to its yearly peak. While its P/E ratio of 22.9x is slightly above the industry average of 20.16x, it's considered a reasonable price. The company's future outlook is promising, with expected double-digit earnings growth, suggesting robust cash flows and higher share value."], ["20250622", "ArcelorMittal has postponed its planned direct-reduced iron (DRI) and electric arc furnace (EAF) conversion projects in Bremen and Eisenh\u00fcttenstadt, Germany, citing unfavorable market conditions, uncompetitive energy costs, and weak demand. Despite financial assistance from the German government, the company finds the business case insufficient due to high energy costs, slow progress in green hydrogen development, and high import levels in the European steel market. Concurrently, ArcelorMittal also sold its ArcelorMittal Zenica steel plant and ArcelorMittal Prijedor iron ore mining business in Bosnia to the Pavgord Group."], ["20250622", "Faraday Future (FF) Founder and Co-CEO, YT Jia, announced significant progress, including a 500-unit deposit agreement for the FX Super One with Telling Inc., bringing total B2B deposits to 4,000 units. The company is preparing for a private preview event for the FX Super One and has integrated FF AI 2.0 with real-time multi-language support, to be rolled out via OTA updates. FF is also advancing its \"Scenario-as-Store\" sales model through collaborations with real estate brokerages like Pinnacle Group, aiming for an asset-light, co-creation ecosystem to drive rapid growth."], ["20250621", "Ryanair Holdings plc has seen a significant share price increase of 34% recently, bringing it closer to its yearly peak. Despite this rise, the stock is currently trading 20% above its intrinsic value of \u20ac19.23, according to Simply Wall St's analysis. However, with expected profit growth of 53% over the next couple of years, the future outlook for Ryanair appears bright, suggesting potential for higher cash flow and share valuation despite the current overvaluation."], ["20250621", "Canadian National Railway plans to invest $85 million in Michigan in 2025 to upgrade infrastructure, enhance yard operations in Lansing, Battle Creek, and Flint, and expand intermodal capacity. This investment aims to boost reliability, improve safety, and support long-term freight growth across its U.S.-Canada network, building on the $79 million spent in Michigan in 2024. CN's activities in the state include employing 1,033 people, operating 812 miles of track, and contributing significantly to the local economy through community programs, local spending, and taxes."], ["20250621", "This article analyzes Cameco Corporation's (TSE:CCO) intrinsic value using a Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) model, suggesting its current share price of CA$93.85 might be overvalued by 29% compared to a projected fair value of CA$72.84. The analysis highlights key assumptions in the DCF model, such as a 6.0% discount rate, and provides a SWOT analysis of Cameco, noting strengths in earnings growth and debt management, alongside weaknesses in dividend payouts and a slightly expensive valuation. Investors are encouraged to consider additional financial health and future earnings analysis beyond the DCF model."], ["20250621", "Mammoth Energy Services' subsidiaries, Stingray Pressure Pumping LLC and Mammoth Equipment Leasing LLC, sold all of the company's hydraulic fracturing business equipment to MGB Manufacturing, LLC for $15 million, leading to an expected impairment expense of $7.7 million to $9.2 million in Q2 2025. This transaction impacts Mammoth's Well Completion segment."], ["20250621", "Kentucky Utilities is seeking a 13.6% residential electric rate increase, which would add about $18.15 to the average monthly bill for residential customers using 1,085 kWh. This increase aims to generate an additional $226.1 million annually, funding infrastructure upgrades and improving resilience against extreme weather. Several parties, including the Kentucky Attorney General, the Lexington-Fayette Urban County Government, Walmart, and industrial utility customers, plan to intervene in the Public Service Commission's review of the proposed rate hike."], ["20250621", "Loews Corp ($L) maintains a diversified portfolio and engages in significant stock buybacks, signaling management confidence and potentially impacting share prices and capital flows from riskier assets to traditional sectors. This stability in traditional markets often correlates with increased risk appetite in alternative assets, influencing institutional capital flows into cryptocurrencies. Crypto traders can use Loews' performance as a barometer for broader market sentiment, positioning for long trades in major crypto pairs during bullish stock market phases."], ["20250620", "Argo Infrastructure Partners' subsidiary, Isle Gas, has reached an agreement to acquire gas storage and delivery assets from AmeriGas, a subsidiary of UGI Corporation, in Hawai\u02bbi. This acquisition, expected to close in Q3 2025, includes 750,000 gallons of propane storage and a delivery fleet, serving thousands of residential and commercial customers across four Hawaiian islands. The move strengthens Argo's existing Hawai\u02bbi operations and aligns with its focus on essential infrastructure and energy efficiency."], ["20250620", "The Tunisian Air Force has signed a purchase agreement with Bell Textron Inc. for 12 SUBARU Bell 412EPX helicopters, marking the first acquisition of this variant in the Middle East and Africa. These new rotorcraft will enhance Tunisia's multi-role military and security operations, joining its existing fleet of 39 Bell helicopters. The SUBARU Bell 412EPX is known for its durability, enhanced safety features, and ability to handle demanding mission profiles, with deliveries expected to begin next year."], ["20250620", "Jack Tanner Towing Company has added the new 1368-HP Super Tiger workboat, M/V Miss Hazel, to its fleet. Built by Serodino, Inc. and powered by twin Mitsubishi S6R engines, the vessel will primarily support towing operations around Havana, Illinois. Both the towing company and engine supplier, Laborde Products, expressed satisfaction with the collaboration and the vessel's performance."], ["20250620", "SLB (NYSE: SLB) has announced that it will hold a conference call on July 18, 2025, to discuss its second-quarter results for the period ending June 30, 2025. A press release detailing the results will be issued at 7:00 am U.S. Eastern time, followed by the conference call at 9:30 am U.S. Eastern time. The company has provided details for accessing both the conference call and a subsequent replay."], ["20250620", "A federal judge has ruled in favor of Public Service Enterprise Group (PSEG), granting them access to 117 Maryland properties for surveys related to a proposed 70-mile power line project. The ruling, issued by District Judge Adam B. Abelson, prioritizes public interest in power grid reliability over temporary property access concerns. Landowners can claim damages but cannot block the surveys, which are a necessary step for PSEG's Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity application, though construction rights have not yet been granted."], ["20250620", "OMS Energy Technologies Inc. has issued a business update prior to its first earnings call after its Nasdaq listing in May 2025. The company highlights its expanding customer base, growing talent pool, and continued R&D investments as drivers for long-term success. OMS has secured new contracts in Angola and Indonesia, renewed an existing contract in Thailand, and maintains significant long-term partnerships with Saudi Aramco and Halliburton."], ["20250620", "Electra Battery Materials Corp. has launched an early works program at its cobalt refinery north of Toronto to prepare for restarting full-scale construction, supported by funding from U.S. and Canadian governments. The company is focusing on its solvent extraction facility, a key component, with work budgeted at approximately $750,000 Canadian. Additionally, Electra announced significant progress in its Aki Battery Recycling joint venture with the Three Fires Group, an Indigenous-led lithium-ion battery recycling initiative in Canada."], ["20250620", "EHang has partnered with the Changchun Jingyue High-tech Zone to establish a provincial-level demonstration zone for low-altitude economic development in Jilin Province, China. The collaboration involves the deployment of 41 EH216-S pilotless eVTOLs for tourism, emergency response, and traffic management, with a focus on developing specific airworthiness standards and an industrial ecosystem for operations in extreme cold regions. This initiative aims to make Changchun a regional leader in the low-altitude economy, bolstering both technological innovation and real-world applications of eVTOL technology."], ["20250620", "CenterPoint Energy Inc. has reached a settlement agreement for its 2026-2028 Systemwide Resiliency Plan (SRP), which includes a revised investment of over $3 billion in its electric distribution system. This plan, the largest grid resiliency investment in CenterPoint's history, aims to significantly reduce storm-related outages for its 2.8 million customers by 2029. The strategy also includes deferring over $240 million in SRP costs to lessen immediate bill impacts for customers."], ["20250620", "Compa\u00f1\u00eda de Minas Buenaventura, through its subsidiary Consorcio Energ\u00e9tico de Huancavelica S.A. (Conenhua), has requested a definitive concession for the \"L\u00ednea de Transmisi\u00f3n en 220 kV S.E. Chilota \u2013 S.E. San Gabriel\" project. This infrastructure is crucial for supplying energy to its San Gabriel gold mining unit in Moquegua, expected to begin commercial operations in October 2025. The project aims to ensure energy supply, reduce operational costs, and reinforces Buenaventura's commitment to sustainability through its use of 100% renewable energy for a significant portion of its consumption."], ["20250620", "BP has significantly altered its strategy, moving away from heavy investment in low-carbon projects to increase its focus on oil and gas. This pivot, which includes increased oil and gas spending and reduced low-carbon transition investment, is expected to improve financial metrics and address past underperformance. While the shift should strengthen BP's position, it may not completely resolve its competitive standing against peers, and the reduced low-carbon spending might deter ESG investors."], ["20250620", "CTWO is a physically backed trust designed to mirror the market price of European Union Allowances (EUAs), holding EUAs in the official Union Registry. It follows a passive, buy-and-hold strategy, avoiding derivatives and offering trading access outside European market hours. The fund aims to provide a transparent and tax-efficient way to invest in carbon market dynamics without futures-related costs."], ["20250620", "Univest Securities, LLC announced the closing of a $2.37 million registered direct offering for its client, Houston American Energy Corp. (NYSE American: HUSA). The offering involved the sale of 223,762 shares of common stock or pre-funded warrants at $10.60 per share to an institutional investor. Houston American Energy Corp. intends to use the net proceeds of approximately $2.1 million for general corporate purposes."], ["20250620", "This page provides access to Euroholdings Ltd. (EHLD) SEC filings, including annual 10-K, quarterly 10-Q, and material event 8-K forms, specifically focusing on its marine shipping business. The filings detail financial results, fleet statistics, corporate structure, and significant corporate actions like a spin-off from Euroseas Ltd. and a change in majority ownership. AI-generated summaries and context are provided for easier interpretation of these regulatory documents, including recent Schedule 13D filings concerning insider ownership."], ["20250620", "This guide for retail investors explores how to invest in copper in 2025, focusing on demand drivers, investment vehicles like ETFs and mining stocks, and associated risks. It highlights copper's critical role in the global energy transition and the anticipated supply shortfall, making it an attractive long-term investment. The article also provides strategies for gaining exposure and understanding the copper market dynamics."], ["20250620", "COtwo Advisors has launched the first Exchange Traded Product (ETP) designed to offer efficient access to the physical European carbon market. The COtwo Advisors Physical European Carbon Allowance Trust (NYSE Arca: CTWO) provides investors with physical exposure to European Union Allowances (EUAs), simplifying investment in carbon allowances and allowing participation in the growing carbon market. This ETP also offers benefits for companies under the EU ETS, enabling them to hedge their obligations and account for investments more precisely."], ["20250620", "Jefferies has increased its price target for EOG Resources (EOG) from $144 to $148, maintaining a \"Buy\" rating, following discussions with the company's VP of Investor Relations regarding the Encino acquisition and future development plans. The firm anticipates the acquisition will boost EBITDA and cash flow by 10%, with potential for even greater free cash flow improvement due to synergies and production changes. The higher target is based on the expectation that the Encino acquisition will be finalized in Q3 2025, adding production assets and operational efficiencies for the major crude oil and natural gas exploration company."], ["20250620", "Platinum has emerged as the top-performing precious metal in the first half of 2025, driven by strong industrial demand, supply constraints, and clean energy adoption. ETFs like abrdn Physical Platinum Shares ETF (PPLT) have significantly outperformed gold and silver, with platinum seeing a 30% surge in the past month. The rally is fueled by a pronounced supply deficit, resilient automotive demand despite EV slowdowns, and its crucial role in the burgeoning hydrogen economy, making it appear undervalued compared to its peers."], ["20250620", "KazMunayGas (KMG) has become Kazakhstan's most valuable company with a market capitalization of $19.7 billion, surpassing fintech giant Kaspi.kz. KMG's market cap surged by 15% since the beginning of the year, while Kaspi.kz's shares declined by 16.7%. Other top companies include Kazatomprom and Halyk Bank, with Bank CenterCredit also showing significant growth."], ["20250620", "PSE&G (PEG) is preparing for an extreme heat wave with temperatures forecast to exceed 100 degrees Fahrenheit, emphasizing its year-round system upgrades and urging customers to stay safe and energy-smart. The utility highlights that cooling a home to 75 degrees can require 300% more electricity when outside temperatures hit 95 degrees compared to 85 degrees. PSE&G offers various energy efficiency programs, payment assistance options, and safety tips to help customers manage energy use and costs during the hot summer."], ["20250620", "The Competition Bureau has reached a deal with Canadian Natural Resources Ltd. requiring the company to sell 75% of its interest in its Seiu Lake natural gas processing plant. This agreement addresses competition concerns related to Canadian Natural's proposed acquisition of Schlumberger N.V.'s interest in the Palliser Block joint venture. North 40 Resources Inc. will acquire the majority interest and operate the plant, while Canadian Natural will retain a non-operating 25% stake."], ["20250620", "Tesla has secured its first deal to construct a grid-scale battery power plant in China, which is projected to be the largest of its kind upon completion. This project, worth 4 billion yuan ($556 million), aims to serve as a \"smart regulator\" for urban electricity, addressing supply-demand imbalances exacerbated by intermittent renewable energy sources. The deal is noteworthy for Tesla, as it marks a significant step in the competitive Chinese battery market, where local companies like CATL and BYD are major players."], ["20250620", "OMS Energy Technologies Inc. (Nasdaq: OMSE) has released an operational update following its May 2025 Nasdaq listing, highlighting significant customer growth in Angola and Indonesia, and renewed contracts in Thailand. The company also detailed its geographic expansion into West Africa, ongoing R&D advancements in additive manufacturing, and continuous enhancements in occupational health and safety. These initiatives position OMS for resilient growth and value creation for its stakeholders."], ["20250620", "Robin Energy Ltd. has announced a direct offering of 763,000 common shares at $5.25 each to institutional investors, aiming to raise $4 million for working capital and general corporate purposes. Maxim Group LLC is acting as the sole placement agent for the offering, which is expected to close around June 20, 2025. The international energy transportation company, which owns one Handysize tanker, highlighted both potential financial stability from the proceeds and potential concerns regarding share dilution and its limited fleet."], ["20250620", "Compa\u00f1\u00eda de Minas Buenaventura, through its subsidiary Conenhua, is seeking a definitive concession for the \"L\u00ednea de Transmisi\u00f3n en 220 kV S.E. Chilota - S.E. San Gabriel\" project in Moquegua to power its San Gabriel gold mine. This infrastructure is crucial for ensuring a reliable energy supply for the mine, which is set to begin commercial operation in October 2025. The San Gabriel project is 80% complete as of May, with operations expected to start in October, coinciding with the pouring of the first gold bar."], ["20250620", "GE Vernova's 2024 sustainability report outlines its strategy for decarbonization, developing EV-ready grids, and advancing AI-driven power and water circularity, marking one year as a public company. The company aims to contribute to global climate action through a four-pillar approach: Electrify, Decarbonise, Conserve, and Thrive, reporting measurable targets and business outcomes. With significant investments in R&D and a focus on advanced grid systems and low-carbon technologies, GE Vernova is preparing for increased electricity demand from EVs, AI, and data centers."], ["20250620", "Arizona Public Service (APS) has requested a 14.5% rate hike for residential customers, totaling $579.5 million, just weeks after refusing to reactivate the Cholla Power Plant. This proposed increase would represent a 30% rise in residential rates since 2023, with APS citing inflation, high interest rates, and supply chain volatility as reasons for the needed revenue. The request comes amid political challenges to the Arizona Corporation Commission, with upcoming elections featuring candidates critical of past rate increases and energy policies."], ["20250619", "Orion Group Holdings has announced $100 million in new Marine and Concrete awards, with its Marine business securing $67 million. Notable projects include the Longview Export Dock Replacement for Weyerhaeuser Company and two contracts with the Port of Tampa Bay: a 3-year maintenance dredging agreement and the Port Redwing Berth 301 Wharf project, addressing the region's growing demand. These awards highlight the company's commitment to safety and expanding its business development pipeline."], ["20250619", "The Israel-Iran conflict has pushed West Texas Intermediate crude prices above $77 a barrel, leading to a significant geopolitical risk premium for oil. This rise in prices has spurred increased interest in various oil and energy-themed ETFs, as investors use them for tactical plays and hedging strategies. The Strait of Hormuz poses a major wild card, with potential disruptions threatening global oil flows and causing market volatility."], ["20250619", "Aircraft Engine Lease Finance, Inc (AELF) has secured a $55 million credit facility from Merchants Bank, expanding its existing borrowing relationship with the Indiana-based bank. The new financing will be used to acquire commercial aircraft as AELF continues to grow its fleet of mid-life commercial aircraft, including 737 NGs and A330s. This partnership highlights Merchants Bank's ongoing support for AELF's vision and growth in the aircraft leasing industry."], ["20250619", "This article states that JetBlue's CEO anticipates further cuts as the airline continues to experience prolonged financial losses. No specific details about the nature of these cuts or the extent of the losses are provided in the snippet."], ["20250619", "Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace (KONGSBERG) and Hexcel Corporation (HEXCEL) have formalized a five-year partnership at the Paris Air Show. This agreement involves HEXCEL supplying HexWeb\u00ae engineered honeycombs and HexPly\u00ae prepregs for KONGSBERG's strategic production programs. Both companies emphasized the long-standing strong relationship and the commitment this agreement provides for future defense market operations."], ["20250619", "Hexcel is showcasing its HexPly M51 prepreg technology at the 2025 Paris Air Show, designed for rapid, automated aerospace part production. This technology enables faster cure cycles, reduced tooling, and high mechanical performance, supporting next-generation, high-rate aircraft manufacturing. Demonstrations include a press-moulded Wingbox Rib developed with GKN Aerospace and a high-rate fuselage frame developed by the Duqueine Group."], ["20250619", "Aydin Kilic, CEO of Hive Digital Technologies, discusses the company's resilience through bear markets, its emphasis on low-cost operations, and its strategic pivot into AI and high-performance computing. He highlights sustainability through green energy and community involvement, while also sharing his long-term optimistic outlook on Bitcoin adoption and the evolving mining industry."], ["20250619", "FutureFuel Corp. will temporarily halt its biodiesel production by the end of June 2025 due to ongoing regulatory uncertainty regarding federal tax credits, despite an EPA proposal for increased renewable diesel mandates. The company will instead prioritize expanding its specialty chemicals segment, leveraging its Batesville facility's flexibility for new product investments and projects through 2025\u20132026. FutureFuel plans to resume biodiesel operations once regulatory clarity improves, demonstrating its adaptive business model."], ["20250619", "DHT Holdings is acquiring a 2018-built VLCC for $107 million, expected to be delivered in late Q3 2025. This acquisition will replace divested earnings capacity, improve the company's age profile, and enhance fleet efficiency, as stated by DHT's President & CEO, Svein Moxnes Harfjeld. The purchase will be funded through existing liquidity and mortgage debt."], ["20250619", "Canadian National Railway Company (CN) plans to invest USD 85 million in Michigan during 2025 for track maintenance and infrastructure projects. These upgrades, including enhancements to rail yards in Lansing, Battle Creek, and Flint, aim to boost intermodal capacity, improve operational efficiency, and ensure service reliability. This investment follows a similar USD 79 million allocation in 2024, demonstrating CN's ongoing commitment to strengthening its network in the state and across North America."], ["20250619", "Consumers Energy is in negotiations to sell its 13 aging hydroelectric dams in Michigan for $1 each, citing financial losses from costly upkeep. The utility plans to then buy back the power generated by these dams. Conservation groups are opposing the sale, concerned that a new owner might not make necessary safety improvements, and are instead advocating for the dams' removal."], ["20250619", "Carrier has announced the relaunch of its geothermal heat pump product line, introducing significant innovations aimed at improving performance, efficiency, and serviceability. These new systems are designed to offer substantial energy savings for homeowners, with features like advanced communication models, two-stage operation for entry-level units, and a more compact, service-friendly design. The integration of Puron Advance refrigerant with built-in A2L dissipation systems also ensures compliance with global warming potential regulations."], ["20250619", "Allison Transmission is set to acquire Dana Incorporated's Off-Highway business for approximately $2.7 billion, a move aimed at expanding Allison's global powertrain and industrial solutions offerings. The acquisition is expected to enhance Allison's market presence, deliver significant financial performance, and generate annual run-rate synergies of about $120 million. The deal, approved by both boards, is anticipated to close in the fourth quarter of 2025 pending regulatory approvals."], ["20250619", "Houston American Energy (HUSA) stock dropped by 25% today after the company announced an agreement to sell 223,762 shares for $10.60 each to an institutional investor. This price represents a significant discount compared to yesterday's closing price of $20 per share, which had been boosted by a recent rally. The stock's current performance contrasts with strong year-to-date and 12-month gains, indicating investor dissatisfaction with the direct offering."], ["20250619", "A court in Bamako, Mali, has ordered the interim transfer of operational control of Barrick Mining's Loulo-Gounkoto gold mining complex to a state-appointed administrator for six months, following an ongoing dispute that began with Mali's new mining code in 2023. Barrick has called the move unjustified and unprecedented, emphasizing its efforts to reach a resolution and stating that its subsidiaries remain the legal owners. The company has initiated international arbitration proceedings, while Mali contends that the longstanding mining convention covering Loulo has expired."], ["20250619", "Sky Quarry Inc. (NASDAQ: SKYQ) will host an investor webinar on June 26, 2025, to discuss its growth strategy, including a Utah permit update, strategic partnerships, refinery capacity planning, and emerging market tailwinds for its clean fuel strategy. The event will feature executives David Sealock and Marcus Laun, followed by a live Q&A session. The company is focused on revolutionizing waste asphalt shingle recycling and remediation of oil-saturated sands."], ["20250619", "Rush Truck Centres of Canada, a subsidiary of Rush Enterprises, Inc., has acquired Leeds Transit, a major Canadian bus dealership group. The newly formed division, named Rush Bus Centres of Canada, will continue operations at Leeds Transit's existing locations and expand Rush Enterprises' footprint and product portfolio across Eastern Canada. This acquisition is seen as a strategic move to leverage Leeds Transit's legacy in the bus industry."], ["20250619", "Triumph Group, Inc. and Divergent Technologies, Inc. have partnered to qualify critical manned aircraft components manufactured using Divergent Adaptive Production System (DAPS). This collaboration aims to integrate advanced digital manufacturing into high-performance aerospace applications, targeting approximately 100 additive manufactured units over two years. The components, essential for flight safety, are undergoing stringent testing and validation to overcome supply chain constraints from traditional manufacturing."], ["20250619", "Textron Aviation Defense and Thai Aviation Industries have signed a Memorandum of Agreement to establish a sustainment program for the Royal Thai Air Force's Beechcraft T-6TH and AT-6TH aircraft. This collaboration, announced during the Paris Air Show, aims to ensure high-level support and readiness for the RTAF's trainer and light attack fleets, leveraging Textron's OEM expertise and Thai Aviation Industries' local experience. The agreement reinforces mutual defense cooperation between the U.S. and Thailand and supports the growth of Thailand's aerospace industry."], ["20250619", "Zebra Technologies has launched its new AI-ready EM45 Enterprise Mobile, designed to boost productivity for frontline workers across various industries. This device integrates AI-powered performance with sustainable design principles, including a long battery life and options for refurbishment and recycling through Zebra's Circular Economy Programme. The EM45 not only enhances operational efficiency but also supports Zebra's commitment to reducing environmental impact and achieving science-based emissions targets."], ["20250619", "Targa Resources (NYSE:TRGP) shareholders have experienced a 58% CAGR over the last five years, with the share price increasing by 786% and a total shareholder return (TSR) of 877% including dividends. Although the last quarter saw a 15% decline in share price, the company's transition from loss to profitability during the five-year period largely justifies the strong share price gain. The article emphasizes considering both share price return and total shareholder return, highlighting the impact of dividends on TSR."], ["20250618", "SkyWest, Inc. announced an agreement to purchase and operate 16 new Embraer E175 aircraft for Delta Air Lines, with deliveries starting in 2027. These aircraft will replace existing CRJ900s and CRJ700s under contract with Delta. SkyWest also secured firm delivery positions for an additional 44 E175s from 2028 to 2032 and purchase rights for 50 more, providing significant fleet flexibility for future flying opportunities."], ["20250618", "RTX and the Singapore Economic Development Board (EDB) have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for a 10-year strategic collaboration. This agreement solidifies Singapore's role as a key hub for RTX's global operations, especially in aerospace maintenance, manufacturing, and innovation. The partnership will focus on advanced manufacturing, MRO, AI, talent development, and foundational technologies for next-generation platforms, reinforcing Singapore's position as a strategic node in RTX\u2019s global network."], ["20250618", "PSE&G announced a Summer Relief Initiative approved by the BPU to help residential customers manage higher electricity costs. This plan includes a $30 monthly credit for electric bills in July and August 2025, followed by a $10 monthly repayment from September 2025 through February 2026. Additionally, the initiative waives reconnection fees and expands shut-off protection during the summer months, while PSE&G advocates for long-term solutions to New Jersey's power supply imbalance."], ["20250618", "The Oklahoma Supreme Court ruled in favor of Oklahoma Gas and Electric (OG&E) regarding a 2019 Corporation Commission decision. The case involved OG&E providing electricity to two facilities within CKenergy Electric Cooperative's territory, which CKenergy argued was a violation of state law. The Supreme Court sided with OG&E, stating that the \"one megawatt exception\" applied as the connected load for initial full operation at both facilities exceeded 1,000 kW."], ["20250618", "EHang Holdings Limited and Gotion High-Tech Co., Ltd. are expanding their strategic partnership to advance power systems for EHang's EH216 series of pilotless eVTOL aircraft, and future models. Gotion will provide a customized battery solution featuring its new 46-series cylindrical battery cell, aiming to improve flight range, thrust, and safety. This collaboration is designed to accelerate the development of a sustainable low-altitude transportation ecosystem and the commercialization of Urban Air Mobility."], ["20250618", "Array Technologies (NASDAQ: ARRY), an Albuquerque-based solar tracking technology company, announced its acquisition of APA Solar, LLC for $179 million. This strategic move is expected to expand Array's market reach in the utility-scale solar energy sector. The acquisition aims to strengthen Array's position in providing services and products for large-scale solar projects."], ["20250618", "The West Virginia Public Service Commission held a hearing for a proposed $250.5 million rate increase by Appalachian Power and Wheeling Power, impacting over 460,000 customers. Executives testified about the necessity of the increase, citing no base rate hike since 2018, while consumer advocates noted a 72% rise in residential rates since then due to other adjustments. The companies are also exploring asset securitization to mitigate the impact on residential customers, which could reduce a potential monthly increase from $23.74 to $6.72."], ["20250618", "Vantage Corp (NYSE: VNTG), a shipbroking company, announced the full exercise of the underwriters' over-allotment option in its IPO, raising an additional $1.95 million. This brings the total gross proceeds from the offering to $14.95 million for 3,737,500 Class A Ordinary Shares at $4.00 per share. The company's shares began trading on the NYSE American on June 12, 2025."], ["20250618", "Trio Petroleum Corp. (NYSE American: TPET) saw its stock rise by 7.81% following strategic acquisitions in Canada and Utah. The company acquired seven working wells in Canada and signed a letter of intent for a massive tar-sand deposit in Utah, which promises significant reserves and the potential for 1,000 wells. These moves aim to stabilize revenue and bolster investor confidence despite past financial pressures and negative operating margins."], ["20250618", "Houston American Energy (HUSA) experienced a significant 32% drop in its share price due to unusual trading activities and broader declines in the energy sector, exacerbated by geopolitical tensions and changing oil demand forecasts. Despite alarming negative profitability margins and declining revenue, the company shows strong liquidity and announced a 1-for-10 reverse stock split to comply with NYSE listing requirements. Investors are closely watching how these internal financial hurdles and external market factors will impact the company's future trajectory."], ["20250618", "SkyWest has placed a firm order with Embraer for 60 E175 aircraft, with options for an additional 50, marking a significant investment valued at US$3.6 billion. Deliveries are expected to commence in 2027. This order reinforces SkyWest's strategy to expand its dual-class service and maintain its position as the largest E175 operator globally, continuing a partnership with Embraer that spans nearly 40 years."], ["20250618", "NextDecade Corporation has finalized significant lump-sum, turnkey EPC contracts with Bechtel Energy Inc. for the construction of Train 4 and Train 5, along with related infrastructure, at its Rio Grande LNG facility in Brownsville, Texas. The contracts are valued at approximately $4.77 billion for Train 4 and $4.32 billion for Train 5, with pricing valid until September 15. The company plans to make positive financial investment decisions (FID) for both trains before this deadline, contingent on securing adequate financing and commercial support, while also progressing with plans for additional liquefaction capacity (Trains 6-8)."], ["20250618", "Methanex Corporation has received all necessary regulatory clearances for its acquisition of OCI Global's international methanol business, with the transaction expected to close on June 27, 2025. This acquisition will include 100% of OCI's U.S. and European methanol assets, and Methanex anticipates rapid integration to realize strategic benefits. Despite the positive news, Methanex expects lower 2025 production and adjusted EBITDA for Q2 due to an unplanned G3 outage and lower realized prices."], ["20250618", "TMD Energy Limited (TMDEL) has signed a Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) with bioenergy firm Double Corporate Sdn Bhd to explore a strategic collaboration in the EU and Asia bioenergy markets. This partnership aims to expand TMDEL's presence in sustainable and alternative fuel sectors, leveraging Double Corporate's expertise in converting waste into high-yield, low-emission biofuels for aviation and marine applications. The MOA initiates exclusive negotiations for one year to finalize agreements for sustainable fuel solutions and operational integration."], ["20250618", "Euroseas Ltd. reported strong financial results for Q1 2025, with net revenues of $56.3 million and net income of $36.9 million. The company declared a quarterly dividend of $0.65 per share and detailed recent vessel sales and fleet modernization efforts, including a spin-off of older vessels into Euroholdings Ltd."], ["20250618", "ARRAY Technologies announced its definitive agreement to acquire APA Solar for approximately $179 million, aiming to advance its balance of systems strategy and expand its product portfolio with engineered foundation solutions and fixed-tilt mounting systems. This acquisition will enable ARRAY to offer an integrated tracker and foundation system for challenging soil conditions, expand its U.S. manufacturing capabilities, and is expected to be accretive to its Adjusted EPS in year one, before synergies. The transaction is set to close in the third quarter of 2025, subject to regulatory approvals."], ["20250618", "The Palo Alto City Council has approved contracts totaling $12 million for the replacement of the Newell Road Bridge, a critical project to protect homes from flooding on San Francisquito Creek. The new bridge will be significantly wider, and construction is slated for the summer of 2026. While most funding is expected from Caltrans in the 2026-27 fiscal year, the city will proceed with the project and seek reimbursement later."], ["20250618", "The Entergy Texas, Inc. board of directors has declared a quarterly dividend payment of $0.3359375 per share on its Series A Preferred Stock. This dividend is payable on July 15, 2025, to shareholders of record as of July 3, 2025. Entergy Texas supplies electricity to approximately 524,000 customers across 27 counties and is a subsidiary of Entergy Corporation, a Fortune 500 company."], ["20250618", "Granite Ridge Resources, a Dallas-based oil and gas company, has appointed its CFO, Tyler Farquharson, as the new President and CEO. Farquharson, who joined the company in 2022, brings nearly two decades of experience in the energy industry. Luke Brandenberg has stepped down from the role, and Kim Weimer has been named interim chief financial officer."], ["20250618", "This article discusses the growing opportunity for sustainable investing in emerging markets through active fixed income ETFs, particularly focusing on green, social, and sustainability (GSS) bonds. It highlights the potential for attractive returns and positive impact in these markets, while emphasizing the need for an active management approach to navigate their diversity and complexity. Case studies of Indonesia and Cemex illustrate how GSS bonds are financing environmental and social projects in emerging economies."], ["20250618", "BP stock is up 7% year-to-date, but its valuation is nuanced due to strategic shifts towards oil and gas from previous low-carbon ambitions. The company reported mixed Q1 earnings, with oil production performing well but the Gas & Low Carbon segment underperforming. Despite a seemingly attractive valuation, investor caution remains due to BP's shifting strategy and structural headwinds, though its renewed focus on hydrocarbons could offer upside."], ["20250618", "AerCap Holdings N.V. (NYSE:AER) has seen a significant price hike, trading near its 52-week high, yet it remains a bargain according to a price multiple model compared to the industry average. Despite its attractive valuation, the company faces uncertainty with a forecasted negative earnings growth of -11%, suggesting high risk in the near term. Investors are advised to consider these risks and the company's future outlook before making investment decisions."], ["20250618", "Old Dominion Freight Line (NASDAQ:ODFL) saw its stock price decline by 6.7% this week, bringing its yearly returns closer to its earnings growth. Over the last five years, the share price has increased by 90%, closely tracking the 16% compound annual earnings per share growth. Insider buying activity suggests a positive outlook, and while the stock was down 9.1% (including dividends) in the last year, longer-term investors have seen annual returns of 14% over five years."], ["20250617", "WeRide, an autonomous driving technology company, has signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Dubai\u2019s Roads and Transport Authority (RTA) and Uber to deploy robotaxis in Dubai starting in 2025. This partnership aims to support Dubai's goal of making 25% of all transportation trips autonomous by 2030, leveraging WeRide's advanced technology and Uber's platform for accessibility. WeRide also plans to expand its robotaxi services to 15 additional cities within the next five years, with the Middle East being a strategic priority."], ["20250617", "The article explains how the CBOE Crude Oil Volatility Index (OVX) can be used to track oil price volatility. Similar to the VIX for equities, OVX measures the 30-day expected volatility of crude oil prices based on United States Oil Fund (USO) options. It indicates expected magnitude of price swings without direction, making it a useful gauge of uncertainty, especially given current geopolitical risks."], ["20250617", "The Tunisian Air Force has signed a purchase agreement for 12 Subaru Bell 412EPX helicopters, marking the first order for this variant in Africa. These aircraft will expand Tunisia's fleet of Bell helicopters and be used for various military and security missions. The Bell 412EPX is recognized for its adaptability and reliability, with similar sales made to other governmental and public safety entities globally."], ["20250617", "Textron Aviation has announced that Algeria-based Tassli Travall A\u00e9rien has placed the first order for its Cessna SkyCourier aircraft from Africa. The order includes two aeromed-equipped SkyCouriers. Textron is also showcasing its latest special-mission King Air at the Paris Air Show."], ["20250617", "Daimler Truck, Mitsubishi Fuso, Hino, and Toyota Motor Corporation have signed definitive agreements to integrate Mitsubishi Fuso and Hino Motors. This collaboration aims to create a new, strong Japanese truck powerhouse, with a new listed holding company expected to begin operations in April 2026. Both Daimler Truck and Toyota plan to each own 25% of this new holding company, which will focus on improving business efficiency, enhancing competitiveness, and advancing CASE (Connected, Autonomous, Shared, Electric) technologies, including hydrogen solutions, for commercial vehicles."], ["20250617", "ThinkGeoEnergy and Enerchange are co-hosting a webinar on June 20, 2025, focusing on geothermal development in island locations. Simon Webbison of Ormat Technologies will share the company's experiences and insights into the unique challenges and considerations for geothermal projects in these environments. Ormat, which operates in six countries including island nations like Hawaii and those in the Caribbean, aims to discuss strategies for accelerating projects and managing operations in such remote settings."], ["20250617", "NRG Energy and LS Power have requested FERC approval for a $12 billion deal. This transaction involves NRG acquiring approximately 13 GW of gas-fired generation and 6 GW of demand-response resources from LS Power, which will significantly increase NRG's market share in PJM and NYISO without posing market power risks, according to the companies. The deal is expected to close early next year, with LS Power also set to acquire about 11% of NRG's common stock."], ["20250617", "New Jersey Resources (NJR) stands out as an undervalued mid-cap utility, combining strong core utility growth with clean energy expansion and disciplined capital allocation. The company demonstrates robust earnings, sector-leading profitability, and a visible capital expenditure plan supporting 7-9% EPS growth. Despite trading at a discount, NJR offers a 4% dividend yield and is projected to achieve positive free cash flow by 2026\u201327, making it a compelling long-term investment."], ["20250617", "Senate Republicans have proposed a bill that would phase out solar and wind tax credits completely by 2028, with residential solar tax credits potentially expiring as soon as 180 days after the bill's passage. This news has led to a dive in the stock prices of solar companies like Sunrun, First Solar, and Enphase, as the proposed legislation targets their industry."], ["20250617", "Hyundai has placed five of its vehicles on the 2025 Cars.com American-Made Index, highlighting the company's significant manufacturing presence in the United States. This recognition underscores Hyundai's ongoing commitment to local production and economic contribution within the American automotive industry."], ["20250617", "A sanctioned tanker, the Adalynn, which is part of Russia's \"shadow fleet,\" and another large oil tanker, Front Eagle, collided and caught fire near the Strait of Hormuz. The incident, which occurred off the coast of the UAE, raised concerns in global shipping markets and led to a rise in forward freight agreements. While investigations are underway, the Adalynn is notable for its operations bypassing Russian oil sanctions."], ["20250617", "Kimbell Royalty Partners (NYSE: KRP) is set to release its second quarter 2025 financial results and announce its Q2 2025 distribution on Thursday, August 7, 2025, before market opening. The company will also host a conference call on the same day at 10:00 a.m. Central Time, with options for phone-in and webcast participation. A replay of the call will be available until August 14th."], ["20250617", "Tigo Energy and sonnen GmbH have certified the operational compliance and compatibility of Tigo TS4 MLPE devices with sonnenBatterie hybrid inverter-battery systems. This integration aims to streamline solar-plus-storage deployment for European installers, enhancing energy generation, offering module-level monitoring, and improving safety provisions. The collaboration provides a powerful solution for the residential energy market, supporting self-consumption and arbitrage policies."], ["20250617", "Alliance Coal and the Henderson County community celebrated the grand opening of the Henderson County Mine, Alliance Coal\u2019s newest underground site. Construction on the multi-million-dollar operation began in July of 2023, and River View Coal, LLC, a subsidiary of Alliance Coal, anticipates employing over 400 people at the site by the end of 2025. The mine represents a significant investment in the local economy, workforce, and America\u2019s energy future."], ["20250617", "JetBlue's stock fell nearly 8% after CEO Joanna Geraghty announced that the airline's return to profitability will take longer than anticipated due to a slowdown in travel. Geraghty stated it's unlikely the company will achieve a break-even operating margin this year and outlined plans for cost reductions, including reducing flights. The airline is facing headwinds from decreased travel activity."], ["20250617", "Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. and Plains GP Holdings announced definitive agreements to sell substantially all of their NGL business to Keyera Corp. for approximately $3.75 billion USD. The transaction is expected to close in Q1 2026, transforming Plains into a crude oil \"pure play\" and enhancing its free cash flow profile. Proceeds will be used for M&A, capital structure optimization, and opportunistic unit repurchases, with a potential special distribution to common unitholders to offset tax liabilities."], ["20250617", "Howmet Aerospace announced a significant expansion in Morristown, Tennessee, adding over 200 new jobs at its Hamblen County plant. This is the company's second expansion in less than a year, supported by Tennessee Governor Bill Lee, who made the announcement at the 55th International Paris Air Show. Howmet Aerospace manufactures critical components for jet engines, turbines, and heavy trucks, contributing to the state's skilled workforce and economic growth."], ["20250617", "WeRide, a Chinese autonomous driving company, has signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Dubai's Roads and Transport Authority (RTA) and Uber Technologies to launch commercial Robotaxi services in Dubai. The services will operate on the Uber platform, initially with a safety driver, aiming for fully driverless operation by Q1 2026. This collaboration supports Dubai's goal of achieving 25% autonomous transportation by 2030, leveraging WeRide's extensive permits across multiple countries."], ["20250617", "Ballard Power Systems (TSX:BLDP) has appointed Marty Neese as its new president and CEO, succeeding Randy MacEwen after 11 years. Neese, who previously served on Ballard's board and was CEO of Verdagy Inc., takes over as the company navigates changing industry trends and a focus on cost reduction. The company has also put plans for a $220 million manufacturing plant in Texas on hold due to slowing hydrogen policy implementation and market adoption."], ["20250617", "SolarEdge Technologies Inc. (SEDG) stock plunged over 33% due to proposed cuts to clean energy tax credits by conservative lawmakers and a class-action lawsuit alleging misleading investors. Despite a grim financial overview with a significant net loss and thin gross margins, GLJ Research upgraded its price target while maintaining a \"sell\" rating. The article suggests investors examine the company's financial metrics and strategic repositioning in the face of legislative hurdles, urging caution and a focus on actual stock performance over impulsive decisions."], ["20250617", "Ballard Power Systems has appointed Marty Neese, currently CEO of US electrolyser maker Verdagy, as its new Chief Executive. Neese will assume his role on July 7, succeeding the current CEO who is stepping down after 11 years. This leadership change comes as Verdagy promotes its president to the CEO position."], ["20250617", "Air Products has abandoned its \u00a32 billion plan to import green ammonia into the UK and crack it back into hydrogen at a terminal in Immingham. The industrial gases firm cited a lack of policy support as the reason for shelving the project, despite having received earlier planning permission. This decision highlights the challenges faced by large-scale green hydrogen initiatives in the UK."], ["20250617", "Innoviz Technologies (NASDAQ: INVZ) has secured a Statement of Development Work agreement with a Top 5 global automotive manufacturer to supply InnovizTwo LiDAR units for a Level 3 autonomous vehicle program, targeting mass-market production by 2027. This partnership validates Innoviz's technology and strengthens its position as a key supplier for autonomous driving solutions, with initial LiDAR deliveries scheduled for Q2 2025 to support data collection and development. While a major step, the current agreement is for development, and a final series production agreement is yet to be secured."], ["20250617", "Roadzen Inc. (NASDAQ: RDZN) has partnered with SUPERGAS, the Indian subsidiary of SHV Energy, to implement its AI-powered DrivebuddyAI platform in SUPERGAS's LPG truck fleet. This technology aims to enhance driver safety by monitoring for drowsiness and distractions, providing real-time feedback, and will be fully installed by September 30, 2025. The collaboration seeks to improve fleet uptime, productivity, and achieve cost savings while addressing upcoming regulatory mandates."], ["20250617", "Howmet Aerospace Inc. is expanding its operations in Morristown, Tennessee, adding 217 new jobs. This marks the company's second expansion in less than a year in Hamblen County, demonstrating its commitment to the region. The announcement was made at the Paris Air Show by Tennessee state officials and Howmet Aerospace executives, highlighting the company's critical role in the aerospace and transportation industries."], ["20250617", "SwissDrones has partnered with Southern Company, a major U.S. energy provider, to deploy its SDO 50 unmanned helicopters for aerial inspections and infrastructure monitoring. This collaboration marks Southern Company's first use of a large uncrewed aerial system and the SDO 50's debut with a U.S. energy company, aiming to enhance efficiency, safety, and emergency response while reducing carbon emissions. The SDO 50 will be used across Southern Company's electric and gas operations for tasks like storm damage assessment and routine maintenance, utilizing customizable technology with advanced sensors."], ["20250617", "Enphase Energy (NASDAQ: ENPH) shares plummeted by 16% following a proposal to phase out solar energy tax credits by 2028, adding to existing challenges like high interest rates and reduced net metering incentives in California. The company's stock has already declined 62% over the past year, reflecting deeper operational issues despite modest revenue growth, and its current valuation appears misaligned with its financial performance, suggesting potential for further downside."], ["20250616", "Union Pacific (UNP) is highlighted as a strong dividend aristocrat due to its strategic capital investments focused on infrastructure, efficiency, and environmental impact. The company plans a $3.4 billion capital investment and $4.0-$4.5 billion in share repurchases, maintaining an industry-leading operating ratio. With 125 consecutive years of dividend payments and 18 years of increases, UNP offers a 2.4% dividend yield, demonstrating a disciplined financial approach."], ["20250616", "Frontier Airlines has selected Pratt & Whitney GTF\u2122 engines from RTX to power 91 new Airbus A321neo aircraft, with deliveries starting in Q4 2026. This follow-on order brings Frontier's total commitment to 235 GTF-powered A320neo family aircraft. Pratt & Whitney will also provide long-term engine maintenance through an EngineWise\u00ae Comprehensive service agreement, highlighting the airline's confidence in the fuel efficiency and performance of the GTF engine for its expanding fleet."], ["20250616", "Bell Textron Inc. announced a significant agreement at the Paris Air Show 2025, solidifying a purchase agreement with the Tunisian Air Force for 12 SUBARU Bell 412EPX helicopters. This marks the first order for this Bell 412 variant in the Africa region, intended for multi-role military and security missions. The acquisition expands Tunisia's existing fleet of 39 Bell aircraft, highlighting the growing international military adoption of the SUBARU Bell 412EPX for its adaptability and reliability."], ["20250616", "Textron Aviation has unveiled its new multi-mission Beechcraft King Air demonstration aircraft at the 2025 Paris Air Show, making its European debut. The aircraft is equipped to showcase various missions, including essential air ambulance services, and features extended range fuel tanks, an extended utility nose for sensors, and factory-installed wing hardpoint provisions. The King Air platform is recognized for its cost-effectiveness, speed, range, and payload capacity, with over 7,800 turboprops delivered since 1964 and over 66 million flight hours."], ["20250616", "SLB has launched Sequestri carbon storage solutions, a comprehensive portfolio of technologies and services designed to enhance the efficiency and reliability of carbon storage projects. This suite offers tailored hardware and digital workflows for the entire carbon storage value chain, from site selection to monitoring. The portfolio leverages over 25 years of experience in carbon capture and storage (CCS) and includes interconnected digital technologies alongside specialized hardware like CO2-resistant cement systems."], ["20250616", "Arizona Public Service (APS), a for-profit utility, is requesting a 14% rate hike for residential customers, which would add an estimated $20 to monthly bills. This comes after two previous 8% rate increases in 2023 and 2024. APS also seeks to boost its return on equity to 10.70% from 9.55%, despite its parent company, Pinnacle West Capital Corp., seeing profits rise from $483 million in 2022 to $608.8 million in 2024."], ["20250616", "NANO Nuclear CEO James Walker discusses the dawn of a \"nuclear renaissance,\" highlighting how President Trump is prioritizing nuclear energy for America's energy policy. This renewed focus is driven by the high electricity demands spurred by the growth of AI. The interview took place on Bloomberg Open Interest."], ["20250616", "Natural Gas Services Group, Inc. (NYSE: NGS) announced the transition of Stephen C. Taylor from Chairman of the Board to Chairman Emeritus, effective immediately. Donald J. Tringali has been appointed as the new Chairman, with Mr. Taylor continuing to serve as a director. This move recognizes Mr. Taylor's two decades of leadership, during which he significantly grew NGS, and positions Mr. Tringali to lead the company's continued strategic growth and shareholder value generation."], ["20250616", "KKR has signed definitive agreements to acquire Zenith Energy, a leading Australian independent power producer specializing in hybrid power solutions for remote, off-grid resource sector clients. This acquisition positions Zenith for continued growth and marks KKR's latest infrastructure investment in ANZ and renewable energy investment in APAC. KKR will support Zenith's expansion, particularly in decarbonizing Australia's mining sector with large-scale, high-penetration hybrid power projects."], ["20250616", "Hudbay Minerals has resumed operations at its Snow Lake mining site in Manitoba after evacuation orders linked to wildfires were lifted. The company had temporarily suspended operations in early June due to the proximity of the fires. Hudbay is now prioritizing gold mining at Lalor and expects to ramp up gold milling this week and base metal milling next week."], ["20250616", "Eos Energy Enterprises successfully raised $336 million through concurrent offerings of common stock and convertible senior notes, strengthening its balance sheet and providing significant financial flexibility. The company used the proceeds to repurchase existing convertible notes and prepay a portion of its delayed draw term loan, resulting in approximately $400 million in debt savings and reduced interest rates. Eos also announced plans for a second manufacturing line and reported improved efficiency in its Z3 energy storage system, demonstrating its strategic positioning for growth in the long-duration energy storage market."], ["20250616", "EQT has secured two significant 10-year natural gas supply deals with Duke Energy and Southern Company, totaling 1.2 billion cubic feet per day, commencing in 2027. These agreements will transport Appalachian gas via the Mountain Valley Pipeline to help meet increasing power demand from data centers and AI technologies. This strategy aims to shift EQT's sales away from volatile spot markets towards higher-value utility customers."], ["20250616", "Duke Energy Progress has requested a rate review in South Carolina, proposing an approximately 15 percent increase for typical residential customers, 12.8 percent for commercial, and 3.6 percent for industrial customers, effective February 1, 2026. This move aims to recover investments made in grid strengthening, storm readiness, and maintaining its generating fleet. Company officials emphasize that the rate request is necessary to continue improving service and reliability for their 177,000 customers in central and northeastern South Carolina."], ["20250616", "CAE is expanding its training fleet by installing Pilatus PC-24 full-flight simulators at its Lake Nona and Vienna centers. This move aims to increase the availability of pilot type-rating training for the PC-24 aircraft. The expansion will help meet the growing demand for qualified PC-24 pilots."], ["20250616", "Boeing and the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) successfully demonstrated the teaming of two uncrewed MQ-28 Ghost Bat aircraft with a crewed E-7A Wedgetail. A single operator on the E-7A controlled the MQ-28s to simulate flying ahead and protecting crewed assets, validating a critical interoperability requirement. This trial is part of Capability Demonstration 2025, aiming to integrate collaborative combat aircraft with RAAF crewed assets, including future teaming with F/A-18F and F-35."], ["20250616", "Permian Resources Corporation announced the closing of its previously declared acquisition of certain leasehold and royalty interests in Eddy and Lea Counties, New Mexico, from APA Corporation. Permian Resources is an independent oil and natural gas company headquartered in Midland, Texas, focused on acquiring, optimizing, and developing high-return oil and natural gas properties, primarily in the core of the Delaware Basin. The company boasts approximately 450,000 net acres, making it the second-largest Permian Basin pure-play E&P."], ["20250616", "The Metals Company (TMC) has announced the appointment of Michael Hess and Alex Spiro to its Board of Directors. Their appointments are aimed at strengthening TMC's leadership as it pursues its U.S. strategy and accelerates the commercial recovery of polymetallic nodules in international waters under existing U.S. seabed mining regulations. Hess brings expertise in the energy sector and U.S. energy supply chain, while Spiro offers extensive experience in regulatory, governance, and capital markets."], ["20250616", "Powerfleet (Nasdaq: AIOT) has announced an expanded partnership with EverDriven Technologies to deploy its AI video safety solution across approximately 4,000 student transportation vehicles in 34 states. This expanded deployment will utilize Powerfleet Unity's AI-powered technology for enhanced driver safety and real-time risk detection, aiming to improve overall student safety through machine learning and computer vision capabilities. The collaboration emphasizes improved driver performance monitoring, automated coaching, and higher safety standards for school districts."], ["20250616", "Diana Shipping has announced an agreement to sell its 2010-built Panamax vessel, Selina, for approximately $11.8 million to an unaffiliated third party. The sale is expected to be completed by August 15, 2025, after which Diana Shipping's fleet will comprise 36 dry bulk vessels. The company also anticipates the delivery of two new methanol dual-fuel Kamsarmax vessels in 2027 and 2028."], ["20250616", "ReNew Energy Global Plc reported a significant increase in net profit for the March quarter, reaching Rs 313.7 crore compared to Rs 60.9 crore a year ago, driven by higher revenues. For the full FY25, net profit rose to Rs 459.1 crore and total revenue to Rs 10,907 crore. The company, a Nasdaq-listed decarbonisation solutions provider, also expanded its clean energy portfolio to 18.5 GW."], ["20250616", "SolarBank Corporation is advancing Nova Scotia's clean energy goals with a new 2.4 MW ground-mount solar project in Sydney. This project, a $4.57 million investment, will generate enough clean energy to power 221 homes annually and significantly reduce CO2 emissions. It is SolarBank's second community solar project in Nova Scotia, aligning with the province's target of 80% renewable energy by 2030 and providing substantial electricity savings to local residents."], ["20250616", "Ballard Power Systems announced a planned leadership transition, with President and CEO Randy MacEwen stepping down after over a decade. Marty Neese, a current board member and CEO of Verdagy, will assume the role effective July 7, 2025. Neese brings extensive experience in operational efficiency and cost reduction, positioning Ballard for its next phase of growth in the evolving fuel cell industry."], ["20250616", "CenterPoint Energy is deploying 15 temporary emergency generation units to the San Antonio region to help meet Texas' energy needs and prevent power generation shortfalls. This initiative, a collaboration with ERCOT and state leaders, will also reduce monthly bills for Houston-area customers by approximately $2 by 2027. CenterPoint will forgo revenue from these units, which together can power about 450,000 homes."], ["20250616", "SUNation Energy (NASDAQ: SUNE) has successfully retained its Nasdaq listing after a Nasdaq Hearings Panel decision on June 10, 2025, found the company not in violation of listing rules 5100 and 5550(a)(2). This resolution clears previous non-compliance and delisting notices, with CEO Scott Maskin expressing confidence in the company's business strength and 2025 outlook. The news led to a 7.55% gain for SUNE on the day of publication."], ["20250616", "T1 Energy is moving forward with a significant 5-GW solar cell project located in Texas. This development positions the company to contribute substantially to solar energy production within the United States. The article highlights T1 Energy's focus on solar power development in the US and Canada region."], ["20250616", "Pacific Gas & Electric (PCG) stock has fallen to a 52-week low of $13.51, representing a 23.9% decline over the past year due to regulatory pressures and operational difficulties. Despite this, the company maintains a market capitalization of $29.76 billion and a P/E ratio of 12.45. PG&E recently completed a $1.25 billion bond sale and appointed John O. Larsen to its board, while UBS maintains a Neutral rating with a $19 price target amid ongoing legislative concerns in California."], ["20250616", "Phillips 66 (PSX) is a vertically integrated energy company that, despite its strong assets and stable cash flow, faces a challenging external environment and mixed recent performance. The stock appears overvalued compared to its peers, with financial models suggesting an 11-18% downside from current prices. Given the elevated valuation, pressured margins, and various risks including oil price sensitivity and regulatory pressures, the author maintains a 'Sell' rating on PSX."], ["20250616", "Navigator Holdings Ltd. announced the results of its 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, held on June 16, 2025. During the meeting, shareholders approved the election of six individuals to the Board of Directors and ratified the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company's independent public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025. Navigator Gas operates the world's largest fleet of handysize liquefied gas carriers."], ["20250616", "TotalEnergies has acquired a 25 percent stake in a Chevron-operated exploration portfolio in the Gulf of America, comprising 40 leases across various blocks. This acquisition expands TotalEnergies' offshore U.S. exploration acreage and strengthens its collaboration with Chevron, building on existing partnerships in the Ballymore, Anchor, Jack, and Tahiti assets. The move aligns with TotalEnergies' strategy to grow its exploration portfolio with low-cost and low-emission options."], ["20250616", "ABB Ltd. has secured a contract with Seatrium Ltd. to supply electrical equipment and automation solutions for two new floating production, storage, and offloading (FPSO) vessels commissioned by Petrobras. These FPSOs, P-84 and P-85, will be deployed in the Atapu and Sepia fields offshore Brazil, expected to begin production in 2029 and each unlock up to 225,000 barrels of oil per day. The project incorporates an all-electric concept for energy efficiency and marks the first offshore use of ABB's three Is-limiter configuration."], ["20250616", "Energy ETFs saw significant outperformance last week, driven by a surge in crude oil prices due to escalating Middle East tensions. Several key energy ETFs gained nearly 8%, with oil prices rising to their highest levels since February. The rally's continuation hinges on factors like the potential closure of the Strait of Hormuz, new sanctions on Russian energy, and changes in U.S. and OPEC+ oil production estimates."], ["20250616", "Tortoise Capital Advisors has launched the Tortoise Energy Fund (TNGY), an actively managed Exchange Traded Fund designed to target modern energy income opportunities. TNGY aims to provide diversification, income, and flexibility across the evolving energy sector, moving beyond traditional oil-focused investments to include natural gas, utilities, and LNG. The ETF will not issue a K-1 and is RIC-qualified, avoiding the double tax burden of a C-Corp structure."], ["20250616", "Chart Industries and Flowserve Corporation are merging, creating a combined entity that is well-positioned for growth in the nuclear and natural gas industries, particularly due to increasing demand for clean electricity from AI data centers. The merger is expected to generate significant cost synergies, allow for debt refinancing at lower rates, and capitalize on promising valuations. Both companies are currently seen as undervalued, offering a rare bargain in AI-exposed stocks."], ["20250616", "Enphase Energy has launched its IQ Battery 5P with FlexPhase in several more European countries, including Spain, Portugal, France, Sweden, Denmark, Belgium, and the Netherlands. This advanced AC-coupled battery system offers flexible single-phase and three-phase backup power, with scalable capacity from 5 kWh to 70 kWh. The product comes with an industry-leading 15-year warranty, aiming to provide reliable and resilient home energy solutions across Europe."], ["20250616", "Private equity giants Blackstone and Apollo Global Management, along with Platinum Equity and Clearlake Capital, are reportedly evaluating a takeover of Forward Air Corporation. This comes as Forward Air undergoes a strategic review spurred by activist investor Ancora Holdings, following backlash over its $2.1bn acquisition of Omni Logistics in 2024. Despite operational challenges, the company's less-than-truckload (LTL) segment is seen as an attractive asset for transformation, with the company's enterprise value estimated at $2.5bn."], ["20250616", "Afreximbank has coordinated a $1.6 billion senior secured term loan facility for Suriname\u2019s state-owned energy company, Staatsolie, to partially refinance existing debt and fund its 20% working interest in the GranMorgu upstream offshore oil project. This marks Afreximbank's first syndicated loan in the Caribbean and the largest project finance deal in Suriname's history, paving the way for offshore oil production by mid-2028. The project, with expected capital investments exceeding US$12 billion, is projected to generate over US$26 billion in revenue for Staatsolie and the Government of Suriname, significantly boosting economic development."], ["20250616", "Forum Energy Technologies, Inc. (NYSE: FET) has appointed Aron H. Marquez and Mark W. Smith to its board of directors. Mr. Marquez will serve as a Class III director and Mr. Smith as a Class I director, bringing extensive experience from the oil and gas industry and financial sectors to the company. The appointments are expected to benefit FET as it navigates dynamic market conditions."], ["20250616", "A Textron Aviation anunciou que seu novo avi\u00e3o de demonstra\u00e7\u00e3o multimiss\u00e3o Beechcraft King Air far\u00e1 sua estreia europeia no Paris Air Show de 2025. O avi\u00e3o foi equipado com tanques de combust\u00edvel de longo alcance, um nariz utilit\u00e1rio estendido, e uma porta de carga para mostrar sua versatilidade em diversas miss\u00f5es especiais, incluindo intelig\u00eancia, reconhecimento, transporte utilit\u00e1rio e servi\u00e7os de ambul\u00e2ncia a\u00e9rea. Mais de 7.800 turbo\u00e9lices Beechcraft King Air j\u00e1 foram entregues, ultrapassando 66 milh\u00f5es de horas de voo em 60 anos de servi\u00e7o."], ["20250616", "Texas Pacific Land (NYSE:TPL) shareholders have experienced a 488% return over the past five years, despite a recent 22% monthly drop. The company's earnings per share have grown at 15% annually over five years, while its share price increased by 40% annually, indicating increased market regard. Insider buying has been observed recently, and the total shareholder return, including dividends, was 488% over five years, outperforming the share price return alone."], ["20250616", "Lucid Group, Inc. announced that Android Auto compatibility is now available for all Lucid Air vehicles through an over-the-air software update to Lucid OS 2.7.0. This new feature allows owners to seamlessly access their Android smartphone apps on the Lucid Air Glass Cockpit. Android Auto will also be available for Lucid Gravity owners in the near future."], ["20250615", "Critical Metals Corp. is set to receive a $120 million loan from the US Export-Import Bank to fund its Tanbreez rare earth project in southern Greenland. This project, one of the world's largest rare earth deposits, is vital for the US to counter China's dominance in the rare earths supply chain. The funding, representing nearly half of the project's estimated cost, aims for production to begin by 2026."], ["20250615", "Dubai's Roads and Transport Authority (RTA) has partnered with Uber Technologies and WeRide to launch pilot operations of autonomous vehicles in Dubai later this year via the Uber app. These vehicles will initially operate with a safety driver, with plans for a full commercial rollout of driverless services by 2026. This initiative supports Dubai's vision to become the world's smartest city and its Smart Self-Driving Transport Strategy, aiming for 25% of all mobility journeys to be autonomous by 2030."], ["20250615", "Novagold Resources aims to complete an updated feasibility study for its Donlin Gold project in Alaska by the end of 2027. This comes after Novagold and John Paulson acquired Barrick's 50% stake, giving Novagold a 60% interest. The CEO, Greg Lang, stated that the previous study was outdated and the new one will take about two years and cost $80 million, anticipating gold production to start early next decade."], ["20250614", "Matador Resources' affiliate, San Mateo Midstream, has completed an expansion of its Marlan cryogenic natural gas processing plant in Eddy County, New Mexico, significantly increasing its capacity. Concurrently, Fitch upgraded Matador's credit rating from BB- to BB, citing the company's debt reduction efforts, strong asset base, and positive free cash flow. Additionally, Matador's lenders unanimously reaffirmed its $3.25 billion borrowing base and $2.25 billion elected commitment under its revolving credit facility."], ["20250614", "Private equity firms, including Blackstone and Apollo Global Management, are reportedly interested in acquiring U.S. trucking company Forward Air, with other firms like Platinum Equity and Clearlake Capital also reviewing documents for potential bids due in early July. This interest follows Forward Air's controversial 2024 acquisition of Omni Logistics, which burdened the company with debt and led to investor pressure for a strategic review and the departure of three directors. Though Forward Air's share price has dropped significantly, analysts estimate its enterprise value to be around $2.5 billion."], ["20250614", "Boeing has released its 20-year demand forecast, projecting a need for 43,600 new airliners through 2044, a figure similar to last year's forecast. However, the company trimmed its projections for passenger traffic growth, global economic growth, cargo traffic growth, and fleet growth. Despite a recent Air India crash and ongoing production challenges since COVID-19, Boeing expects air travel demand to increase by over 40% by 2030, with roughly half of new aircraft demand driven by growth, primarily from China and South/Southeast Asia."], ["20250614", "Gasoline production at Marathon Petroleum's Galveston Bay Refinery experienced a cutback on Saturday due to a fire on the residual hydrotreater. This fire impacted the 140,000 bpd fluidic catalytic cracker 3 (FCC-3) and the 115,000 cat feed hydrotreater, leading to reduced gasoline output."], ["20250614", "Two prominent money managers, John Ciampaglia of Sprott Asset Management and Jan van Eck of VanEck, are bullish on uranium due to increasing global energy demand, especially for AI data centers. They predict a long-term, secular trend for gains in the uranium sector, citing nuclear energy's reliability, zero greenhouse gas emissions, and energy security benefits. While acknowledging the slow pace of new nuclear plant construction, both see significant upside, with potential for acceleration under supportive political administrations."], ["20250614", "NRG Energy Inc. is actively pursuing new deals to power data centers across the United States and plans to disclose details with its second-quarter financial results. CEO Larry Coben highlighted the complexity and significance of these deals, noting the increasing demand for electricity driven by data centers and artificial intelligence. The company intends to meet this demand using a diverse energy mix, including natural gas, nuclear, solar, wind, hydro, and batteries."], ["20250613", "Vertical Aerospace and Bristow Group are expanding their partnership to bring advanced air mobility (AAM) into commercial operation via a \"ready-to-fly\" eVTOL model. This initiative aims to reduce barriers to entry for eVTOL services by offering certified aircraft, trained pilots, maintenance, and insurance, allowing customers to focus on sales and integration while Vertical and Bristow manage operations. Bristow has pre-ordered up to 50 VX4 eVTOL aircraft, with an option for 50 more, reflecting confidence in the aircraft's commercial viability and certification path."], ["20250613", "Union Pacific's No. 1616, the President Abraham Lincoln Commemorative Locomotive, celebrates rail's vital role in national growth and prosperity. The article highlights how freight railroads, including Union Pacific's 30,000 employees, deliver essential goods and invest significantly in infrastructure. Baseball fans and others will have the opportunity to see No. 1616 and historic passenger cars at Union Pacific's Home Plate during the College World Series in Omaha, Nebraska, from June 13-22."], ["20250613", "Despite a 13% rise in SM Energy (NYSE:SM) stock last week, insiders who sold US$946k worth of shares over the past year at an average price higher than the current market price appear to have made a wise decision. While there was some insider buying totaling US$440k, the total insider selling was significantly higher, with a notable US$455k sale by an Independent Director. Insider ownership stands at 1.5% (US$47m), which is considered reasonable but the overall selling trend raises caution."], ["20250613", "Soluna has secured $20 million in financing from Spring Lane Capital for the first 35MW phase of its Project Kati data center in Texas, which will be used for cryptomining. Construction is expected to begin in Q3 2025, with energization by 2026. Project Kati is a behind-the-meter facility that will utilize renewable energy from the Las Majadas Wind Project and is part of Soluna's broader expansion plans in renewable-powered digital infrastructure."], ["20250613", "Richard Anderson, former CEO of Delta Air Lines and Amtrak, has been named chair of Norfolk Southern. This appointment follows leadership shake-ups at the railroad company after a derailment in East Palestine, Ohio. Anderson's extensive experience in the transportation industry is expected to help Norfolk Southern navigate competitive financial challenges and drive strategic improvements."], ["20250613", "Terra Innovatum will host a Virtual Investor Day on June 25, 2025, to discuss its proposed business combination with GSR III Acquisition Corp. and its SOLO\u2122 micro-modular nuclear reactor technology. The company will also participate in the 15th Annual ROTH London Conference on June 26, 2025, for one-on-one investor meetings. Terra Innovatum aims to bring its zero-carbon energy solution public on Nasdaq and has recently made progress in regulatory engagements and strategic partnerships."], ["20250613", "NextDecade Corporation has made significant progress on its Rio Grande LNG Facility by finalizing the EPC contract for Train 4 and executing a new EPC contract for Train 5 with Bechtel Energy Inc. These contracts, valued at approximately $4.77 billion and $4.32 billion respectively, aim to secure financing and commercial commitments for the liquefaction trains. The company is targeting final investment decisions for both trains before September 15, 2025, supported by completed commercialization for Train 4 and a new 20-year LNG SPA with JERA for Train 5."], ["20250613", "NextDecade Corporation has finalized significant contracts with Bechtel Energy for the construction of Trains 4 and 5 of the Rio Grande LNG project in Texas, totaling approximately $9 billion. The revised EPC contract for Train 4 is now $4.77 billion, and a new contract for Train 5 is for $4.32 billion. NextDecade is proceeding with financing and aiming for final investment decisions for both trains, with commercialization for Train 4 complete and efforts underway for Train 5."], ["20250613", "Horizon Aircraft has announced a strategic partnership with MT-Propeller to supply advanced composite propellers for its Cavorite X7 hybrid eVTOL aircraft. This collaboration aims to enhance the aircraft's speed, efficiency, and noise reduction capabilities for both vertical and conventional flight operations. The partnership is a key step towards the certification and production of the Cavorite X7, working to transform regional air mobility."], ["20250613", "Ford CEO Jim Farley stated that a shortage of rare earth minerals forced the company to temporarily close one of its factories. These minerals, primarily sourced from China, are crucial for car production, and China's export controls have created significant supply chain challenges for U.S. automakers. While a recent agreement between the U.S. and China offers some optimism for easing supply constraints, the situation remains \"day to day\" for Ford."], ["20250613", "The topsides for Cenovus Energy\u2019s West White Rose offshore platform have begun their journey from Texas to Newfoundland. The 23,000-tonne structure will be installed in the White Rose field in July, with the overall project being 90% complete and on schedule for first oil in Q2 2026, expected to add 45,000 bbls/d of light sweet oil production."], ["20250613", "Canadian Solar showcased its latest N-type high-efficiency modules, energy storage systems, and smart inverters at SNEC 2025, highlighting advancements in power output, efficiency, and reliability. Their new 182 Pro modules offer up to 670W and 24.8% efficiency, while the SolBank 3.0 Plus energy storage system boasts a 25-year lifespan and enhanced safety features. The company also presented a range of inverters suitable for various solar projects, emphasizing their high conversion efficiency and broad applicability across global markets."], ["20250613", "David Gitlin, Chairman and CEO of Carrier Global Corporation, discusses the challenges and evolution of his role, starting with the company's spin-off from United Technologies and the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. He highlights Carrier's successful repositioning as a global leader in intelligent climate and energy solutions, driven by customer demand for sustainability. Gitlin also shares insights on effective CEO leadership, emphasizing the importance of strategic time allocation, building a strong culture, and focusing on execution and customer-centricity rather than solely on stock price."], ["20250613", "CenterPoint Energy has reached a settlement agreement for its 2026-2028 Systemwide Resiliency Plan (SRP), the largest grid resiliency investment in the company's history, aimed at strengthening Houston's electric system against extreme weather. Subject to PUCT approval, this $3+ billion investment is expected to reduce storm-related outages by nearly 1 billion minutes for 2.8 million customers by 2029 through initiatives like automation devices, stronger poles, and advanced vegetation management. The plan also defers over $240 million in costs to lessen immediate bill impacts for customers."], ["20250613", "Black Hills Energy's South Dakota subsidiary has secured approval from the Wyoming Public Service Commission to begin construction on its $280 million Lang II Project in Rapid City. This 99-megawatt dispatchable generation resource will replace aging units that have served South Dakota and eastern Wyoming since the 1960s. The project, featuring six reciprocating internal combustion engines capable of running on natural gas and diesel, is expected to start construction next month and be operational by next year, providing a cost-effective and reliable power source."], ["20250613", "CN (Canadian National Railway Company) plans to invest an estimated $170 million in Illinois as part of its 2025 capital investment program. This investment will support track maintenance, infrastructure initiatives like the Chicago Logistics Hub, and upgrades to technology and training facilities at its Homewood campus. The company emphasizes that these efforts will enhance the safe movement of goods and contribute to CN's long-term sustainable growth in Illinois and across its network."], ["20250613", "NextDecade has finalized a pricing refresh for the EPC contract of Rio Grande LNG Train 4 and executed a new EPC contract for Train 5 with Bechtel Energy Inc. The company projects significant costs for both trains, totaling billions of dollars. NextDecade aims to achieve a positive Final Investment Decision (FID) for Train 4 before the pricing validity period ends."], ["20250613", "Vertical Aerospace and Bristow Group have expanded their strategic partnership to deliver \"ready-to-fly\" eVTOL operations for VX4 customers. This collaboration aims to provide fully integrated solutions including certified aircraft, trained pilots, maintenance, and insurance, reducing barriers for customers adopting advanced air mobility. Bristow has also placed a pre-order for up to 50 VX4 aircraft with an option for 50 more, demonstrating confidence in the VX4's commercial viability and certification path."], ["20250613", "TMD Energy Limited (TMDE) stock surged by 41.3% due to strong quarterly earnings, a significant venture into eco-friendly technology, and positive analyst predictions driven by strategic expansion in renewable energy solutions. The company's robust financial health, including decreasing liabilities and growing assets, further boosts investor confidence. TMDE's journey from an underdog to a major industry contender highlights its adaptability and strategic market capitalization."], ["20250613", "Barnwell Industries Inc. saw its stock rise by 15.43% after securing a major court victory against Sherwood Group, which attempted to gain control. The Delaware Court of Chancery disqualified Sherwood\u2019s director nominees, reassuring shareholders despite ongoing governance challenges and a recent dip in revenue. The company remains committed to strategic growth, particularly in Canadian energy assets, offering potential for long-term gains."], ["20250613", "ConocoPhillips has completed the transport of its first LNG cargo from Equatorial Guinea, a significant milestone for the company's global LNG portfolio. Loading operations at the EG LNG terminal concluded on June 9, 2025. This achievement underscores ConocoPhillips' commitment to the Gas Mega Hub initiative promoted by Equatorial Guinea's Ministry of Hydrocarbons and Mining Development."], ["20250613", "Vantage Corp (VNTG) is a marine shipping company specializing in tanker shipbroking, offering brokerage, consultancy, and operational support across various petroleum products, biofuels, and vegetable oils. Founded in 2012, it listed on the NYSE American in June 2025 and operates primarily in Singapore and Dubai, with expansion plans into China through recent acquisitions. The company emphasizes a data-driven approach with its proprietary Opswiz software and aims for growth through regional expansion, M&A, and human capital investment."], ["20250613", "National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) has been recognized by Dividend Channel as a \"S.A.F.E. 25\" stock due to its strong 2.5% dividend yield and a track record of over two decades of consistent dividend growth. The company pays an annualized dividend of $2.14 per share quarterly and has a flawless history of never missing or lowering its dividends. NFG is a component of both the iShares S&P 1500 Index ETF (ITOT) and the SPDR S&P Dividend ETF (SDY)."], ["20250613", "Quanta Services Inc. has acquired a minority share in Bell Lumber & Pole, a move expected to expand Bell's capabilities in engineering, installation, and emergency response. Bell will remain privately held and independently led, with its leadership, culture, and mission unchanged. This strategic partnership also propels Bell towards its philanthropic goals, aiming to impact hundreds of thousands of lives in the coming decade."], ["20250613", "Allison Transmission is acquiring Dana Inc.\u2019s off-highway business for $2.7 billion, a move that will expand Allison\u2019s commercial-duty powertrain and industrial solutions into a broader global marketplace. The deal is expected to close by Q4 2025, with Dana planning to use $2 billion of the net cash proceeds to repay debt and strengthen its balance sheet. This acquisition allows Dana to focus on its light and commercial vehicle businesses."], ["20250612", "This article presents a Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) analysis for Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM), calculating an intrinsic value per share of $156.69. Compared to its current price of $109.31, the analysis suggests XOM is undervalued with a margin of safety of over 30%. The report details the inputs used for the DCF model, including forecasted free cash flows, terminal value, enterprise value, and net debt."], ["20250612", "Toro Corp, led by Petros Panagiotidis, has re-entered the tanker segment by acquiring a 2021-built MR products carrier for $36.25 million, which will be funded by cash on hand and is expected to be delivered in Q2 or Q3 of the current year. This move comes after the company spun off its last handysize products carrier into Robin Energy, retaining a fleet of four LPG carriers. Toro was established in 2022 with eight tankers, seven of which were sold for a profit."], ["20250612", "Expro Group Holdings N.V. announced the appointment of Sergio Maiworm as its new Chief Financial Officer, effective June 30, 2025. Maiworm, previously CFO at Talos Energy, brings over 20 years of energy and finance experience to Expro. He succeeds Quinn Fanning, whose departure is not related to financial performance issues but aligns with the company's evolving strategy and growth objectives."], ["20250612", "The National Highway Transportation Safety Board (NHTSA) has issued recalls for specific Mack and Peterbilt trucks. Peterbilt recalls affect certain 2024-2026 models due to potential brake piping issues, while Mack recalls involve select 2026 Granite trucks for incorrect drive axle brake drums and load rating labels. Owners will be notified in July 2025 by both manufacturers for free repairs."], ["20250612", "NextNRG, Inc. has formed a strategic partnership with Hudson Sustainable Group LLC, a prominent renewable energy investor. This collaboration aims to jointly develop, finance, and deploy various energy assets, including solar, battery storage, and EV charging infrastructure, leveraging Hudson's substantial capital and NextNRG's technology. The partnership will provide NextNRG access to further development opportunities and enhance its ability to scale AI-optimized, distributed energy infrastructure."], ["20250612", "NexGen Energy Ltd. has received regulatory approval from the Saskatchewan Ministry of Environment for its 2025 Site Program at the Rook I Property. The program includes establishing a temporary exploration airstrip, expanding camp facilities by 373 beds, and improving site access roads, with work commencing soon and camp commissioning in Q1 2026. These enhancements support the rapidly expanding exploration activities at the Patterson Corridor East (PCE) discovery and prioritize local Indigenous and community participation."], ["20250612", "NextDecade Corp. has secured $9.1 billion in EPC contracts with Bechtel for the construction of Trains 4 and 5 at its Rio Grande LNG facility in Texas. These agreements are crucial for advancing its expansion plans, with financing efforts underway and final investment decisions targeted before the current pricing window expires on September 15, 2025. The company expects additional costs bringing the total investment per train to up to $2 billion beyond the EPC contracts."], ["20250612", "J.B. Hunt Transport Services, BNSF Railway, and Mexico-based rail provider GMXT have launched \"Quantum de M\u00e9xico,\" a new cross-border rail intermodal service between the U.S. and Mexico. This service targets service-sensitive freight such as automotive and electronics, aiming to convert over-the-road cargo to rail intermodal. The initiative seeks to capitalize on the significant portion of freight currently moved by truck between the two countries, offering benefits like reduced carbon emissions and consistent transit times."], ["20250612", "Delta Air Lines CEO Ed Bastian's total annual compensation was US$27 million in 2024, a 21% decrease from the previous year, with his salary being US$991,000. This compensation is significantly higher than the industry median for airline CEOs with market capitalizations over US$8 billion. Despite strong EPS growth of 90% over three years and a 57% total shareholder return, shareholders are likely to scrutinize further increases in CEO pay, especially as Bastian's compensation already exceeds the industry average."], ["20250612", "Thousands of locomotive engineers at CSX Transportation, represented by the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers and Trainmen (BLET) of the Teamsters Rail Conference, have ratified a new contract. This agreement secures 18.77 percent raises over its lifespan and five additional sick days annually for the 3,500 engineers, along with improved work rules. The BLET highlighted that achieving paid sick days without concessions was a significant victory in this hard-fought negotiation."], ["20250612", "CNX Resources Corporation (NYSE: CNX) announced the promotion of Alan Shepard to President, in addition to his current role as Chief Financial Officer. CEO Nick Deiuliis and Board Chairman Ian McGuire expressed strong confidence in Shepard's leadership, acknowledging his instrumental role since 2020 in developing and executing CNX's sustainable business model and capital allocation strategy. This move aims to further drive per-share value creation and community transformation for the company."], ["20250612", "BWX Technologies, Inc. (BWXT) announced that its joint venture, Nuclear Laboratory Partners of Canada Inc. (NLPC), has been awarded a contract by Atomic Energy of Canada Limited to manage and operate Canadian Nuclear Laboratories Ltd. (CNL). The contract, valued at C$1.2 billion annually for six years with extension options totaling up to 20 years, will see NLPC assume responsibility for CNL on September 13, 2025. BWXT, along with partners Kinectrics and Amentum, will lead CNL in developing clean energy, innovating nuclear medicine, and restoring Canada's environment."], ["20250612", "Crusoe has secured a $750 million credit facility from Brookfield Asset Management to finance the expansion of its data centers and AI cloud platform. This funding will accelerate the build-out of AI factories and critical infrastructure, supporting Crusoe's rapid growth in the AI landscape. The company plans to expand its footprint and provide enhanced solutions for its customers and partners."], ["20250612", "AgriFORCE (NASDAQ: AGRI) has signed a binding Letter of Intent with BlueFlare Energy Solutions for a 1.3MW Bitcoin mining deployment across five sites in Alberta, Canada. This ESG-focused initiative will utilize 315 Bitmain S21 Pro ASIC miners and BlueFlare's proprietary technology for performance optimization and environmental monitoring. AgriFORCE is committed to holding all mined Bitcoin and plans to augment its treasury through further market purchases, with the project expected to be completed within 90 days."], ["20250612", "Autohome Inc. participated in the 2025 International Automotive & Supply Chain Expo in Hong Kong, showcasing its expertise in AI and big data for the automotive industry. The company unveiled its overseas strategy, aiming to provide comprehensive online and offline solutions for Chinese automakers expanding globally, focusing on integrated services from procurement to after-sales support. Autohome's CEO, Mr. Yang Song, emphasized their commitment to building a global automotive service platform that helps \"intelligent manufacturing in China\" gain international recognition."], ["20250612", "Amentum, part of the BWXT-led joint venture Nuclear Laboratory Partners of Canada, Inc. (NLPC), has been awarded a significant contract by Atomic Energy of Canada Limited (AECL) for the management and operations of Canadian Nuclear Laboratories (CNL). Valued at approximately CAD$1.2 billion annually, the contract has a six-year base with potential extensions up to twenty years. This agreement will see Amentum provide nuclear operational solutions, R&D, and technical expertise to advance Canada's nuclear capabilities and innovation."], ["20250612", "Dana Incorporated announced it will sell its Off-Highway business to Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. for $2.7 billion. This strategic move aims to streamline Dana's operations, focusing on on-highway light- and commercial-vehicle systems, and is expected to generate $2.4 billion in net cash proceeds for debt repayment and shareholder returns. The transaction is projected to close late in the fourth quarter of 2025, subject to regulatory approvals."], ["20250612", "AES Corp has completed the first 1 GW stage of Amazon's 4 GWh Bellefield solar-plus-storage project in California, with the second stage expected to be finished next year. The full facility will be the largest of its kind in the US, powering around 467,000 homes and offsetting over one million tons of carbon emissions annually. AES is building the project under a 15-year deal with Amazon and is also a major clean energy supplier to data center hyperscalers."], ["20250612", "AES Corp has completed the first 1 GW solar plus 1 GW/2 GWh battery storage stage of the Bellefield project in California for Amazon. The second stage, which will double the capacity to 1 GW solar and 1 GW/4 GWh storage, is expected to be completed next year. This project is projected to be the largest solar-plus-storage facility in the United States, powering approximately 467,000 homes and offsetting over a million tons of carbon emissions annually."], ["20250612", "AerCap Holdings N.V. has won a significant legal victory in London's Commercial Court, securing a $1 billion insurance indemnity for aircraft and engines stranded in Russia after the invasion of Ukraine. This award, payable by July 2, 2025, brings AerCap's total pre-tax recoveries to $2.5 billion. The company is continuing further legal efforts to recoup additional losses against insurers and reinsurers."], ["20250612", "Transocean Ltd. (RIG) saw its share prices rise by 7.32% after securing a new $100 million contract from Equinor ASA. This contract extends drilling operations for the Transocean Spitsbergen rig in Norway, with work expected to begin in the first quarter of the year. Despite swinging to a net loss in the first quarter, the company's contract drilling revenues improved significantly."], ["20250612", "Flowco Holdings Inc. announced a stock repurchase program of up to $50 million for its Class A common stock. This move reflects the company's confidence in its long-term value, strong business model, and financial health, as stated by CEO Joe Bob Edwards. The program allows Flowco to repurchase shares opportunistically without compromising growth investments or dividend sustainability."], ["20250612", "TEN Ltd. announced the delivery of the eco-friendly suezmax tanker \"Dr Irene Tsakos\" and the naming of her sister vessel, \"Silia T,\" from Hyundai Heavy Industries. Both vessels have secured long-term charters with major energy companies, significantly boosting TEN's revenue backlog to approximately $3.7 billion. This delivery is part of TEN's comprehensive 'Greenship' program, which involves replacing older vessels with modern, eco-friendly newbuildings and acquisitions to expand its carrying capacity and reinforce its market position."], ["20250612", "Ituran Location and Control Ltd. has formed a strategic partnership with BMW Motorrad Brasil to provide advanced telematics services to BMW motorcycle customers. This collaboration aims to enhance rider safety, security, and connectivity in Brazil, significantly expanding Ituran's market presence. The services include real-time location tracking, geofencing, maintenance alerts, and vehicle recovery, with new BMW motorcycles receiving 24 months of free access to Ituran's service."], ["20250612", "General Motors is shifting some production from Mexico to the U.S., including moving the internal combustion Chevrolet Blazer to its Spring Hill, Tennessee plant by 2027. This decision is influenced by factors such as tariffs, electric vehicle demand, and the need for factory flexibility. The move enables GM to better adapt to market changes and potential trade policies."], ["20250612", "Sempra Infrastructure and JERA Co. Inc. have signed a non-binding heads of agreement for a 20-year sale and purchase agreement for 1.5 million tpy of LNG from the Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 development project in Texas. This agreement marks significant progress toward a final investment decision for the project, which aims to expand the reach of US natural gas to global markets and increase the Port Arthur LNG facility's total capacity. The project has secured necessary permits and has other commercial agreements underway, including potential equity investment from Aramco and an EPC contract with Bechtel."], ["20250612", "Hedgeye flagged the Global X Uranium ETF (URA) in May 2025, just before it experienced a significant surge of over 30% in less than a month. This performance is attributed to a shift in Hedgeye's Macro forecasting model to Quad 2 (accelerating growth + inflation), which favors commodities and energy stocks, along with bullish quantitative signals and strong fundamental demand for nuclear energy. URA's success demonstrates Hedgeye's data-driven investment process, combining macro, quantitative, and fundamental analysis."], ["20250612", "Oilsands companies MEG Energy Corp. and Cenovus Energy Inc. are restoring full operations after wildfires in Alberta disrupted production. Both companies reported no damage to infrastructure and expressed gratitude to emergency responders and their teams. The fires, including the Caribou Lake fire, continue to burn, affecting a significant area."], ["20250612", "General Motors is reportedly backing away from its 2035 goal of selling only electric vehicles, instead investing $4 billion primarily into gasoline-powered cars. This shift reflects flagging support for EVs among various stakeholders, including government and consumers, and a response to changing political landscapes like potential tariffs. While GM still plans to produce EVs, the new investments indicate a prolonged commitment to internal combustion engine vehicles, making the 2035 all-EV target increasingly unlikely."], ["20250612", "TETRA Technologies, Inc. announced its senior management will participate in two investor conferences in late June 2025. CEO Brady Murphy and VP of Investor Relations Kurt Hallead will attend the J.P. Morgan 2025 Energy, Power, Renewables & Mining Conference, while CFO Elijio Serrano and Hallead will participate in the virtual 2025 Northland Growth Conference. Both events will feature one-on-one meetings with institutional investors."], ["20250612", "Archer Aviation Inc. announced it has raised an additional $850 million following a White House Executive Order to accelerate the deployment of eVTOL aircraft in the U.S. This financing bolsters Archer's liquidity to approximately $2 billion, which the company states is the strongest balance sheet in the eVTOL sector. Archer plans to use the new capital for general corporate purposes, including building out its commercial capabilities and developing an AI-based aviation software platform."], ["20250612", "EnerSys (NYSE: ENS) is positioned for long-term growth and margin expansion due to its resilient legacy business combined with innovations in lithium-ion technology, defense, and energy storage. The company's strong financial performance, characterized by margin gains and robust cash flow, suggests its stock is currently undervalued. Key growth catalysts include the transition to lithium, expansion in defense and aerospace markets, increasing data center demand, and the potential for a U.S. lithium facility supported by IRA incentives."], ["20250612", "Aemetis, Inc. CEO Eric McAfee engaged in discussions with high-level government officials regarding the federal tax bill's support for domestic energy and rural communities, specifically focusing on Section 45Z production tax credits for biofuels and biogas. He emphasized the \"One Big Beautiful Bill Act\" as a crucial opportunity. The meetings highlighted the importance of extending and modifying the 45Z tax credit to include domestic feedstocks and remove the indirect land use penalty, which is vital for Aemetis's expanding renewable natural gas and renewable fuels projects."], ["20250612", "Group 1 Automotive has sold two of its dealerships in New Jersey, a Subaru store and a Chrysler-Dodge-Jeep-Ram dealership, to Circle Motor Group. The sale is part of Group 1's ongoing strategy to divest certain assets, while Circle Motor Group continues its expansion in the region. The former World Chrysler-Dodge-Jeep-Ram dealership signage was updated on June 9."], ["20250612", "Forward Air Corporation announced changes to its Board of Directors following its 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, including the resignations of George Mayes, Javier Polit, and Laurie Tucker. The Board has been reduced to eight directors, with Jerome Lorrain appointed as Executive Chairman and Paul Svindland as Lead Independent Director. Shareholders also approved proposals including the reincorporation of the Company from Tennessee to Delaware."], ["20250612", "Granite Ridge Resources, Inc. announced that Luke Brandenberg has stepped down as President and CEO, effective June 11, 2025. Tyler Farquharson, previously CFO, has been promoted to President and CEO, and Kim Weimer, Chief Accounting Officer, to Interim Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. The company is actively searching for a permanent CFO and reaffirms its operational and financial guidance for 2025."], ["20250612", "National Fuel Gas Company has announced its 55th consecutive annual dividend increase. The quarterly rate will rise by 3.9% from 51.5 cents to 53.5 cents per share, resulting in an annual rate of $2.14 per share. This dividend is payable on July 15, 2025, to stockholders of record as of June 30, 2025."], ["20250612", "Dorman Products (NASDAQ:DORM) will be the primary sponsor of Justin Haley's No. 7 Chevrolet at the NASCAR Cup Series race at Pocono Raceway on June 22nd. This marks Dorman's fifth year partnering with Spire Motorsports, using the sponsorship to connect with NASCAR fans and highlight shared values of performance and innovation. The event is part of a multi-pronged marketing campaign for the automotive aftermarket products company."], ["20250612", "Core Laboratories (NYSE:CLB) appears 49% undervalued with a fair value projected at US$23.89 based on a 2-stage Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) model, significantly higher than its current share price of US$12.26. The analysis, which relies on analyst estimates and a 7.6% discount rate, suggests a substantial discount to its intrinsic value. Investors should consider the assumptions behind this valuation and other factors like financial health and future earnings."], ["20250612", "Sempra Infrastructure has signed a non-binding heads of agreement with JERA for a 20-year sale and purchase agreement for 1.5 million tonnes per annum of LNG from the Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 development project. This collaboration aims to diversify Japan's energy sources and strengthen supply resilience. The Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 project is progressing towards a final investment decision, having received key permits and attracting other significant agreements."], ["20250611", "Terra Innovatum has partnered with Paragon Energy Solutions to integrate NRC-approved instrumentation and control (I&C) systems into its SOLO\u2122 micro-modular nuclear reactor and support its global deployment. This collaboration is crucial for Terra Innovatum's goal of achieving commercial deployment of SOLO\u2122 by 2028, leveraging Paragon's expertise in nuclear component manufacturing and I&C systems. The partnership aims to accelerate the regulatory and commercial pathway for SOLO\u2122, which is designed for modular scalability, efficient energy production, and various applications in urban and industrial environments."], ["20250611", "The Ohio Power Siting Board has approved the construction of the 200-megawatt Socrates South Power Generation Project, a natural gas-fired plant operated by The Williams Companies. This plant will exclusively power a Meta data center campus in New Albany, Ohio, and will not be connected to the electric grid. The project, utilizing a combination of gas turbines and reciprocating engines for high reliability, is expected to begin construction in June 2025 and be fully operational by the end of 2026."], ["20250611", "More than 20 Florida-based companies made the 2025 Fortune 500 list, representing various industries across the state. This article highlights these companies, their headquarters, and their primary business sectors, with Publix being the only privately-owned Florida company on the list. Requirements for the Fortune 500 include being a for-profit, U.S.-based company with top 500 U.S. revenue, regardless of whether it's publicly traded or privately held."], ["20250611", "Shin-Nihon Helicopters has purchased two Bell 429 helicopters, further expanding its position as Japan's largest Bell fleet operator. These new additions will be used for powerline patrol and personnel transportation, building on a long-standing relationship between Shin-Nihon Helicopters and Bell that began in 1960. The Bell 429 is a versatile light twin-engine aircraft known for its cabin size, avionics, speed, and range, with over 500 units operating globally."], ["20250611", "Transportadora de Gas del Sur (TGS) has fully reactivated its General Cerri Industrial Complex in Bah\u00eda Blanca, Argentina, three months after it suffered severe damage from floods. This facility is crucial for the production of natural gas liquids, with an annual capacity exceeding 1,050,000 tons. Despite the challenges, TGS maintained the continuity of natural gas supply throughout the emergency."], ["20250611", "SLB announced that its flagship digital platform, optimized for the energy sector, will be deployed on Mistral Compute, Mistral AI's new integrated AI compute offering. This collaboration will provide an AI environment hosted entirely within European borders, ensuring data residency and security while delivering the computational power needed for advanced AI models. The initiative aims to accelerate insights from complex energy data, allowing for faster and more accurate interpretation of seismic and well log data, thereby enhancing exploration, drilling, and completion strategies."], ["20250611", "Soluna Holdings, Inc. secured $20 million in financing from Spring Lane Capital to initiate Project Kati 1, a 35-megawatt phase for a new data center. This project will expand Soluna\u2019s Texas operations for Bitcoin hosting and marks continued collaboration between the two companies. Spring Lane Capital also agreed to extend up to $100 million for Soluna's future data center pipeline for Bitcoin and AI applications."], ["20250611", "Perma-Pipe International Holdings, Inc. announced its first project award in Qatar, valued at US$2.4 million, leveraging its XTRU-THERM insulation system. The company will establish a temporary facility in Doha for timely project execution while simultaneously building a permanent facility to expand its presence in the MENA region and serve markets in Southeast Asia. This expansion is a significant strategic step for Perma-Pipe, reinforcing its commitment to the Qatari market and its role as a leader in pre-insulated piping and leak detection systems."], ["20250611", "Pembina Pipeline Corporation (TSE:PPL) is set to pay a dividend of CA$0.71 per share in four days, with a trailing yield of 5.6%. While the dividend is covered by both profits (90% payout ratio) and free cash flow (66% consumed), the limited earnings growth of 2.7% per annum over the last five years and high payout ratio suggest potential reinvestment limitations. The article concludes that from a dividend perspective, Pembina Pipeline is not particularly attractive."], ["20250611", "Oklo Inc. has been issued a Notice of Intent to Award (NOITA) by the Defense Logistics Agency Energy to provide clean, reliable power to Eielson Air Force Base in Alaska. This project signifies the Department of the Air Force\u2019s microreactor pilot program to enhance energy resilience and reliability for critical national security infrastructure. Oklo will design, construct, own, and operate an Aurora powerhouse, supplying electricity and heat under a long-term power purchase agreement."], ["20250611", "Nova Minerals (ASX: NVA, NASDAQ: NVA) has initiated a 3,000-meter diamond drilling program at its Stibium prospect in Alaska, targeting gold and antimony with the aim of establishing a maiden mineral resource estimate later this year. This initiative is strategically important for securing critical mineral supply chains within the United States, as antimony is crucial for national security applications and the U.S. currently has no domestic production. The company is also seeking U.S. Department of Defence funding to accelerate the development of its antimony assets and plans for an antimony processing hub."], ["20250611", "The automotive industry's shift towards software-defined vehicles and autonomous systems has increased its reliance on semiconductors, presenting new supply chain and financial challenges for OEMs and suppliers. This article highlights how strategic inventory finance solutions can help automakers manage component shortages, extended lead times, and tariff uncertainties, ensuring operational continuity and financial optimization. By reallocating working capital and implementing structured inventory management, companies can maintain competitiveness and support innovation in this evolving landscape."], ["20250611", "General Motors plans a $4 billion investment to shift vehicle production from Mexico to three U.S. plants, including its Orion Assembly plant in suburban Detroit. This move, driven by increased demand for high-profit SUVs and U.S. trade policies, aims to bring the production of full-size SUVs, light-duty pickups, and the Blazer and Equinox models to American facilities. While GM emphasizes boosting American manufacturing and jobs, the Mexican economy minister stated that GM assured him operations in Mexico would continue normally."], ["20250611", "Flotek Industries (FTK) recently hit a fresh 52-week high, surging 200% over the past year due to investor confidence in its transformation strategy, including recurring revenues and global growth. A key driver is the $108 million acquisition of power optimization assets from ProFrac Holding Corp., shifting FTK into a recurring-revenue, data-focused business model. The company's strong financial performance, international expansion, and entry into the Russell 3000 Index position it for continued growth, despite a high valuation compared to its subindustry average."], ["20250611", "Enbridge's liquids \"super system\" achieved record volumes in the first quarter of 2025, driven by strong market demand for crude oil. The company is implementing quick-to-market initiatives, including expansions on its Mainline and Permian systems and at the Ingleside export terminal, to further increase capacity and meet rising global oil demand. These strategic expansions aim to solidify Enbridge's critical role in North American and international energy markets."], ["20250611", "Eve Air Mobility announced advancements in its eVTOL program at the Paris Air Show 2025, highlighting aircraft design evolution, rigorous testing, and the development of its integrated service solution, TechCare. The company is prioritizing comprehensive ground-based validation for safety and compliance, with flight tests expected to begin in the summer of 2025 using multiple prototypes for development and certification. Design refinements improve passenger experience, operational efficiency, and safety, while the TechCare ecosystem, now including Vector, offers comprehensive support for eVTOL operations through pilot training, maintenance, battery exchange, and spare parts."], ["20250611", "HF Sinclair (NYSE:DINO) shareholders who invested a year ago are currently down 30%, or 26% including dividends, despite a recent 20% rise in the last quarter. The company reported a loss during the past year, which impacted investor sentiment. However, longer-term investors (five years) would have seen an annual return of 6%, suggesting that if fundamental data shows sustained growth, the current dip might present a buying opportunity."], ["20250611", "Canadian Pacific Kansas City Limited (CPKC) announced a C$1.4 billion debt offering through its subsidiary, Canadian Pacific Railway Company. The offering consists of three tranches with varying maturities and interest rates, topping out at 4.8% for notes due 2055. The proceeds will be used to refinance existing debt and for general corporate purposes, with the transaction expected to close on June 13, 2025."], ["20250611", "Canadian National Railway (CN) set a new all-time monthly record in October by moving over 3.4 million tonnes of grain from Western Canada. This achievement surpasses their previous monthly record by 110,000 tonnes and highlights strong execution and customer collaboration. CN continues to invest more than C$3 billion in 2025 to enhance capacity, fluidity, and safety across its network."], ["20250611", "Cadeler, an offshore wind installation company based in Copenhagen, has successfully secured \u20ac675m ($770m) in financing from a consortium of international banks. This funding will support the construction of two A-Class wind foundation installation jackup vessels in China, which are designed to handle next-generation wind turbine foundations. The loans, backed by Sinosure and Eksfin, will bolster Cadeler's ability to meet the growing global demand for large-scale renewable energy solutions."], ["20250611", "Black Hills Energy plans to implement a public safety power shut-off program this summer to mitigate wildfire risk, prompting South Dakota officials to prepare for potential disruptions. State radio manager Trent Nincehelser expressed concerns about the impact on emergency responders and communications, while Black Hills Energy stated the shut-offs would be a last resort in high-risk areas, alerting affected customers. Other utilities in the state already have similar plans, and Black Hills Energy expects such shut-offs based on historical data to be infrequent and short, unless damage occurs."], ["20250611", "ASP Isotopes Inc. has appointed Dr. Ryno Pretorius as CEO of Quantum Leap Energy LLC (QLE), its subsidiary focused on developing advanced nuclear fuels like HALEU and Lithium-6. Dr. Pretorius, with 15 years of chemical engineering experience and a background in nuclear fuel, will lead QLE as it prepares for a spin-out in the second half of 2025. The company is partnering with TerraPower to finance a new uranium enrichment facility in South Africa, aiming to meet growing global demand for HALEU and accelerate the adoption of new nuclear energy."], ["20250611", "Dana (DAN.N) is selling its off-highway business to Allison Transmission (ALSN.N) for $2.7 billion. This move aligns with Dana's strategy to become a streamlined light- and commercial-vehicle supplier, prompting a 7% rise in its shares and a $1 billion capital return program for shareholders. The off-highway unit represented nearly 27% of Dana's 2024 revenue."], ["20250611", "Aeva has achieved TISAX Assessment Level 2 (AL2) certification, affirming its dedication to stringent information security standards in the automotive industry. This certification, along with their existing ISO/IEC 27001:2022, highlights Aeva's maturity in supporting global OEMs with secure, automotive-qualified sensing solutions for advanced vehicle automation. The company's 4D LiDAR technology aims to provide secure and reliable solutions for next-generation automated driving systems."], ["20250611", "Stem, Inc. announced a 1-for-20 reverse stock split to regain compliance with NYSE listing requirements, effective June 23, 2025. This action will reduce the number of issued and outstanding shares and proportionately adjust equity incentive plans and convertible notes. Stockholders will uniformly be affected, with cash payments for fractional shares."], ["20250611", "This page provides the latest news and market updates for CBAK Energy Technology Inc. (CBAT), a prominent battery cell manufacturer. The news covers strategic partnerships, financial results, production capacity updates, and insights into the company's market position within the lithium-ion battery industry. Recent highlights include Q3 2025 financial results, product portfolio upgrades, and significant orders and partnerships for their battery models."], ["20250611", "Nova Minerals has initiated a 3,000-meter diamond drilling program at its Stibium gold-antimony prospect in Alaska, aiming to define a maiden Mineral Resource Estimate for both gold and antimony. The company is also pursuing funding from the US Department of Defense to fast-track antimony production, including potential processing facility construction. Initial drilling targets high-grade mineralization previously identified through surface sampling, with results up to 60.5% antimony and 141 g/t gold."], ["20250611", "DTE Energy has completed its third new solar park of 2025, Polaris Solar Park, in Gratiot County, Michigan. This 100-megawatt park will power over 23,000 homes and generate significant tax revenue for local communities. The project is part of DTE's ongoing investment in renewable energy and its CleanVision MIGreenPower program, contributing to economic development and the company's net-zero carbon emissions goal."], ["20250611", "Ford's market share increased by nearly two points due to its employee pricing incentive strategy, which was implemented in response to President Donald Trump's import tariffs. The incentive program, initially launched on April 2, has been extended through July 6. The article also mentions related news regarding U.S. Supreme Court rulings on Trump's tariffs and their impact on vehicle prices."], ["20250611", "Golden Ocean Group Limited (GOGL) has released its seventh annual ESG Report for 2024, prepared in accordance with SASB and GRI Standards. The report highlights a 11.7% reduction in CII emissions compared to 2019, surpassing the 2024 target. CEO Peder Simonsen stated that the company is on track for a 15% reduction by 2026, 30% by 2030, and net-zero by 2050."], ["20250611", "Duke Energy announced plans to build a 1.4-gigawatt natural gas-fired power plant in Anderson County, South Carolina, aiming for construction to start in 2027 and operation by 2031. This project is intended to meet the growing energy demands driven by economic development and population growth in the state. The plant will benefit from a partnership with GE Vernova for equipment and is expected to create hundreds of jobs."], ["20250611", "The AES Corporation has completed the first phase (1,000 MW) of its Bellefield solar-plus-storage project, the largest in the U.S., under a 15-year contract with Amazon. This phase consists of 500 MW of solar and 500 MW of battery storage. The total 2,000 MW project, located in Kern County, California, is expected to displace over 1 million metric tons of CO2 annually and created over 700 union jobs, with more anticipated for the second phase, which is on track for completion in 2026."], ["20250611", "Fasken advised Howden Group on its US$195 million acquisition of Compressor Products International (CPI) from EnPro Industries, Inc., which closed in December 2021. This strategic acquisition enhances Howden's global aftermarket presence in the compressor market by leveraging CPI's service centers and supports Howden's role in the energy transition. The Fasken legal team covered various specializations including M&A, competition, environmental, labour, employment, and tax law."], ["20250611", "Plus Automation plans to go public by merging with special purpose acquisition company Churchill Capital Corp IX, expecting to raise up to $300 million. The virtual driver software firm, which claims to have no debt, will operate as PlusAI after the merger and aims to fund the commercial launch of factory-built autonomous trucks by 2027. This deal follows a similar SPAC announcement by competitor Kodiak Robotics, with Plus claiming significantly more autonomous driving miles."], ["20250611", "Latham & Watkins LLP represented Allison Transmission Holdings Inc. in its definitive agreement to acquire the Off-Highway business of Dana Incorporated for approximately US$2.7 billion. The transaction involved a large cross-border M&A team from Latham & Watkins, providing expertise across various legal areas including M&A, financing, intellectual property, tax, benefits and compensation, labor and employment, real estate, environmental, data privacy, antitrust, FDI, sanctions, FCPA, and insurance matters. The acquisition further enhances Allison Transmission's propulsion solutions portfolio."], ["20250610", "Eni and Argentina's YPF have signed a crucial agreement to advance the Argentina LNG (ARGLNG) project, following a meeting between the Argentine President and Italian Prime Minister. This agreement outlines the steps towards a final investment decision for the project's next phase, which includes developing infrastructure for gas production, treatment, transportation, and liquefaction using FLNG units, aiming for 12 million tons of LNG per year. The project, leveraging the Vaca Muerta shale formation, seeks to scale up to export 30 million tons of LNG annually by 2030, with Eni contributing its expertise in FLNG developments."], ["20250610", "W&T Offshore, Inc. (NYSE: WTI) has announced the reappointment of John D. Buchanan as Presiding Director for 2025, a role he has held since the 2024 Annual General Meeting. Mr. Buchanan, who joined the Board in April 2024, brings over 30 years of experience in oil and gas, commercial, and banking law. The company's Chairman and CEO, Tracy W. Krohn, praised Buchanan's extensive legal and energy industry expertise as valuable to the Board."], ["20250610", "General Motors announced a $4 billion investment in three U.S. facilities to increase production of gas-powered SUVs and trucks, citing slowing electric vehicle demand. This move casts doubt on GM's 2035 commitment to end gas-powered vehicle production, but was welcomed by the White House, which has imposed tariffs to encourage domestic manufacturing. The investment will see Orion Assembly, Fairfax Assembly, and Spring Hill plants add gas-powered models, some of which are currently built in Mexico."], ["20250610", "Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP advised initial purchasers on WEC Energy Group, Inc.'s offering of $900 million in 3.375% Convertible Senior Notes due 2028. This private placement included an additional $125 million from an over-allotment option. WEC Energy Group is a public utility holding company providing regulated natural gas, electricity, and renewable energy services across several Midwestern states."], ["20250610", "Vontier Corporation has acquired Sergeant Sudz, a U.S. provider of smart tunnel automation and motor control center (MCC) technology for car wash operators. This acquisition enhances Vontier\u2019s car wash portfolio by integrating Sergeant Sudz\u2019s industrial automation expertise with DRB, Vontier's flagship car wash technology business, aiming to offer a more comprehensive digital solution. The move is expected to drive efficiency, revenue growth, and improved performance for car wash operators by combining DRB\u2019s current strengths with Sergeant Sudz\u2019s advanced MCC capabilities."], ["20250610", "VinFast, the Vietnamese EV manufacturer, reported a 149.9% year-on-year revenue increase to $656.5 million in Q1 2025, with EV deliveries up 296%. Despite continuing gross and net losses, the company showed significant improvement in its gross profit margin due to increased operational efficiency and aims to at least double global vehicle deliveries in 2025. VinFast is also expanding its product line with new electric vans and buses and strategically growing its presence in key markets like Indonesia, the Philippines, India, North America, and Europe."], ["20250610", "Uber is set to launch its first robotaxi pilot scheme in London in early 2026, partnering with British AI firm Wayve Technologies Ltd. This initiative aims to catch up with competitors like Waymo and Tesla in the autonomous vehicle market. While the UK government has introduced legislation to support self-driving services, London taxi drivers remain skeptical about their feasibility on the city's complex streets."], ["20250610", "Daimler Truck, Mitsubishi Fuso, Hino, and Toyota Motor Corporation have finalized agreements to merge Mitsubishi Fuso and Hino, creating a new Japanese truck powerhouse. This integration aims to improve business efficiency, enhance competitiveness in the commercial vehicle sector, and drive the development of CASE technologies for carbon neutrality and logistics efficiency. The new listed holding company, headquartered in Tokyo with Karl Deppen as CEO, is expected to begin operations in April 2026, with Daimler Truck and Toyota each owning 25%."], ["20250610", "In 2024, Sonoco significantly reduced its scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions and made progress on sustainability by restructuring business units, acquiring Eviosys, and divesting thermoformed and flexibles businesses. The company achieved these reductions through revised transportation logistics, process improvements at its metal packaging plants, and strategic use of its four U.S. materials recovery facilities (MRFs) for product development and material supply. Additionally, Sonoco eliminated intentionally added PFAS across most of its supply chain, particularly in food-contact packaging, and is now focusing on identifying and removing other substances of concern such as PVC in response to looming legislation."], ["20250610", "PHINIA Inc. has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Swedish Electromagnet Invest AB (SEM) for $47 million. This acquisition is expected to generate $50 million in annual revenue and approximately $10 million in annual adjusted EBITDA for SEM. The deal, slated to close in Q3 2025, will strengthen PHINIA's product portfolio in alternative fuel ignition systems and expand its presence in commercial vehicle, industrial, and aftermarket sectors, aligning with its strategy for carbon-neutral and carbon-free fuels."], ["20250610", "PBF Energy Inc. (NYSE:PBF) is identified as using debt in its business, raising concerns about associated risks. The company's net debt increased to US$1.77 billion by March 2025, with liabilities significantly outweighing cash and near-term receivables. Analysts express hesitations due to negative EBIT and shrinking revenue, warning that the company might require major recapitalization\u2014a substantial risk for investors."], ["20250610", "NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. has appointed Rick Perry, former Governor of Texas and U.S. Secretary of Energy, as Chairman of its Executive Advisory Board. Perry will lead a distinguished board of experts and contribute his experience to the company's advanced nuclear energy technology development, particularly with microreactors. This appointment is seen as a significant step for NANO Nuclear in its mission to innovate and lead in the nuclear power sector, leveraging Perry's extensive background in public service and energy policy."], ["20250610", "Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. (ICE) reported a record open interest across its futures markets in September 2025, with total open interest up 15% year-over-year. This growth was driven by significant increases in energy, oil, natural gas, cotton, and financial sectors, including interest rates. ICE's President, Ben Jackson, highlighted that these records reflect how their global customer base utilizes ICE's liquid benchmarks for price discovery and risk management across various interconnected asset classes."], ["20250610", "Halliburton has secured a five-year contract to provide subsurface technology, drilling, completion services, and digital solutions for Repsol SA's UK North Sea assets, including decommissioning. This agreement follows a recent joint venture between Repsol and NEO Energy Group Ltd. aimed at consolidating their UK North Sea assets, creating a market leader with significant production and operational capabilities. The JV, owned 45% by Repsol and 55% by NEO, will operate 11 production hubs and manage substantial undeveloped reserves, with Repsol retaining a significant decommissioning funding commitment."], ["20250610", "EOG Resources is set to acquire Encino Acquisition Partners for $5.6 billion, significantly expanding its Utica Shale holdings in Ohio to 1.1 million acres. This acquisition transforms EOG into a leading Utica producer, doubling its fracking presence in the region. The move has drawn criticism from anti-fracking groups concerned about environmental impact and the use of public lands."], ["20250610", "Diana Shipping has secured a time charter agreement with Stone Shipping Ltd. for its ice-class panamax dry bulk vessel, Atalandi. The vessel, built in 2014, will be chartered for a gross rate of $9,000 per day for the first 35 days, then $10,100 per day, minus a 5% commission, until at least June 15, 2026. This charter is expected to generate approximately $3.62 million in gross revenue."], ["20250610", "CSX collaborated with Heidelberg Materials to ensure a seamless launch for their new cement plant in Mitchell, Indiana, the second largest in North America. Through proactive communication and adaptable logistics, CSX provided essential rail service from day one, allowing Heidelberg to quadruple production and successfully ship materials immediately. This partnership highlights the importance of reliable logistics support for long-term growth and is leading to further rail conversion projects."], ["20250610", "Cameco stock rose by 10.7% after analysts increased price targets due to higher earnings potential at Westinghouse, a company Cameco co-owns. This surge is attributed to Westinghouse's participation in building two nuclear reactors in the Czech Republic and the growing demand for nuclear energy. Retail sentiment for CCJ is \"extremely bullish,\" and the stock has gained 30.5% this year."], ["20250610", "Atlas Energy Solutions Inc. (NYSE: AESI) announced it will release its second quarter 2025 earnings after market close on Monday, August 4, 2025. The company will host a conference call on Tuesday, August 5, 2025, at 9:00 AM Central Time to discuss these financial and operational results. A live webcast of the call will be available on Atlas's investor relations website."], ["20250610", "Ferrari stock (RACE) has seen significant gains, up 13% in 2025 and over 180% in three years, benefiting from a strong brand and pricing power. The company exceeded Q1 expectations for the 19th consecutive quarter, showing double-digit growth in key metrics, and has a full order book for 2025 with strong demand for its supercar models, including upcoming electric vehicles. Despite a premium valuation, its P/E is below its decade-long high, and strong EPS revisions and a \"Strong Buy\" Zacks Rank suggest potential for further upside."], ["20250610", "Corporate India expects robust hiring for July-September 2025, driven by strong employer confidence in IT, energy, and financial sectors. The Net Employment Outlook stands at 42%, ranking second globally after the UAE, and marks a significant year-on-year increase. Despite global trade headwinds, companies are increasing investment in automation and adapting their workforce strategies to meet new skill demands, with Energy & Utilities, IT, and Financial Services showing the strongest outlooks."], ["20250610", "NRG Energy Inc. is experiencing a stock decline of -4.1% today, attributed to investor concerns after Elliott Management's departure and ongoing market volatility. Despite recent strategic acquisitions leading to share price surges, the company's financial snapshot reveals a solid revenue base and strong five-year growth, yet faces challenges with a negative EBIT margin and complex financial ratios. The article, while analyzing these market dynamics, emphasizes the importance for traders to conduct thorough analysis rather than speculate on price movements."], ["20250610", "The US Secretary of the Interior, Doug Burgum, has publicly endorsed Dateline Resources' Colosseum mine project in California, aiming to establish America's second rare earth mine. This support highlights the mine's crucial role in reducing US dependence on foreign sources for rare earth elements, which are vital for advanced technologies and national security. The project, located near the existing Mountain Pass mine, is seen as a pivotal step in strengthening the domestic critical minerals supply chain."], ["20250610", "Gran Tierra Energy Inc. is selling its wholly-owned subsidiary, Gran Tierra North Sea Limited (GTNSL), which holds a 100 percent equity interest in UKCS license P2358, to NEO Energy for $7.5 million. The completion of this transaction is anticipated in the third quarter and is subject to customary conditions. This announcement follows Gran Tierra's reported first-quarter results, which showed a 14 percent increase in production and successful exploration and development activities in Ecuador and Colombia."], ["20250610", "Exxon Mobil Corporation announced that Senior Vice President Jack Williams will deliver a fireside chat at the JP Morgan Energy, Power, Renewables & Mining Conference on June 24, 2025, in New York. A live webcast will be available, with an archived audio portion accessible afterwards on the ExxonMobil website. The company also reiterates its commitment to reducing greenhouse gas emissions and achieving net-zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions from operated assets by 2050."], ["20250610", "General Motors announced plans to invest $4 billion over two years into its U.S. manufacturing plants to boost production of both gasoline and electric vehicles, aiming to assemble over two million vehicles annually. This investment includes expanding production at plants in Michigan, Kansas, and Tennessee for popular models like the Chevrolet Equinox and Blazer, alongside EV production. GM also reaffirmed its capital spending guidance, reflecting increased U.S. investment and continued market share gains in both ICE and EV segments."], ["20250609", "The Ohio Power Siting Board (OPSB) has approved the construction of the Socrates South Power Generation Project, a 200 MW natural gas-fired power plant in New Albany, Ohio. This facility, backed by Williams Companies, will supply power to a Meta-affiliated data center and operate off-grid. Natural gas will be sourced from two future 24-inch pipelines."], ["20250609", "Transportadora Gas del Sur (TGS) has fully reactivated its General Cerri Industrial Complex after three months of being incapacitated by severe floods in Bah\u00eda Blanca. The plant, crucial for Argentina's gas system, processes natural gas liquids like ethane, propane, and butane. Despite the significant damage, TGS maintained continuous gas supply through extraordinary operational measures."], ["20250609", "This Q&A discusses the increasing importance of oil and gas decommissioning, with a focus on well plug and abandonment (P&A). Redha Kelkouli, SLB's Integrated Production Solutions Director, highlights the challenges of cost and operational complexity, and emphasizes the crucial role of technology, such as AI for planning and dual-string barrier evaluation, alongside strategic partnerships to achieve cost-effective, safe, and environmentally compliant decommissioning operations."], ["20250609", "XCF Global, a company focused on decarbonizing the aviation industry through Synthetic Aviation Fuel (SAF), has begun trading its Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol \"SAFX.\" This follows their business combination with Focus Impact BH3 Acquisition Company. CEO Mihir Dange stated that the public listing will help accelerate the development and expansion of their SAF platform to meet the growing demand for low-carbon aviation solutions."], ["20250609", "Collins Aerospace, an RTX business, has expanded its aircraft electrification capabilities by opening a new engineering center of excellence in Wolverhampton, UK, and an electric thrust reverser actuation systems (elecTRAS\u2122) production line in Colomiers, France. The Wolverhampton center will develop next-generation electric thrust reverser systems, while the Colomiers facility will handle final assembly, aiming to improve fuel efficiency and operational performance by reducing aircraft system weight. This expansion leverages Collins' existing expertise and in-service experience with the Airbus A350 family to deliver innovative solutions for future aircraft platforms."], ["20250609", "POSCO Holdings has launched the Australia Critical Minerals R&D Lab in Perth, Western Australia, marking the first time a Korean company has established a resource research institute directly at a raw material mining site. This initiative aims to secure technological competitiveness in critical minerals for steel and battery sectors, emphasizing localized research and collaboration with Australian companies and institutions. The lab will focus on economical low-carbon steel raw material utilization and cost reduction in lithium and nickel, positioning itself as a strategic hub for resource processing technology and critical mineral acquisition."], ["20250609", "NorthWestern Energy is seeking a rate increase in Montana, arguing that investments in infrastructure and power procurement justify the higher costs. The Montana Public Service Commission is holding hearings on the proposal, which would raise typical residential electric bills by $4.63 a month and natural gas bills by $4.74 a month. Key disagreements revolve around cost recovery for the Yellowstone County Generating Station and funds for open market power purchases."], ["20250609", "Transportadora de Gas del Sur (TGS) has announced new tariff schedules, effective from June 6, 2025, in compliance with Resolution 350/2025. Additionally, tariffs for Gas Link S.A. will also be updated on the same date, following Resolution 357/2025. The article also lists various other future tariff updates for both companies from December 2025 through February 2026."], ["20250609", "LSB Industries, in partnership with Lapis Carbon Solutions, is progressing with a carbon capture and sequestration (CCS) project at its El Dorado, Arkansas facility. Lapis Carbon Solutions will fully fund the project, which aims to capture over 400,000 metric tons of CO2 annually once operational in 2026 or 2027. This initiative will be Arkansas's first carbon capture system and the third in the nation for ammonia production, injecting liquified CO2 into deep saline reservoirs to prevent its release into the atmosphere."], ["20250609", "Greek bulker owner Diana Shipping has signed a time charter contract with Stone Shipping for its panamax vessel, Atalandi. The charter is expected to generate approximately $3.62 million in gross revenue and will run until at least June 15, 2026, with a maximum of August 15, 2026. Diana Shipping's diverse fleet includes various dry bulk vessels and they anticipate adding two methanol dual-fuel newbuilding kamsarmax bulkers by 2028."], ["20250609", "BRP Inc. announced that President and CEO, Jos\u00e9 Boisjoli, will retire by the end of the fiscal year after 22 years at the helm and will also step down as Chair of the Board. Boisjoli led BRP's significant growth from a Bombardier spin-off to a global Powersports OEM, tripling revenue and expanding its product portfolio. A succession plan is underway, with Boisjoli continuing to lead until his successor is appointed."], ["20250609", "Baker Hughes has agreed to sell its Precision Sensors & Instrumentation (PSI) product line, including the Druck, Panametrics, and Reuter-Stokes brands, to Crane Company for approximately $1.15 billion. This divestiture is part of Baker Hughes' strategy to focus on its Industrial & Energy Technology core competencies and reallocate capital towards higher-return opportunities. The transaction, subject to regulatory approvals, is expected to close in late 2025 or early 2026."], ["20250609", "Canadian Natural Resources Ltd. (CNQ-T) is appealing a $278,000 fine levied by the Alberta Energy Regulator for environmental infractions that led to the deaths of birds and endangered predators in a tailings pond. The company argues the regulator misinterpreted legislation and that the fine, which it seeks to reduce by over 80 percent, is excessive. The incident stems from CNRL's alleged failure to prevent wildlife contact with toxic tailings after an island formed in a pond at its Horizon oil sands site, becoming a nesting site for birds and attracting predators."], ["20250609", "Chunghwa Telecom has secured Taiwan's first commercial license to operate low-Earth orbit (LEO) satellite services using Eutelsat OneWeb technology, a significant step for the country's network resilience. The company aims to provide satellite-based services to government agencies and various industries, planning to establish a satellite service terminal testing center in Taiwan. This initiative is part of a broader strategy to enhance communications resilience, including investments in high- and low-orbit satellite systems and discussions with other global satellite providers like Amazon's Kuiper and Canada's Telesat."], ["20250609", "Akrare Petroleum Benin SA, a subsidiary of Lime Petroleum Holding, is set to begin drilling in the Seme Field offshore Benin in early July 2025. The operation will involve drilling an appraisal well followed by two production wells, with completion aimed for October 2025. Production is expected to start in October 2025 at approximately 16,000 barrels of oil per day."], ["20250609", "Carrier Global Corporation announced a new brand identity, purpose statement, and tagline, \"For the World We Share,\" reflecting its strategic transformation into a customer-driven company focused on sustainable growth, innovation, and global impact. This evolution includes a modernized visual identity and an advertising campaign highlighting its intelligent climate and energy solutions. The changes aim to reinforce Carrier's commitment to enhancing lives and shaping a more sustainable future."], ["20250609", "Alaska Air Group has released its 2024 Corporate Impact Report, highlighting the collective efforts of its over 30,000 employees in advancing its commitment to sustainable and positive global impact. The report details progress and learnings as the company continues to responsibly steward its corporate impact, aiming to be a positive force in the communities it serves while growing. This annual report showcases how Alaska Airlines, Hawaiian Airlines, Horizon Air, and McGee Air Services are building a more sustainable future."], ["20250609", "Teekay Corporation (NYSE: TK) and Teekay Tankers Ltd. (NYSE: TNK), together known as the Teekay Group, announced the publication of their 2024 Sustainability Report. The report is accessible on the Teekay Group\u2019s website. Both companies are prominent in international crude oil marine transportation and services."], ["20250609", "BETA Technologies achieved a historic milestone as its all-electric ALIA aircraft became the first to transport passengers to a commercial airport. The 45-minute flight from East Hampton to JFK International, piloted by founder Kyle Clark with four passengers onboard, utilized only $8 worth of electricity. This zero-emission journey marks a significant step forward for sustainable aviation."], ["20250609", "Plug Power CFO Paul Middleton purchased an additional 650,000 shares of Plug Power common stock on the open market, investing at an average price of $1.0339 per share. This latest acquisition, following a previous purchase, signifies Middleton's strong belief in the company's long-term strategy, financial trajectory, and leadership in the green hydrogen economy. He emphasized Plug's operational progress, including the ramp-up of hydrogen production and commercialization of electrolyzers, as key drivers for this investment."], ["20250609", "Edison International (NYSE: EIX) stock has fallen to a new 52-week low of $49.01, marking a 33.36% decline over the past year due to regulatory hurdles and economic headwinds in the energy sector. Despite the downturn, InvestingPro data suggests the stock is undervalued with an attractive P/E ratio of 7.1x and a 6.2% dividend yield maintained for 22 consecutive years. The company is actively focusing on infrastructure improvements and regulatory engagement, reaffirming its long-term EPS growth expectation of 5-7% from 2025 to 2028, amidst ongoing wildfire risks and recent earnings misses."], ["20250609", "The article highlights three nuclear ETFs\u2014Sprott Uranium Miners ETF (URNM), Global X Uranium ETF (URA), and Range Nuclear Renaissance Index ETF (NUKZ)\u2014that are gaining traction due to recent U.S. policy shifts signaling a boost in domestic nuclear energy. These ETFs offer diversified exposure to the nuclear industry, from uranium mining to advanced reactor technologies, benefiting from new executive orders aimed at facilitating nuclear plant construction and uranium mining. Each ETF has distinct characteristics in terms of holdings, performance, and expense ratios, providing various options for investors seeking to capitalize on the nuclear energy surge."], ["20250609", "U.S. electricity demand is projected to increase by 25% by 2030 and 78% by 2050 from 2023 levels, a significant rise largely driven by the rapid growth of data centers. Peak electricity demand is also expected to grow by 14% by 2030 and 54% through 2050. These new projections represent a dramatic increase compared to historical growth and even recent earlier forecasts, necessitating updated insights and recommendations for grid stakeholders."], ["20250608", "Skyward Specialty has launched a new aviation underwriting unit by acquiring assets from Acceleration Aviation Underwriters, a company with which it previously partnered. This acquisition allows Skyward to formalize and expand its presence in the aviation insurance market, particularly focusing on smaller, overlooked aviation risks. The company plans to leverage its technology and analytics to scale this new business segment."], ["20250608", "Freight rail service has been restored to Asheville and Western North Carolina for the first time since Hurricane Helene caused significant damage in September 2024. Norfolk Southern worked for six months to repair 128 locations and 13 miles of track, including rebuilding the Pigeon River rail bridge. This restoration is expected to significantly boost local businesses and the region's economic recovery."], ["20250608", "Allegiant Air has announced five new domestic routes that will commence later this summer and fall, connecting secondary and tertiary cities to popular vacation destinations like Alabama and Florida beaches, and the Smoky Mountains. These routes are unique to Allegiant, leveraging its ultra-low-cost point-to-point model, and include an intrastate Tennessee route that hasn't been flown in over a decade. Introductory fares for these new flights start as low as $39 each way."], ["20250608", "Carl Icahn's investment portfolio is highly concentrated, with his top five positions accounting for 87.54% of its total value. His largest holding is Icahn Enterprises LP (IEP), which alone makes up over half of his portfolio. Other significant holdings include CVR Energy Inc (CVI), Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX), CVR Partners LP (UAN), and Intl Flavors & Fragrances (IFF), reflecting a strategic mix of activist investments and bets on the energy and commodity sectors."], ["20250606", "Richard Fain, a highly influential figure in the cruise industry and longtime chairman of Royal Caribbean Group, will step down from his role in the fourth quarter of 2025. He will remain on the Board of Directors, and current President and CEO Jason Liberty will succeed him as Chairman, holding both positions. John Brock has also been appointed as Independent Lead Director."], ["20250606", "Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP has initiated an investigation into Proficient Auto Logistics, Inc. (NASDAQ: PAL) for potential U.S. federal securities law violations. The firm is examining whether Proficient Auto and its executives made false or misleading statements and failed to disclose material information to investors. This investigation follows a reported 0.4% year-over-year decrease in total operating revenue and a $2.4 million operating loss in Q1 2025, which led to a drop in the company's stock price."], ["20250606", "Linde plc, a supplier to SpaceX, is planning a $100 million expansion in Brownsville, Texas, to build a new facility. This investment is expected to create over 90 jobs in the Rio Grande Valley. The expansion highlights the continued economic benefit that SpaceX's presence brings to the region."], ["20250606", "Believ, an EV charge point operator, has secured \u00a3300 million in funding from joint owners Liberty Global and Zouk Capital, along with four banks. This investment will enable the installation of at least 30,000 public EV charge points across the UK, significantly boosting the country's EV charging infrastructure. The initiative aims to support the government's target of 300,000 public charge points by 2030, improve air quality, and cut transport carbon emissions."], ["20250606", "ORIX Corporation acquired Santoku Senpaku in February 2024, aiming to make it a central pillar of its shipping business and a global leader in ship ownership and management. Santoku Senpaku, founded in 1972, operates a diversified fleet of approximately 100 vessels and offers 'manning services,' with its resilience and expertise now bolstered by ORIX's financial foundation and management resources. The partnership seeks to leverage Santoku's capabilities for future growth in an evolving industry, including investments in next-generation fuels and efficient asset management."], ["20250606", "Honeywell, Samsung E&A, Johnson Matthey, and Gidara Energy have formed the SAF Technology Alliance to develop an integrated solution for sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) production. The alliance aims to streamline the process from waste feedstock to final SAF product, reducing the time from feasibility study to facility startup by 15% and capital expenditures by 10%. Their focus will be on scaling gasification and the Fischer-Tropsch process to enable the use of biomass and municipal solid waste as feedstocks for SAF production."], ["20250606", "Two Oregon-based green energy companies, ESS and Powin, are facing significant financial challenges. ESS secured last-minute emergency funding to avoid closing its Wilsonville factory, while Powin announced it would lay off 250 employees and possibly more if business conditions do not improve. These struggles highlight the volatile economic and regulatory environment impacting the clean energy sector."], ["20250606", "The US Department of Energy has rescinded a US$375 million grant to Eastman for a planned molecular recycling facility in Texas. This withdrawal casts doubt on Eastman's efforts to expand sustainable plastics recycling in North America, particularly for hard-to-recycle plastic waste from beauty and personal care packaging. The funding cut is a setback for the beauty and personal care industry's push for circularity and sustainable packaging solutions."], ["20250606", "Electra Battery Materials Corp. has completed a feasibility engineering study for a modular battery recycling facility to be built next to its cobalt sulfate refinery north of Toronto. The facility will recover critical minerals like lithium, nickel, cobalt, manganese, and graphite from lithium-ion battery scrap and end-of-life batteries using a proprietary hydrometallurgical process. This initiative aims to create a closed-loop, domestically sourced battery materials supply chain in North America, with strong integration of cobalt recovery for its refinery and partnerships for black mass feedstock."], ["20250606", "Blink Charging Co. has appointed Michael Bercovich as its new permanent CFO, continuing a leadership shakeup amidst financial challenges. This hire follows an interim appointment of a restructuring expert, indicating the company's efforts to stabilize its financial position. The move comes as Blink Charging faces declining revenues and stock price within a turbulent electric vehicle market."], ["20250606", "Fontaine Modification is leading a consortium to develop a Class 6 fuel cell truck for \"middle mile\" delivery logistics, targeting operations between warehouses or distribution centers. The project, involving Ballard Power Systems, Forsee Power, and Linamar, aims to complete a pilot unit this summer with potential full production by late 2026 if field trials are successful. This initiative showcases new zero-emission technologies and emphasizes cost savings and improved driver experience through features like low maintenance and regenerative braking."], ["20250606", "Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (AQN-T) is attempting a turnaround by shedding renewable assets and focusing on its utility business, aiming for better-than-expected profit growth through 2027. Despite a recent 26% stock rally, the company, under new CEO Rod West, faces pressure to deliver on its promises to become a \"premium\" utility through capital expenditures, operating expense cuts, and increased profitability. While the turnaround is attractive, the article cautions that much of this potential rebound might already be priced into the stock."], ["20250606", "Argan Inc. (AGX) reported Q1 earnings that surpassed expectations, leading to an 8% increase in its share price. The company maintains a strong financial position with no debt and a record backlog of $2 billion, demonstrating efficient operations. While the company's balance sheet is impressive, its reliance on natural gas projects could pose risks during an economic downturn."], ["20250606", "American Airlines has launched new service from Miami International Airport (MIA) to Rome (FCO), marking its fifth European destination from MIA. This launch coincides with the airline's largest summer schedule ever at MIA, which includes more than 37,200 flights between May 16 and September 2, and increased service to other popular destinations. Miami-Dade County officials and American Airlines celebrated this expansion, emphasizing its positive impact on the community and MIA's global standing."], ["20250606", "Morgan Stanley upgraded MP Materials (MP) to 'Overweight' and raised its price target, citing the company's strategic value in managing the critical rare earth minerals supply chain. The brokerage firm highlighted geopolitical tensions, growing demand for robotics, and MP Materials' focus on building a fully integrated rare earth-to-magnet supply chain in the U.S. as key growth drivers. Retail traders expressed extreme bullishness on the stock following the upgrade, with one user predicting the stock to breach $30 soon."], ["20250606", "VenHub Global, Inc. has launched its first 24/7 AI-powered Smart Store at the LAX/Metro Transit Center, aiming to revolutionize retail for travelers and commuters. This initiative, launched ahead of major global events in Los Angeles, provides secure, frictionless, and fully automated shopping. The partnership with LA Metro signifies a step towards smarter urban infrastructure, with plans for further expansion across Southern California and beyond, offering round-the-clock convenience without staff."], ["20250606", "FuelCell Energy announced a 22% workforce reduction as part of a global restructuring plan aimed at cutting operating expenses by 30%. This follows a previous restructuring in November and is intended to protect the company's position amidst slower-than-expected clean energy investments. Shares surged nearly 40% despite the company reporting a higher-than-expected adjusted core loss for the recent quarter."], ["20250606", "Ryanair announced strong traffic figures for May 2025, carrying 19.6 million passengers, a four percent increase year-on-year. The airline maintained a high load factor of 95 percent despite this growth, operating over 107,000 flights. This positive performance continues to solidify Ryanair's position as Europe's largest airline and bodes well for the upcoming summer season."], ["20250606", "Shares of Mexican airport operator ASUR fell to their lowest level in over a month after the company reported a 2.2% year-on-year decline in total passenger traffic for May, affecting both national and international routes. The decrease was particularly pronounced at its key Cancun airport, where traffic dropped by 4.2%. Analysts suggest that factors such as moderating tourism demand, global macroeconomic conditions, and increased travel costs could be contributing to the reduced passenger numbers."], ["20250606", "FuelCell Energy significantly increased revenue by 67% to $37.4 million in Q2 fiscal 2025, driven by product and service agreements, though gross loss also rose. The company announced a restructuring plan to cut operating expenses by 30%, including a 22% workforce reduction, to accelerate profitability and refocus on carbonate-based distributed generation solutions. Despite a net loss, the backlog grew to $1.26 billion, and the company is strategically targeting growth in data center and microgrid applications."], ["20250606", "Energy Vault and Jupiter Power are collaborating to install another 100-MW battery energy storage system. This project is in the US & Canada region and falls under the energy storage sector. The article details this development within the broader context of renewable energy news and market trends."], ["20250606", "The First Trust Nasdaq Transportation ETF (FTXR) tracks a transportation-themed index with a significant allocation to auto stocks, including notable holdings like Tesla, Ford, and General Motors. Despite a history of underperformance compared to competitor ETFs, the fund underwent a strategy adjustment in March 2023. The author has assigned FTXR a \"hold\" rating, citing concerns about potential high volatility and low growth, despite an attractive forward P/E."], ["20250605", "Xcel Energy released its 20th annual Sustainability Report, highlighting its role in powering new economic sectors like data centers and EV charging, while also significantly reducing carbon emissions. The company has achieved a 57% reduction in carbon emissions since 2005 and is working towards 100% carbon-free electricity by 2050, emphasizing reliability, affordability, and economic development in the communities it serves."], ["20250605", "Vermilion Energy Inc. has exited the U.S. energy sector by selling its remaining U.S. assets, primarily oil and gas holdings in Wyoming, for $120 million. This strategic move aims to reduce debt and focus the company's investments on scalable, gas-weighted assets in Western Canada, Europe, and Australia. The sale is part of Vermilion's ongoing effort to rebalance its operational focus towards longer-life cycle assets."], ["20250605", "A mining company plans to transport antimony ore from Alaska to Montana for processing as early as September, capitalizing on the soaring price of antimony due to Chinese export restrictions and increased demand from global conflicts. This development, alongside another Australian company's efforts to reopen an antimony mine near Fairbanks, highlights the growing interest in Alaska's mineral resources. The author argues that Alaska's mining tax laws, established before statehood, need updating to ensure Alaskans benefit from these nonrenewable resources rather than primarily enriching foreign investors."], ["20250605", "Taseko Mines Limited, the Tsilhqot\u2019in Nation, and the Province of British Columbia signed a historic tripartite agreement to resolve a long-standing dispute over the New Prosperity mineral tenures in the Teztan Biny area. This agreement ensures that any future mineral exploration or mine development in the area will require the free, prior, and informed consent of the Tsilhqot\u2019in Nation. Leaders from all parties expressed satisfaction, highlighting the resolution's importance for reconciliation and the protection of the Nation's cultural and spiritual heritage."], ["20250605", "Qualcomm Technologies has acquired Autotalks, a leading provider of vehicle-to-everything (V2X) communication solutions, to enhance its Snapdragon Digital Chassis product portfolio. This acquisition aims to advance road safety and optimize traffic efficiency by integrating Autotalks' production-ready V2X technologies, which are compatible with both DSRC and C-V2X standards. The move reinforces Qualcomm's commitment to enabling direct communication between vehicles and their surroundings for next-generation automotive safety systems."], ["20250605", "LI AUTO INC - ADR (NASDAQ:LI) is highlighted as an undervalued EV stock due to solid fundamentals, including attractive valuation metrics compared to peers, strong profitability with high margins, and robust revenue growth. While the company maintains stable financial health, investors should monitor share dilution and Altman-Z Score. Overall, LI presents a compelling investment case for value investors in the electric vehicle market."], ["20250605", "J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (NASDAQ: JBHT) announced that its Chief Operating Officer, Nick Hobbs, and Executive Vice President of Dedicated Contract Services, Brad Hicks, will present at the 2025 Wells Fargo Industrials & Materials Conference. The presentation is scheduled for June 10, 2025, at 2:15 PM CDT in Chicago, IL, and will be accessible via live webcast and replays on the company's Investor Relations website. J.B. Hunt stresses that information presented may contain forward-looking statements subject to risks and uncertainties."], ["20250605", "Jacobs announced the launch of its updated sustainability approach, PlanBeyond 2025+. This new strategy, aligning with their \"Challenge Accepted\" growth strategy, is the third iteration since 2019 and focuses on transparency, measurable outcomes, and being a trusted solutions provider. PlanBeyond 2025+ addresses complex environmental, social, and economic challenges through bold thinking, strategic innovation, and cross-disciplinary collaboration, impacting both internal operations and client solutions."], ["20250605", "Honeywell, Johnson Matthey, GIDARA Energy, and SAMSUNG E&A have formed a strategic technology alliance to provide an end-to-end solution for producing Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) from biomass and municipal waste. This collaboration aims to streamline the SAF production chain, reduce project timelines by over 15%, and cut capital expenditures by 5-10% through an integrated and modular approach. The alliance will leverage each company's specialized expertise to scale up the use of gasification and Fischer-Tropsch (FT) SAF production methods, addressing global demand and feedstock diversity challenges."], ["20250605", "Eric Slifka, President and CEO of Global Partners, has been appointed chairman of the board, succeeding his late uncle Richard Slifka. The company also appointed Thomas Jalkut as vice chairman. These leadership changes follow a strong first quarter for Global Partners, with over a 60% increase in EBITDA, and the company is now exploring potential acquisitions."], ["20250605", "FTAI Aviation Ltd. has closed its acquisition of a 50% ownership stake in IAG Engine Center Europe S.r.l., rebranding it QuickTurn Europe. This joint venture significantly increases FTAI's global maintenance capacity for CFM56 engines by 33%, adding a third engine shop to its network. QuickTurn Europe, located at Rome Fiumicino Airport, will expand maintenance, repair, and exchange services, aiming to ramp up production and create new jobs."], ["20250605", "Ecopetrol S.A. announced it has executed an asset purchase agreement with Statkraft European Wind and Solar Holding, AS to potentially acquire a portfolio of solar and wind projects in Colombia, totaling up to 1.3 GW. This acquisition, which includes six solar projects (614 MW) and three wind projects (750 MW), is subject to specific conditions. If completed, it would significantly advance Ecopetrol's decarbonization and energy transition goals outlined in its 2040 Strategy, aiming to incorporate 900 MW of renewable self-generation capacity by 2025."], ["20250605", "PlusAI, a physical AI company specializing in virtual driver software for autonomous trucks, is set to go public through a merger with Churchill Capital Corp IX. This move is expected to raise up to $300 million to support PlusAI's planned commercial launch of SuperDrive-enabled autonomous trucks in 2027. The company's strategy involves deep integration with leading global commercial vehicle manufacturers like Traton Group, Hyundai, and Iveco, leveraging an OEM-led model for scalable deployment."], ["20250605", "Babcock & Wilcox (B&W) announced an agreement to sell its Diamond Power International business to Austria-based ANDRITZ for $177 million. This sale, expected to close within 30 days, is described as transformational for B&W, reinforcing its balance sheet and positioning it for growth in its core parts, services, and construction businesses, particularly in response to increasing industrial, utility, and data center power demands. The company plans to leverage its strengthened capital to pursue new projects and advance its BrightLoop\u2122 technologies for steam and hydrogen production."], ["20250605", "Blink Charging Co. has appointed Michael Bercovich as its new Chief Financial Officer, effective June 23, 2025. Bercovich brings over 20 years of finance leadership experience, having held CFO roles at several global companies and raised over $250 million in capital. He succeeds Michael Rama and will focus on advancing Blink's financial strategy, growth, and market impact in the EV charging sector."], ["20250605", "Wells Fargo analyst Neil Kalton reiterated a Hold rating on Algonquin Power & Utilities (AQN) with a price target of $6.00. This comes as the company's shares closed at $6.22, and the broader analyst consensus also suggests a Hold with a projected downside. National Bank recently downgraded the stock to a Hold, indicating a cautious outlook from multiple firms."], ["20250605", "World Kinect Corporation (NYSE: WKC) has announced an 18% increase in its quarterly cash dividend to $0.20 per share, payable on July 16, 2025. This decision reflects the company's commitment to maximizing shareholder value, having returned nearly $500 million to shareholders over the past five years through dividends and share repurchases. World Kinect is a global energy management company serving aviation, marine, and land-based transportation sectors."], ["20250605", "Consumers Energy is in negotiations to sell its fleet of 13 hydroelectric dams, citing high operating costs. The utility is seeking a buyer who will continue to operate the dams, with Consumers purchasing the power through a long-term agreement. The sale faces scrutiny from both residents concerned about community impacts and conservation groups advocating for dam removal or continued regulated utility ownership."], ["20250605", "Lucid Group, Inc. announced the election of Douglas Grimm to its board of directors, effective immediately. Grimm brings extensive automotive experience from executive positions at Chrysler Corporation, Metaldyne, Dana, and Visteon, and currently serves as CEO of V-to-X, LLC. His leadership in automotive and manufacturing sectors is expected to be a valuable asset to Lucid's board."], ["20250605", "Energy Services of America (ESOA) announced that President Doug Reynolds and CFO Charles Crimmel will present at the East Coast IDEAS Investor Conference in New York, NY on June 11, 2025, at 8:35 AM ET. The presentation will be available via webcast. This news led to a 7.09% positive market reaction for ESOA stock on the day of publication."], ["20250605", "CBL International Limited (NASDAQ: BANL) released an update for May 2025, highlighting significant growth and diversification. The company saw a 38% surge in sales volume in 2024, expanded into bulk and tanker businesses, and increased non-container liner customers. Furthermore, biofuel sales volume and sales surged over 600% year-on-year, with the company expanding its biofuel supply network to major ports worldwide, including Singapore."], ["20250605", "Ormat Technologies has announced significant executive appointments to drive its growth and operational excellence. Aron Willis is appointed Executive Vice President, Electricity Segment, bringing over 25 years of power generation experience. Daniel Moelk joins as Senior Vice President, Resources, Drilling & EGS, with nearly 18 years of geothermal industry expertise, focusing on efficiency and innovative technologies."], ["20250605", "ONEOK Inc. has finalized its acquisition of the remaining 49.9% interest in the Delaware Basin JV pipeline system from NGP XI Midstream Holdings for $940 million. This transaction, completed on May 28, 2025, grants ONEOK full control of the natural gas gathering pipelines and processing facilities, which boast a daily capacity of over 700 million cubic feet. The acquisition integrates the Delaware Basin JV's infrastructure into ONEOK's existing 60,000-mile network, further solidifying its presence in the region."], ["20250605", "Plug Power, a green hydrogen technology firm, is seeking shareholder approval for either a reverse stock split or share dilution. The company acknowledges the difficulty in securing majority support from its shareholders, especially amidst social media backlash. This move comes as the company navigates financial challenges and aims to stabilize its position."], ["20250605", "Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc. has seen its stock rise by 39.7%, driven by strong Q1 2025 financial results ($181.2M revenue), strategic asset sales, and efforts in BrightLoop hydrogen production and carbon capture. The company has also reduced its Senior Notes, enhancing liquidity and lowering interest expenses. This performance highlights B&W's strategic adaptability and prudent financial management amid market optimism."], ["20250605", "Consumers Energy, one of Michigan's largest utility companies, is seeking a significant electric rate hike of 10.25%, or $436 million, citing the need for increased grid reliability, risk mitigation, and technology investments. This request comes less than three months after a previously approved rate hike, prompting Michigan Attorney General Dana Nessel to intervene, expressing concern over continuously increasing rates and promising a thorough scrutiny of the request to protect ratepayers. Nessel stated this could be Consumers Energy's largest rate hike request ever."], ["20250605", "Generac Holdings Inc. has promoted Jim Barnes to Executive Vice President \u2013 Global Supply Chain, following the retirement of Roger Pascavis. Barnes, who joined Generac in 2022, will now also lead Strategic Global Sourcing and Controls & Automation efforts. Pascavis served the company for 30 years and played a crucial role in shaping its global supply chain strategy."], ["20250605", "Vermilion Energy announced its exit from the U.S. market by selling its U.S. assets for US$87.88 million. The company plans to use the proceeds to reduce debt and strengthen its balance sheet, expecting to end 2025 with $1.3 billion in net debt. This move will allow Vermilion to concentrate on its core gas-weighted assets in Canada and Europe, while also raising its current year production forecast."], ["20250605", "Electra Battery Materials Corporation has completed a feasibility study for a modular battery recycling facility adjacent to its cobalt sulfate refinery north of Toronto. This facility will recover critical minerals like lithium, nickel, cobalt, manganese, and graphite from battery scrap and end-of-life batteries using Electra\u2019s proprietary hydrometallurgical process. The project aims to create a closed-loop, domestically sourced battery materials supply chain, enhance North America\u2019s energy security, and integrate with Electra's existing cobalt refining operations and a joint venture with Aki Battery Recycling."], ["20250605", "Self-driving truck startup Plus Automation announced it will go public in the U.S. through a merger with Churchill Capital Corp IX in a SPAC deal valued at $1.2 billion. The transaction is expected to provide Plus with $300 million in gross proceeds, which the company intends to use to support the commercial launch of its autonomous trucks by 2027. The combined entity will operate under the name PlusAI."], ["20250605", "Vale, Cummins, and Komatsu are advancing their joint Dual Fuel Program to develop a large truck engine powered by both ethanol and diesel for surface mining haul trucks. Cummins has successfully commissioned a new ethanol fuel test cell, aiming to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in mining by enabling up to 70% ethanol use, potentially lowering CO2 emissions by up to 70%. Field trials are expected to begin in 2026 after extensive engine testing."], ["20250605", "Williams Cos. is making a third attempt to revive the construction of two natural gas pipelines into New England, despite previous rejections. The company, through its Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line subsidiary, has applied to FERC for reissuance of permission for the Northeast Supply Enhancement project. This effort is reportedly spurred by recent Trump administration actions, though it has already drawn renewed opposition from environmental groups."], ["20250605", "Ballard Power Systems announced a new supply agreement with Sierra Northern Railway for 1.5 MW of fuel cell engines, expected to be delivered in 2025. This deal involves supplying 12 FCmove\u00ae-XD engines to convert three diesel switching locomotives to hydrogen-fueled, zero-emission models, supporting Sierra Northern Railway's decarbonization efforts in California. The partnership highlights the role of fuel cell technology in advancing sustainable rail solutions and reducing greenhouse gas emissions in the transportation sector."], ["20250605", "Plus Automation (PlusAI), a physical AI company specializing in virtual driver software for autonomous trucks, announced its intention to go public through a merger with Churchill Capital, a special purpose acquisition company. The combined entity will operate as PlusAI, aiming to address the persistent driver shortage in the trucking industry with its advanced virtual driver platform, SuperDrive. PlusAI plans to launch SuperDrive-enabled, factory-built autonomous trucks in 2027, initially in the U.S. and then expanding into Europe, leveraging partnerships with major OEMs like Traton Group, Hyundai, and Iveco."], ["20250605", "Ballard Power Systems announced the results of its 2025 Annual General Meeting, held on June 4th. All nominated directors were re-elected, and KPMG LLP was re-appointed as the Company's auditor. Shareholders also approved the advisory vote on executive compensation."], ["20250604", "Essential Utilities, Inc. (WTRG) is presented as a dividend champion trading at a 13% discount to its fair value. The company has a strong credit rating and a substantial five-year capital spending plan, positioning it for potential 13% annual total returns through 2027. The author, a real estate investor, suggests WTRG as an attractive investment opportunity."], ["20250604", "Fasten has joined Visa's Fintech Fast Track program to launch the Fasten Rewards\u2122 Visa Card, a rewards card designed for drivers to earn points on auto-related expenses, including loan payments. This partnership will enhance customer loyalty for dealerships and offer drivers benefits such as rewards for vehicle maintenance, down payments, and cashback. The collaboration provides Fasten with access to Visa's resources, accelerating its growth and expanding its product offerings."], ["20250604", "Uranium Energy (UEC) shares surged 11.8% after Meta Platforms (META) announced a 20-year power purchase agreement with Constellation Energy (CEG) for nuclear power. This deal highlights the growing reliance of tech giants on stable, carbon-free nuclear energy to power their AI-driven data centers, potentially boosting demand and profitability for uranium miners like Uranium Energy. The market anticipates this partnership could be the start of a trend, positioning uranium stocks as a key component of future energy portfolios."], ["20250604", "TOP Ships Inc. plans to spin off two suezmax tankers into a new, independent publicly-traded company called Rubico Inc., which will be listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Rubico's initial assets will include the 2021-built suezmax tankers Eco Malibu and Eco West Coast. The transaction is pending SEC registration effectiveness and Nasdaq listing approval, with TOP Ships reserving the right to abandon the spin-off."], ["20250604", "George Mason University has partnered with NuScale Power to open the largest Energy Exploration (E2) Center\u2122 in the U.S. This center, funded by the Virginia Clean Energy Innovation Bank, features a 12-module control room simulator for NuScale's small modular reactors (SMRs), providing hands-on education for students. It aims to develop Virginia's nuclear energy workforce and foster public understanding of clean energy."], ["20250604", "Missouri is getting a significant boost in clean energy with the $500 million Kelso Solar Project, a 430-megawatt development poised to increase the state's solar capacity by nearly 50%. This project, set to be operational in late 2025, will not only provide low-cost energy but also create over 450 local jobs and generate more than $34 million for local governments. Large-scale solar initiatives like this mitigate climate change impacts, stabilize the grid, and promote energy independence, reducing reliance on fossil fuels."], ["20250604", "Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP advised Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) on its issuance of $1.25 billion in First Mortgage Bonds. This consisted of $400 million at 5.000% due 2028 and $850 million at 6.000% due 2035. PG&E, a subsidiary of PG&E Corporation, provides natural gas and electric service to approximately 16 million people across a 70,000-square-mile service area in northern and central California."], ["20250604", "Joseph Vitiritto, the outgoing CEO of PAMT, will transition into a one-year consulting role for the company following his departure on June 27, earning $8,000 weekly. He resigned for family reasons, and PAMT has appointed Chairman Matthew Moroun as interim president and CEO while a permanent successor is sought. This leadership change occurs amid a significant increase in CEO turnover and a challenging financial period for PAMT, which reported an $8.1 million net loss in Q1."], ["20250604", "Old Dominion Freight Line reported a 5.8% daily revenue decrease in May, attributing it to \"economic softness\" impacting demand and volumes. The less-than-truckload (LTL) giant also saw an 8.4% decrease in LTL tons per day. This comes as the trucking industry faces challenges like tariffs and a prolonged freight recession, with rival XPO also reporting negative tonnage figures and Yellow Corp. continuing to liquidate assets."], ["20250604", "NIO Inc. reported a 21.5% year-on-year increase in total revenue for Q1 2025, reaching RMB12,034.7 million (US$1,658.4 million), despite a 38.9% decline from the previous quarter. Vehicle deliveries rose 40.1% YoY to 42,094 units. The company projects vehicle deliveries of 72,000 to 75,000 units and total revenue between RMB19,513 million and RMB20,068 million for Q2 2025."], ["20250604", "NOVAGOLD Resources Inc. and Paulson Advisers LLC have finalized a $1 billion acquisition of Barrick Mining Corporation\u2019s 50% stake in the Donlin Gold project. This deal increases NOVAGOLD's stake to 60% and gives both companies equal governance rights. The announcement was made during the Alaska Sustainable Energy Conference, highlighting the project's strategic value and positioning Donlin Gold to become a cornerstone of future US gold production."], ["20250604", "Kosmos Energy Ltd. and its partners have signed an MOU with the Government of Ghana to extend their West Cape Three Points and Deep Water Tano licenses, covering the Jubilee and TEN oil fields, through 2040. This agreement, which includes drilling up to 20 new wells and a potential investment of up to $2 billion, is expected to significantly boost gross 2P reserves. The move aims to ensure continued oil production, support economic growth, and create job opportunities for Ghanaians."], ["20250604", "The Government of Ghana, along with Tullow Oil, Kosmos Energy, PetroSA, GNPC, and Explorco, have signed an MOU to extend Ghana's West Cape Three Points and Deep Water Tano licenses until 2040. This extension, covering the Jubilee and TEN fields, is expected to bring up to $2 billion in investment for Ghana over the life of the licenses, including drilling up to 20 additional wells and increasing gas supply. The agreement aims to boost economic growth, create jobs, and ensure continued oil and gas production while focusing on sustainable energy practices."], ["20250604", "Hudbay Minerals Inc. has suspended operations at its Snow Lake mine in northern Manitoba due to ongoing wildfires and a precautionary evacuation notice for the town. The company, which had initially planned for reduced output, will keep only essential personnel on site for emergency activities. Despite the temporary shutdown, Hudbay expects to meet its annual targets for Snow Lake and has provided $1 million in financial support for employees and communities affected by the fires."], ["20250604", "Digi International has launched a new comprehensive solution for industrial infrastructure management. This solution combines the new Digi Axess mobile app with the Digi Axess VPN Service, offering 24/7 secure access, remote monitoring, mobile control, and enterprise-grade security for critical industrial systems. It is designed to assist field teams in industries like oil and gas, water, and wastewater, ensuring immediate oversight and rapid response capabilities."], ["20250604", "This article announces that Stem, Inc. (STEM) has been selected to provide its AI-driven clean energy management platform, Athena, for one of the largest solar-plus-storage projects in the United States. This engagement is with an unnamed, top-ten independent power producer and signifies a significant advancement for Stem in deploying large-scale renewable energy solutions. The project aims to enhance energy grid stability and efficiency by integrating solar power with advanced storage capabilities."], ["20250604", "TOP Ships Inc. (TOPS) is spinning off two Suezmax tanker vessels into a new Nasdaq-listed company called Rubico Inc. Shareholders will receive one Rubico share for every two TOP Ships shares held as of June 16, 2025, with the distribution expected around June 30, 2025. Rubico Inc. also plans to raise $1.5 million through a private placement at $20.00 per share concurrently with the spin-off."], ["20250604", "SES AI Corporation (NYSE: SES) announced that its Founder and CEO, Dr. Qichao Hu, will participate in a Fireside Chat at the Deutsche Bank 2025 Global Auto Industry Conference on June 12, 2025. He is expected to discuss the formal launch of the company's Molecular Universe software platform, first-quarter 2025 revenue, full-year 2025 liquidity and revenue outlook, and ongoing work in various applications like EVs and drones."], ["20250604", "PG&E Corporation (NYSE: PCG) has completed the sale of $1.25 billion in First Mortgage Bonds, structured in two tranches maturing in 2028 and 2035. This financial transaction, detailed in a recent SEC filing, aims to provide additional resources for the company's operations. The article also provides recent updates on PG&E's Q1 2025 earnings, analyst ratings, and a new board appointment."], ["20250604", "Fly-E Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: FLYE) announced the closing of its public offering, raising approximately $6.94 million in gross proceeds. The offering included 28,595,553 shares of common stock and 57,191,106 warrants, priced at $0.2428 per share. The company plans to use the net proceeds for inventory purchases, production costs, and working capital."], ["20250604", "The article highlights how the growing energy demands of artificial intelligence are transforming Appalachia, particularly Western Pennsylvania. EQT Corp. CEO Toby Rice emphasizes the massive power requirements of AI, comparing them to multiple New York Cities, and positions Appalachia's abundant natural gas as a crucial resource to meet these needs. The piece also touches on Rice's career journey and the challenges posed by opposition to natural gas infrastructure development amidst the AI revolution."], ["20250604", "Transocean Ltd (RIG) stock has been trading down by -3.13% due to market uncertainties and a projected non-cash charge of $1.10B to $1.20B for asset restructuring. BTIG lowered its price target for Transocean from $6 to $5, highlighting concerns about offshore drilling sustainability. The company faces significant financial hurdles, including a negative net income and liquidity issues, despite analysts acknowledging potential from drilling technology advancements."], ["20250604", "BETA Technologies' electric aircraft, ALIA, completed its first North American passenger flight from East Hampton to JFK, demonstrating significant advancements in quiet, affordable, and emission-free air travel. This milestone, fueled by only $8 worth of electricity, signifies a step towards transforming urban transportation in New York City, potentially enabling quiet vertiports and connecting the city by air like \"The Jetsons.\" While commercial vertical flights are anticipated within a year and full commercial service within two years, the company has already secured over $1 billion in funding and built an extensive charging network."], ["20250604", "BrightHy Solutions, a subsidiary of Fusion Fuel, has formed a strategic partnership with Sungrow Hydrogen to introduce advanced hydrogen solutions across the Iberian Peninsula. This collaboration aims to leverage their combined expertise to cater to the growing demand for clean energy in the region. The partnership signifies a significant step towards the decarbonization of industrial and energy sectors in Iberia."], ["20250604", "Tesla's sales in Britain, Germany, and Italy fell for the fifth consecutive month in May, reflecting challenges with competition and CEO Elon Musk's public image. This decline comes as the company prepares for the delivery of the new Model Y in June, which is expected to boost sales and address an aging model lineup. The sales drop contrasts with overall EV market growth in these regions, with competitors like BYD gaining significant market share."], ["20250604", "ONEOK, Inc. has acquired the remaining 49.9% interest in Delaware G&P LLC from NGP XI Midstream Holdings, L.L.C. for $940 million. This acquisition, comprising $530 million in cash and $410 million in ONEOK common stock, makes ONEOK the sole owner of the Delaware Basin JV, which manages natural gas gathering and processing facilities in West Texas and New Mexico with over 700 million cubic feet per day capacity. The transaction officially closed on May 28, 2025."], ["20250604", "Verizon Business has commercially launched its Edge Transportation Exchange, a Vehicle-to-Everything (V2X) communication platform, with several customers already on board, including Volkswagen Group of America, The Arizona Commerce Authority, Delaware Department of Transportation, and Rutgers University CAIT. This platform leverages Verizon's 5G and LTE networks and mobile edge computing to enable real-time communication between vehicles, road users, and infrastructure, aiming to improve traffic efficiency and road safety. The solution acts as an ecosystem enabler, providing a foundation for automakers, tech developers, and governments to innovate connected transportation use cases, reducing the need for costly physical roadside units through its virtual architecture."], ["20250604", "CarMax is enhancing the used electric vehicle (EV) buying experience through new tools, resources, and incentives. The company has partnered with Recurrent for battery health data and Treehouse for a $200 home charging installation credit. Additionally, CarMax launched an EV Hub for educational content and a badge on its website to identify vehicles eligible for the federal used EV tax credit."], ["20250604", "Old Dominion Freight Line reported a 5.8% decrease in revenue per day for May 2025, primarily due to an 8.4% decrease in less-than-truckload (LTL) tons per day. The company attributed these results to continued softness in the domestic economy and lower fuel prices affecting yields. Despite the challenging macroeconomic environment, Old Dominion maintains its focus on strategic execution, relying on its strong service metrics and value proposition."], ["20250604", "Evergy has requested an 8.62% rate increase for its Kansas Central customers, including those in Wichita, Manhattan, and Topeka, which would add about $13 to residential bills monthly. The proposal, totaling $196.4 million, is currently under review by the Kansas Corporation Commission (KCC). Public hearings are scheduled for June 11 in Wichita and June 16 in Topeka, allowing customers to comment on the proposed hike."], ["20250604", "Chart Industries (NYSE: GTLS) and Flowserve Corporation (NYSE: FLS) announced an all-stock merger of equals, creating a differentiated leader in industrial process technologies with an estimated enterprise value of $19 billion. The combined company generated approximately $8.8 billion in net revenue and expects to achieve $300 million in annual cost synergies within three years. This merger aims to enhance predictability, diversification, and resilience across market cycles, with a strong focus on aftermarket services and an investment-grade balance sheet."], ["20250604", "New Century Logistics (BVI) Limited officially announced its key development plan for 2025, focusing on three major initiatives. These include a strategic partnership with Soradynamics Inc. for a 'Micro-Hub System' to enhance last-mile delivery in the U.S., a memorandum of understanding with Silk Way Airlines Limited to address logistics demands in South China, and a proposed acquisition of a 51% stake in Asiatic Logistics Limited to strengthen its presence in Asia. The company aims to leverage advanced technology and strategic collaborations to optimize operational efficiency, expand market reach, and establish a comprehensive global logistics ecosystem."], ["20250604", "Chinese automotive and hospitality company Webus International has filed with the U.S. SEC outlining plans for a $300 million XRP-focused corporate treasury. This move, which follows an initial announcement in May, involves raising funds through non-equity financing or credit facilities and partnering with asset manager Samara Alpha to implement its XRP strategy. Webus also intends to integrate Ripple's blockchain network to enhance cross-border settlements and booking transparency in its services."], ["20250604", "Elbe Flugzeugwerke (EFW), the Centre of Excellence for Airbus freighter conversions, has delivered the first of three A330P2F aircraft to Air Lease Corporation. This A330-200P2F will be leased to Awesome Cargo, marking the first of its kind registered in Mexico, and is capable of both medium- and long-haul routes, including to China. This delivery also signifies the 60th wide-body freighter converted under EFW\u2019s A330P2F program."], ["20250604", "The Office of Clean Energy Demonstrations has canceled 24 funding awards, including a nearly $57.3 million award to O-I Glass for rebuilding a furnace at its Zanesville, Ohio plant. The DOE made this decision as part of an effort to evaluate financial assistance on a case-by-case basis. O-I Glass had planned to use the funding to implement energy-efficient technologies to reduce carbon intensity at the Zanesville facility."], ["20250604", "Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP advised the agents in an SEC-registered offering by National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation (CFC) of $525 million aggregate principal amount of its Floating Rate Medium-Term Notes, Series D due 2026. CFC is a member-owned, nonprofit finance cooperative association that provides financing and credit enhancements to rural electric members. The Hunton team involved in this offering included Michael F. Fitzpatrick, Adam R. O'Brian, Patrick C. Jamieson, Reuben H. Pearlman, Monika M. Dziewa, and Gabrielle Kraushaar."], ["20250604", "Lucid Group, Inc. announced a multi-year supply agreement with Graphite One for American-sourced natural graphite, further strengthening its US supply chain for critical raw materials. This agreement, following others with Syrah Resources and Graphite One for synthetic graphite, aims to utilize US-mined and produced graphite in future Lucid vehicles starting in 2028. These partnerships are part of Lucid's strategy to reduce reliance on external factors, lower carbon footprint, and power American innovation."], ["20250604", "Winston & Strawn is advising Chart Industries, Inc. in its definitive agreement to be acquired by Baker Hughes Company. Baker Hughes will acquire all outstanding shares of Chart's common stock for $210 per share in cash, totaling an enterprise value of $13.6 billion. The transaction, announced in July 2025, is subject to customary closing conditions including regulatory and stockholder approvals."], ["20250603", "Expro has successfully deployed its iTONG\u2122 system in Sub-Sahara Africa for the first time, revolutionizing deepwater operations off the C\u00f4te d'Ivoire. This autonomous technology significantly enhances efficiency, safety, and cost savings by automating tubular connection make-up and break-out, reducing make-up times by 50% and saving approximately $200,000 per well project. The deployment, part of a contract for Eni's Baleine field expansion, marks a significant step in offshore drilling innovation."], ["20250603", "The Australian Labor government has approved a 40-year extension for the North West Shelf (NWS) gas project, operated by Woodside Energy Group Ltd., until 2070. This decision, made shortly after the government's re-election, contradicts its stated commitment to net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 and has drawn criticism from environmental groups. The extension significantly increases Australia's projected greenhouse gas emissions and raises concerns about the impact on ancient Indigenous rock art in the Burrup Peninsula."], ["20250603", "Noble Plains Uranium has secured an option to acquire the Shirley Central Property, a highly strategic land package in Wyoming's prolific Shirley Basin uranium district. This acquisition expands Noble Plains' footprint to 101 claims, capitalizing on brownfield assets with historical drilling evidence of mineralization and strong potential for In-Situ Recovery (ISR) methods. The company plans to fast-track permitting for drilling on identified \"bullseye\" targets by late summer 2025."], ["20250603", "Redstone Arsenal in Alabama recently hosted the third Special User Evaluation (SUE) for the U.S. Army's Future Long-Range Assault Aircraft (FLRAA) program. This evaluation provided Army aviators and industry partners like Bell Textron Inc. and Lockheed Martin with a simulated operational environment to refine the aircraft's design and functionality. The SUE focused on mission planning, execution, contingency responses, and cybersecurity, aiming to deliver a transformative and advanced aircraft for future battlefield dominance."], ["20250603", "ONEOK, Inc. announced the acquisition of the remaining 49.9% interest in Delaware G&P LLC (Delaware Basin JV) from NGP XI Midstream Holdings, L.L.C. for $940 million. The transaction, consisting of $530 million in cash and $410 million in ONEOK common stock, makes ONEOK the sole owner of Delaware Basin JV, advancing its Permian Basin growth strategy. Delaware Basin JV operates natural gas gathering and processing facilities in the Delaware Basin with over 700 million cubic feet per day processing capacity."], ["20250603", "Pony.ai has announced a strategic partnership with Shenzhen Xihu Corp., a major taxi operator, to deploy over 1,000 of Pony.ai\u2019s seventh-generation robotaxis in Shenzhen. This collaboration aims to accelerate large-scale robotaxi deployments using an \"asset-light and AI-empowered model,\" leveraging Xihu's fleet expertise and Pony.ai's autonomous driving technology. Pony.ai's latest autonomous driving system features reduced costs and modular architecture, and the company is also expanding services internationally, including a recent partnership with Uber and plans for expansion into Europe."], ["20250603", "An independent investigation report blamed \"human error\" due to \"poor training and supervision\" and a \"lack of qualified workers\" for a three-day Martinez Refining Company fire in February. The report highlighted the dangers of inadequate oversight of contract workers, leading a community activist and a county supervisor to call for better management. The Martinez Refining Company is conducting its own internal investigation while cooperating with agencies."], ["20250603", "Proficient Auto Logistics (NASDAQ: PAL) announced that key members of its leadership team will participate in the William Blair Growth Stock Conference on June 4, 2025. The company also set August 11, 2025, as the date to release its second-quarter 2025 financial results, followed by an investor conference call. Investors can access presentation materials on the company's website and register for the earnings call."], ["20250603", "Oshkosh Corporation has renamed its Defense segment to the Transport segment, indicating a strategic shift towards expanding into commercial markets while continuing its defense commitments. Concurrently, Steve Nordlund has been appointed as the executive vice president and president of the new Transport segment, bringing over 25 years of leadership experience from the aerospace, defense, and mobility industries. This move aims to leverage Oshkosh's capabilities for accelerated growth and market diversification."], ["20250603", "Nano Nuclear Energy has successfully raised $105 million through a private placement of common stock, boosting its cash on hand to over $210 million. This funding will be used to further develop its micro nuclear reactors and other related nuclear energy businesses. The company's efforts include plans to build a Kronos microreactor at the University of Illinois."], ["20250603", "NIO Inc. announced its delivery figures for May 2025, reporting a total of 23,231 vehicles delivered, marking a 13.1% year-over-year increase. These deliveries included vehicles from its premium NIO brand, family-oriented ONVO brand, and small smart high-end firefly brand. The company's cumulative deliveries reached 760,789 as of May 31, 2025."], ["20250603", "In May 2025, NIO Inc. delivered 23,231 vehicles, a 13.1% year-over-year increase, and expanded its global charging infrastructure. The company launched upgraded versions of its ES6, EC6, ET5, and ET5 Touring models, with deliveries commencing in China. Additionally, NIO's ET9 steer-by-wire system received e-Mark certification, and the company initiated partnerships for charging networks while celebrating ONVO's first anniversary and rolling out the first version of the NIO WorldModel."], ["20250603", "Abdul Latif Jameel and Joby Aviation have signed an MoU to explore opportunities for electric aircraft distribution and air taxi services in Saudi Arabia. This collaboration builds on an existing investment by the Jameel family in Joby and aims for potential delivery of up to 200 Joby aircraft with related services valued around $1 billion. The initiative supports Saudi Arabia's Vision 2030 by promoting sustainable mobility and economic growth, with Joby planning to launch passenger services in Dubai in 2026."], ["20250603", "Horizon Aircraft, co-founded by Brian and Brandon Robinson, is developing the Cavorite X7, a hybrid electric vertical takeoff and landing (eVTOL) aircraft designed for search-and-rescue and regional flights. This Canadian company aims to fill a market gap for longer-range eVTOLs, distinguishing itself from competitors with its hybrid approach as the industry evolves. Despite the nascent stage of the eVTOL market and past investor hesitancy in other companies, Horizon has secured early funding and is actively recruiting top talent while seeking partnerships to commercialize its innovative aircraft."], ["20250603", "Gevo has agreed to sell its Agri-Energy subsidiary, including an 18-million-gallon-per-year ethanol plant in Luverne, Minnesota, to A.E. Innovation for $7 million. Gevo will retain certain assets for isobutanol production, while A.E. Innovation plans to restart ethanol production and establish an innovation hub. The deal is expected to close by the end of 2025 and will provide Gevo with $2 million upfront, an additional $5 million later, and estimated annual savings of $3 million in idling costs."], ["20250603", "Constellation and Meta have signed a 20-year power purchase agreement for the output of the Clinton Clean Energy Center in Illinois, providing 1,121 megawatts of emissions-free nuclear energy to support Meta's operations. This agreement, starting in June 2027, ensures the continued operation of the Clinton nuclear facility for two decades after its current Zero Emission Credit program expires, preserving jobs, tax revenue, and expanding clean energy output. The deal serves as a market-based solution to replace ratepayer support, enhances grid reliability, and includes a $1 million charitable investment in the local community."], ["20250603", "Computer Modelling Group Ltd. (CMG) and Baker Hughes have announced an agreement to integrate their simulation and seismic technologies with Baker Hughes' digital offerings. This collaboration aims to deliver comprehensive software and consulting solutions for upstream energy development, enhancing workflows, improving user experience, and maximizing asset value. The agreement will allow both companies to offer end-to-end workflows and explore further integrations with Baker Hughes' Leucipa and CarbonEdge solutions."], ["20250603", "Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (AQN) has announced its \"Back to Basics\" financial outlook for 2025-2027, focusing on improving customer experience, operational efficiencies, and regulatory outcomes. The company expects significant improvements in Earned Return on Equity and operating expenses, alongside projected Adjusted Net Earnings per share ranging from $0.30 to $0.46 by 2027. AQN plans approximately $2.5 billion in utility capital expenditures, with no equity issuance expected through 2027, while aiming to maintain BBB investment grade ratings."], ["20250603", "Alaska Airlines is launching new nonstop service between Seattle and Rome, fulfilling a long-standing request from its Mileage Plan members. Flights are set to begin in May 2026, with tickets available for purchase in fall 2025. This new route will be operated by Alaska Airlines using a Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner, further establishing Seattle as a premier global gateway."], ["20250603", "Alaska Air Group is delaying the delivery of two Embraer E175s for its regional subsidiary, Horizon Air, due to new tariffs imposed on imports from Brazil, Embraer's home country. This delay has led to Horizon Air canceling 14 flights daily through the end of July, primarily on high-frequency routes to minimize customer disruption. The airline expresses regret for the impact on guests and hopes for a quick resolution to the tariff situation."], ["20250603", "The OpenGMSL Association has been formed by leading automotive OEMs, Tier 1 suppliers, semiconductor manufacturers, and ecosystem partners to establish an open, worldwide standard for SerDes transmission of video and high-speed data in automotive systems. This initiative aims to accelerate innovation in autonomous driving, ADAS, and infotainment by standardizing GMSL technology, leading to reduced development costs and improved interoperability. The association encourages broad industry participation and will mandate compliance testing for products."], ["20250603", "Viper Energy Inc., the mineral and royalty unit of Diamondback Energy Inc., has agreed to acquire Sitio Royalties Corp. for approximately $4.1 billion, including debt. This all-stock transaction represents a significant consolidation in the U.S. shale patch's mineral rights and royalties sector and is Viper's second major deal this year. The acquisition expands Viper's footprint by adding 34,300 net royalty acres and follows a $4.5 billion acquisition from Diamondback earlier in the year."], ["20250603", "Primega Group Holdings (Nasdaq: ZDAI) is a Hong Kong-based company that provides transportation services to the construction industry through its operating subsidiary, Primega Construction. The company focuses on environmentally friendly practices, including the reuse and recycling of construction and demolition materials, with soil and rock transportation services being its primary revenue source. Primega Group Holdings priced its US IPO at $4 per share and has diverse service offerings beyond transportation, including diesel oil trading and construction works like ELS and bored piling."], ["20250603", "Transportadora de Gas del Sur (TGS) is experiencing a structural shift with tariff normalization, including automatic monthly inflation updates since May 2025, which is expected to unlock value in its regulated transport business. The company has demonstrated strong operating momentum with significant revenue growth and expanding margins in Q1 2025. TGS is strategically positioned to benefit from Argentina's gas infrastructure and is currently trading at an attractive valuation despite its high profitability and improving fundamentals."], ["20250603", "Rail Vision Ltd. has received a $335,000 follow-on order for its MainLine system from a major Latin American mining company, following a successful trial. This order highlights Rail Vision's growing presence in the Latin American market and reinforces the demand for its AI-powered railway safety solutions. The MainLine system is designed to enhance safety and optimize rail transport efficiency by providing real-time obstacle detection up to two kilometers ahead."], ["20250603", "SolarBank Corporation, a leader in renewable energy across North America, has announced its adoption of Bitcoin as a strategic reserve asset for its corporate treasury. This move aims to leverage Bitcoin for financial resilience, to offset emissions through clean energy initiatives, and to differentiate the company in the market. While SolarBank's core focus remains on renewable energy development, the company sees Bitcoin as a growing sector with increasing adoption."], ["20250603", "This article provides an overview of Foremost Clean Energy (CNSX:FAT) stock metrics, including its market cap, share price performance, and financial details. It highlights the company's activities in uranium and lithium exploration in North America, its recent news, and lists several competitors. The company changed its name from Foremost Lithium Resource & Technology Ltd. in September 2024."], ["20250603", "Beta Technologies' all-electric Alia aircraft completed a historic passenger-carrying flight into New York's JFK Airport, marking the first electric aircraft flight into one of the city's major airports and the first passenger-carrying electric flight in U.S. history. The demonstration showcased the Alia's regional viability and efficiency, with the 70 nm flight costing only $7 in energy. Beta is aggressively pursuing certification for the Alia and developing an electric aircraft charging network, with officials expressing optimism for electric aircraft becoming \"ubiquitous\" in New York's future advanced air mobility network."], ["20250603", "Eaton Corporation plc (ETN) and Siemens Energy have partnered to introduce a rapid solution for data center development, focusing on integrated on-site power and modular systems. This collaboration aims to meet the increasing demand for data centers by providing grid-independent energy, accelerating construction, and supporting renewable energy integration. The initiative offers developers flexibility in building and operating data centers expeditiously."], ["20250603", "Flex LNG Ltd has successfully refinanced its vessel Flex Courageous for $175 million through a Japanese operating lease with a call option, generating approximately $42 million in net proceeds and extending debt maturity to 2035. This transaction is the first of three planned refinancings aimed at optimizing the company's balance sheet, reducing borrowing costs, and is expected to unlock a total of $120 million in net proceeds across the three vessels. The refinancing follows a contract extension for Flex Courageous and supports Flex LNG's goal to strengthen its financial platform."], ["20250603", "Core Natural Resources has issued WARN notices for approximately 200 coal miners in Wyoming County, West Virginia, due to layoffs planned for August 1. The layoffs at the Itmann No. 5 Mine and Itmann Coal Prep Plant are attributed to weaker market conditions and economic forces. This move raises concerns about the necessity of black lung screening programs for miners seeking new employment."], ["20250603", "Viper Energy, a subsidiary of Diamondback Energy, announced its acquisition of Sitio Royalties in an all-equity transaction valued at approximately $4.1 billion, including Sitio's net debt. The merger aims to create a leader in the fragmented minerals industry with substantial scale, improved financial accretion, and greater access to capital. The deal, unanimously approved by both companies' boards and a majority of Sitio's stockholders, is expected to close in the third quarter of 2025."], ["20250603", "Eastman Chemical Co. \"remains confident\" in its highly anticipated chemical recycling project in Longview, Texas, despite the White House withdrawing funding. The project is set to house a molecular recycling facility. The article also mentions various updates within the plastics industry, including a chemical recycling tracker, new hires, and Processor of the Year finalists."], ["20250603", "NIO Inc. reported a 13.1% year-on-year increase in vehicle deliveries for May 2025, totaling 23,231 units, including significant contributions from its new ONVO and FIREFLY brands. The company also rolled out four revamped models and initiated the \"NIO World Model\" software update for existing vehicles, with more updates expected by the end of June."], ["20250603", "CBL International Limited announced a share repurchase program of up to $5 million or 5 million ordinary shares through April 15, 2028, reflecting management's confidence in the company's future. This announcement follows strong financial performance in FY2024, with revenue surging 35.9% to $592.52 million, driven by a 38.1% increase in sales volume from new customer acquisitions and an expanded port network. The company plans to continue expanding its market presence in biofuels and enhancing its global supply network while pursuing operational efficiency and sustainable growth."], ["20250603", "CBL International Limited announced a share repurchase program of up to $5 million or 5 million ordinary shares, reflecting the Board's confidence in the company's long-term growth and commitment to stockholder value. The company reported a 35.9% increase in consolidated revenue for FY2024, reaching $592.52 million, driven by increased sales volume and expanded market presence. CBL International plans to continue expanding its market presence, particularly in biofuels, and enhancing its global supply network."], ["20250603", "WirelessCar, Blink, and ChargeHub have partnered to launch a \u2018Seamless Charging\u2019 pilot program across North America, designed to simplify the electric vehicle (EV) charging experience. This initiative allows EV drivers to charge their vehicles at Blink stations through a single-app signup with ChargeHub, eliminating the need for multiple apps or accounts. The goal is to make EV charging faster, easier, and more accessible, leveraging connected vehicle data to provide a seamless plug-and-charge experience."], ["20250603", "Nordic American Tankers CEO Herbjorn Hansson has increased his investment in the company, following his son's lead. This move by the founding family demonstrates continued support for the suezmax tanker operator, especially after recent criticism from an analyst. The article notes the stock purchase comes after a broadside from an analyst, reinforcing the family's commitment."], ["20250603", "Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp.'s stock has surged by 12.82% following a strong first-quarter earnings report, which saw adjusted earnings increase by 39% and surpass analyst expectations. Strategic acquisitions and successful new rate announcements in its Regulated Services Group were key drivers of this growth. Scotiabank has upgraded its price target for the company, reflecting increased confidence in Algonquin's financial outlook and continued commitment to dividends."], ["20250603", "Ford Motor Company reported a 16 percent increase in U.S. sales for May 2025, reaching 220,959 units, with both Ford and Lincoln brands contributing to the growth. While electric vehicle sales saw a decline, hybrid and internal combustion vehicle sales rose significantly. Truck and SUV sales also experienced substantial increases, driving Ford's overall year-to-date sales up by 6.1 percent to 930,925 units for the first five months of 2025."], ["20250603", "Rail Vision Ltd. has received a $335,000 follow-on order from a major Latin American mining company for its MainLine railway safety system. This order follows a successful long-term trial and underscores the technology's ability to enhance railway safety and efficiency, particularly in demanding mining environments. CEO David BenDavid views this as a significant commercial milestone that validates their AI-powered solutions and supports their global expansion strategy, especially in Latin America."], ["20250603", "Viper Energy, Inc., a subsidiary of Diamondback Energy, Inc., announced its agreement to acquire Sitio Royalties Corp. in an all-equity transaction valued at approximately $4.1 billion, including Sitio's net debt. The deal, unanimously approved by both boards and key stockholders, is expected to close in Q3 2025 and will create a larger entity with enhanced scale, inventory depth, and financial accretion. Concurrently, Viper's Board approved a 10% increase in its base dividend to $1.32 per share annually."], ["20250603", "Baker Hughes and Cactus Inc. are forming a joint venture for surface pressure control services. Baker Hughes will transfer its surface pressure control product line to the new entity, retaining a 35% stake, while Cactus will hold a 65% ownership and operational control. This partnership aims to combine their complementary portfolios to drive technological innovation, expand into international markets for Cactus, and supports Baker Hughes' strategy to optimize its portfolio and enhance earnings."], ["20250603", "Braskem and Ardent Process Technologies have successfully completed a joint development program for innovative olefin-paraffin separation technology, marking a significant advancement in polyolefin production efficiency. The collaboration focused on Ardent's Optiperm\u2122 membrane technology, which demonstrated key performance metrics in a pilot program. Braskem now plans to implement this technology across its commercial facilities, with engineering and design work already underway for the first installation."], ["20250603", "NextEra Energy Resources has commissioned its first 100MW utility-scale Amite Solar facility in Tangipahoa Parish, Louisiana. Developed in partnership with DEMCO, the project aims to provide stable, low-cost energy for 25 years and is expected to generate approximately $16 million in additional tax revenue for the parish over its lifetime. NextEra Energy Resources is also developing two other solar projects in Louisiana: the 150MW St. Landry Solar project and the 200MW Singer Solar facility."], ["20250603", "ONEOK, Inc. announced the acquisition of the remaining 49.9% interest in Delaware G&P LLC from NGP XI Midstream Holdings, L.L.C. for $940 million. This acquisition, completed on May 28, 2025, makes ONEOK the sole owner of the Delaware Basin JV, advancing its Permian Basin growth strategy. The Delaware Basin JV owns significant natural gas gathering and processing facilities in West Texas and New Mexico."], ["20250603", "Southwest Airlines announced a major international partnership with Taiwan-based China Airlines Group, enabling \"seamless trans-Pacific journeys\" starting in 2026. This announcement follows Southwest's recent removal of free checked bags and the introduction of flight credit expirations, with assigned seating also set to begin in 2026. The partnership aims to enhance travel options for customers and improve connectivity to Asia for U.S. travelers."], ["20250603", "NiSource's operations in electric and gas infrastructure present significant growth opportunities for a decade or more. The company benefits from constructive regulation and anticipates increased investment due to data center developments, leading to a potential fair value estimate raise. Recent approvals, such as Indiana's decision on GenCo and an upcoming data center contract, underscore these growth prospects."], ["20250602", "Xcel Energy plans to return $25 million to its North Dakota and South Dakota customers through federal tax credits related to nuclear energy generation. South Dakota customers are already receiving benefits, while North Dakota customers are expected to see savings beginning in August if approved. This initiative leverages nuclear power's carbon-free, 24/7 availability to reduce customer bills and support energy security."], ["20250602", "Uranium Energy Corp (UEC) has reported significant operational progress in Q3 FY2025, commissioning a new mine-unit at Christensen Ranch and advancing construction at Burke Hollow. The company maintains a strong financial position with $271 million in cash, inventory, and equities, poised to benefit from new Trump Administration Executive Orders aimed at quadrupling U.S. nuclear capacity and reducing foreign fuel dependence. UEC is also developing its Sweetwater hub-and-spoke model and initiating pre-feasibility for the Roughrider Project, reinforcing its role as a leading domestic uranium supplier."], ["20250602", "Textron Aviation has introduced an additional Flight Data Monitoring (FDM) service option for its Cessna Citation business jets and Cessna SkyCourier aircraft equipped with Aircraft Recording Systems (AReS). Customers can now transfer flight data through GE Aerospace's C-FOQA service, expanding the existing LinxUs data reporting ecosystem. This enhancement provides greater flexibility and choice for Cessna owners to select an FDM provider that best suits their needs, improving operational efficiency and proactive maintenance."], ["20250602", "BMO Capital Markets has maintained a \"Buy\" rating on Suncor Energy (SU:CA) with a 12-month target price of CAD 65, citing confidence in the company's prospects despite energy sector fluctuations. Analysts project an average target price of CAD 60.47, indicating a 23.9% upside from the current CAD 48.79, and a \"Strong Buy\" consensus. Key factors influencing this positive outlook include oil price sensitivity, operational efficiency, investments in renewable energy, and consistent shareholder returns, even as the stock has seen declines over the past year."], ["20250602", "SolarEdge Technologies Inc. announced the production of its 250,000th solar inverter at the Flex facility in Austin, Texas, marking a significant step in bolstering domestic manufacturing and U.S. energy independence. Texas Governor Greg Abbott honored this achievement by declaring June 2, 2025, as \"SolarEdge-Flex Manufacturing Milestone Day,\" recognizing the partnership's economic and technological impact, including the creation of over 1,000 jobs. This milestone underscores the companies' commitment to strengthening the U.S. energy infrastructure and reducing reliance on foreign components."], ["20250602", "Rocket Lab has successfully completed its 65th Electron mission, deploying Earth-imaging satellites for BlackSky. This marks the second of four planned Electron launches for BlackSky this year and their tenth overall mission with Rocket Lab, solidifying Electron's role as a reliable launch vehicle for BlackSky's constellation. The mission, named \u2018Full Stream Ahead\u2019, successfully placed a Gen-3 satellite into a 470 km circular low Earth orbit."], ["20250602", "Pony AI Inc. announced a strategic partnership with Shenzhen's largest taxi operator, Xihu Group, to deploy over 1,000 Gen 7 Robotaxis in Shenzhen leveraging an \"asset-light + AI-empowered model.\" Pony.ai will focus on AI technology and dispatch, while Xihu Group manages fleet operations. This collaboration aims to accelerate the large-scale deployment of autonomous mobility services, building on Pony.ai's authorization to operate paid fully-driverless robotaxis in Shenzhen's city centers."], ["20250602", "This article provides a company profile for Public Service Enterprise Group (PSEG), highlighting its role as a provider of electric and natural gas services through its subsidiaries like PSE&G and PSEG Long Island. It details PSEG's commitment to delivering safe, affordable, and sustainable energy solutions to millions of customers. The piece also notes PSEG's presence in Fortune's various rankings."], ["20250602", "Pembina Pipeline Corporation announced a $200 million offering of 5.95% Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes due in 2055. The proceeds will be primarily used to redeem its Series 19 Class A Preferred Shares and for general corporate purposes. Additionally, Pembina plans a consent solicitation for holders of its Series 1 Notes to amend the indenture, allowing for an exchange into Series 3 Notes with similar economic terms but adjusted provisions regarding preferred shares upon certain bankruptcy events."], ["20250602", "Oklahoma Gas & Electric (OG&E) announced a fuel charge increase of approximately $5.87 per month for the average residential customer, effective June 1, due to rising fuel costs for electricity generation. While OG&E states these charges are cost-recovery and not for profit, AARP Oklahoma has criticized the utility for simultaneously spending on naming rights for a new arena, questioning why those funds weren't used to benefit customers and offset rising costs. The Oklahoma Corporation Commission reviews and approves these fuel charge adjustments."], ["20250602", "Mineral and Petroleum Resources Minister Gwede Mantashe emphasized the critical role of foreign direct investment in driving the growth of South Africa's mining and energy sectors. Visiting Orion Minerals\u2019 copper project, Mantashe noted such foreign investment is vital for unlocking the nation's mineral wealth, despite ongoing challenges facing the mining sector, including declining production and a lowered economic growth forecast from the IMF."], ["20250602", "This article highlights recent dips in Nano Nuclear Energy (NNE) and Oklo Inc. (OKLO) stock prices due to public securities offerings, presenting them as buying opportunities. The author argues that these offerings are strategic moves for growth, taking advantage of favorable valuations to fund vital AI-driven energy infrastructure. The piece also discusses supportive factors like recent White House executive orders prioritizing nuclear energy and significant company milestones."], ["20250602", "The Farmington Solar Energy Center, one of New England's largest, is expected to generate enough electricity to power every home in Portland and Lewiston, Maine, for a full year. This achievement highlights its success in providing reliable, low-cost solar energy and contributing significantly to the local economy through tax revenues. Developed by NextEra Energy Resources with a $110 million investment, the facility began operations in 2021."], ["20250602", "Herbjorn Hansson, Founder, Chairman & CEO of Nordic American Tankers (NYSE: NAT), purchased 100,000 shares at $2.70 each on June 2, 2025. This transaction increases the Hansson family's total holdings to 9.4 million shares, making them the largest private shareholder group. The purchase signals strong management confidence in the company's future and aligning with shareholder interests."], ["20250602", "Southwest Airlines (NYSE:LUV) is pursuing its first trans-Pacific partnership with China Airlines Group, a strategic move aimed at diversifying its market presence and enhancing revenue. This initiative, alongside other positive corporate actions like a dividend payout and share buybacks, contributed to a 13% stock rise in the last quarter and a 23.42% total shareholder return over the past year. Analysts anticipate this new partnership will positively impact revenue and earnings forecasts, despite a slight discrepancy between the current share price and the set price target."], ["20250602", "Intercontinental Exchange (ICE) has launched its inaugural futures contracts for battery materials, including lithium hydroxide, lithium carbonate, cobalt, and spodumene, to address geopolitical risks and evolving trade flows in critical minerals. These new cash-settled contracts are based on Fastmarkets\u2019 price assessments and expand ICE's existing energy and environmental derivatives offerings. This move aims to provide the battery raw materials industry with essential risk management tools and build liquidity within this growing market."], ["20250602", "Global Infrastructure Partners (GIP) has fully divested its ownership stake in Hess Midstream LP, prompting a restructuring of Hess Midstream's board and corporate governance. Following GIP's exit, the company's ownership is approximately 62.2% public and 37.8% Hess Corporation. New governance measures require key decisions to be approved by both a Hess-affiliated and an independent director, reinforcing independent oversight."], ["20250602", "Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Co. (GLDD) has secured a $35.8 million contract for a dredging project in Galveston, Texas. The firm-fixed-price contract was awarded by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Galveston District. The work is expected to be completed by November 1, 2025, funded by fiscal 2025 operation and maintenance funds."], ["20250602", "Gevo Inc. has agreed to sell its Agri-Energy LLC subsidiary, including an 18-million-gallon-per-year ethanol plant in Luverne, Minnesota, to A.E. Innovation LLC for $7 million. Gevo will retain assets for future isobutanol production at the site, aligning with its strategic focus on renewable fuels and sustainable chemicals. A.E. Innovation plans to restart ethanol production and repurpose the facility into a hub for new biofuel and renewable chemical technologies."], ["20250602", "First Solar's stock has declined significantly over the past year due to weakened government support for renewable energy under the Trump administration. Despite this, some market analysts believe the selloff has been excessive. The article highlights a split on Wall Street regarding the future of renewable energy companies."], ["20250602", "Flex LNG, a company backed by John Fredriksen, has completed a $175 million lease refinancing for its LNG carrier, Flex Courageous. This deal extends debt maturity to 2035 and is the first of three planned refinancing deals which collectively will release $120 million in net proceeds and reduce the overall cost of debt. The refinancing follows securing up to 37 years of combined contract backlog for the three vessels."], ["20250602", "EnerSys, a global leader in stored energy solutions, celebrated the expansion of its Sumter, South Carolina facility with a ribbon-cutting ceremony. The $6.7 million, 34,000-square-foot expansion aims to increase capacity for advanced battery technologies, including lithium-ion and Thin Plate Pure Lead solutions. This investment reinforces EnerSys's commitment to advanced manufacturing, local community growth, and strengthening the domestic supply chain while creating job opportunities."], ["20250602", "BorgWarner Inc. has acquired an advanced gasoline ignition technology from Etatech Inc. This innovative high-frequency ignition technology is designed to significantly improve fuel economy and reduce emissions in lean-burning engines, potentially replacing conventional spark plugs. BorgWarner expects to commercialize the technology for various powertrain applications in the coming years."], ["20250602", "This article provides a company profile for AutoZone (AZO), a leading retailer and distributor of automotive replacement parts in the U.S., Mexico, and Brazil, founded in 1979. It highlights AutoZone's services for both DIY customers and professional mechanics, including battery testing and diagnostics. The profile also mentions its inclusion in various Fortune rankings and provides sections for key financial data and earnings reports."], ["20250602", "Arrive AI (NASDAQ:ARAI) has appointed Laurie Tucker, former FedEx Senior Vice President of Marketing, to its Board of Directors. Tucker brings extensive logistics and strategic expertise from her 14-year tenure at FedEx and will serve as Head of Arrive AI's Compensation Committee. Arrive AI specializes in autonomous delivery networks through its patented AI-powered Arrive Points system, which provides secure last-mile delivery solutions and holds a foundational patent predating Amazon's similar filing."], ["20250602", "APA Corporation (APA) is an independent energy company focused on oil and natural gas exploration and production. It operates in regions like the Permian Basin, Egypt, the North Sea, and Suriname, emphasizing sustainable practices and advanced technology like AI for efficiency. The article provides a company profile, financial information, and mentions its rankings in Fortune lists."], ["20250602", "This article provides a company profile for Advance Auto Parts (AAP), an automotive aftermarket parts provider founded in 1929. The company operates over 4,200 stores and serves more than 800 Carquest-branded stores. It also mentions key financial information, profit ratios, earnings per share, and stock performance, along with its rankings in various Fortune lists."], ["20250602", "The State Oil Company of Azerbaijan (SOCAR) and Canada\u2019s Gran Tierra Energy Inc. signed a Memorandum of Understanding during Baku Energy Week. This MoU facilitates joint research to assess the feasibility of a hydrocarbon exploration, development, and production project in the Guba-Caspian region. Gran Tierra Energy Inc. will analyze existing geological data and logistics, with the potential for a Production Sharing Agreement following a geological exploration program and commercial terms."], ["20250602", "Attorney General Dana Nessel has filed a \"notice of intervention\" against Consumers Energy\u2019s request for a $436 million annual electric rate hike, calling it potentially the largest in decades. Nessel's office aims to scrutinize the request to establish just and reasonable rates and protect Michigan ratepayers from increasing utility costs. Consumers Energy maintains their request is part of a \"Reliability Roadmap\" to improve service and mitigate outages."], ["20250602", "Lottery.com and Sports.com achieved success in Detroit with their drivers in both the NTT INDYCAR SERIES and INDY NXT by Firestone. Sebastian Murray secured a career-best P6 finish in INDY NXT despite early race damage. Other drivers, Louis Foster and Callum Ilott, showed strong pace but faced unfortunate incidents, with the teams now looking ahead to the upcoming oval race at World Wide Technology Raceway."], ["20250602", "NextEra Energy Resources has commissioned a 100-MW solar project in Louisiana. The project was announced on June 2, 2025, and contributes to the solar power capacity in the USA. Additional details about the project's specifics beyond its capacity are not provided in this snippet."], ["20250602", "StandardAero, a key supplier to GE Aerospace, is significantly expanding its Sharonville manufacturing facility in Greater Cincinnati. This expansion is projected to create at least 300 new full-time jobs over the next several years, with support from JobsOhio, REDI Cincinnati, and Sharonville City Council. The company is one of the largest aftermarket engine services providers in the U.S."], ["20250602", "This article argues that MV Oil Trust (MVO) is a poor investment due to its impending termination next year. The author asserts that anticipated payouts are significantly lower than the current unit price and that cash reserves would only add a minimal amount upon termination, making even lofty assumptions for profitability unfavorable."], ["20250602", "Shell, Occidental Petroleum, Exxon Mobil, and Chevron saw pre-market increases on Monday after oil prices surged over 3%. This rise was a result of the OPEC+ group's decision to maintain its existing output increase for July, marking the third consecutive month of such hikes. The decision comes amidst ongoing significant changes in the global oil industry, including a battle for a share in a massive Guyanese oil project."], ["20250602", "The InfraCap MLP ETF (AMZA) is currently trading down 0.69% at $45.75, showing a negative shift in investor sentiment with increased trading volume. Despite the day's decline, AMZA is technically strong, trading above both its 50-day and 200-day moving averages. However, forecast models predict potential negative returns over the next one month, one year, and five years."], ["20250602", "Eastman has lost a $375 million Department of Energy grant for its $1.2 billion plastics recycling facility in Longview, Texas, following a review by the Trump administration that cut over $3.7 billion in project funding. Despite this, Eastman states the project could still proceed, emphasizing its role in a circular economy, job creation, and alignment with national goals. The facility is designed to recycle 110,000 metric tons of hard-to-recycle plastic annually, creating virgin-quality materials."], ["20250602", "EOG Resources, Inc. has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Encino Acquisition Partners (EAP) for $5.6 billion, inclusive of EAP's net debt. This acquisition will significantly expand EOG's Utica position, adding 675,000 net core acres and increasing its total net acres to 1.1 million, which represents over 2 billion barrels of oil equivalent of undeveloped net resources. The transaction creates a third foundational play for EOG, complementing its Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford assets."], ["20250602", "NextEra Energy Resources has launched its first utility-scale energy facility in Louisiana, the 100-megawatt Amite Solar Energy Center, in partnership with DEMCO. The project, operational since March 2025, guarantees fixed-price energy for 25 years and is projected to generate $16 million in tax revenue for Tangipahoa Parish over three decades. This initiative created 200 construction jobs and supports local economic development while providing reliable, American-made energy."], ["20250602", "Hess Midstream LP announced updated governance after Global Infrastructure Partners (GIP) fully exited their position. This change shifts ownership to approximately 62.2% public and 37.8% Hess Corporation. The Board of Directors has been restructured to a maximum of eight members, with no more than four affiliated with Hess and the rest independent, and key decisions now require approval from at least one Hess and one independent director."], ["20250602", "The Cigna Group announced the appointment of Michael J. Hennigan, Executive Chairman of Marathon Petroleum Corporation, to its Board of Directors, effective June 2, 2025. David Cordani, President and CEO of The Cigna Group, highlighted Mr. Hennigan's extensive business experience, leadership in strategic initiatives, and deep understanding of complex, regulated markets as invaluable assets for the company's growth and mission. Mr. Hennigan brings decades of experience from the energy industry, including roles at Sunoco and Energy Transfer Partners, L.P."], ["20250602", "This article highlights ONEOK (NYSE:OKE) as a potentially noteworthy investment due to its profitability and consistent earnings per share (EPS) growth. Over the last three years, ONEOK has grown EPS by 13% annually, alongside a 39% revenue increase to US$25 billion. Additionally, the company shows a notable level of insider ownership, with insiders holding US$104 million worth of shares, indicating alignment between management and shareholders."], ["20250601", "Phillips 66 is set to begin workforce reductions at its Los Angeles-area refinery in December 2025, ahead of its planned closure in October 2025. The facility employs about 600 workers and 300 contractors, with roughly half of the employees being hourly workers represented by the United Steelworkers Union. This closure, along with Valero Energy's Benicia refinery, will impact about 20% of California's gasoline supply."], ["20250601", "Egypt's Minister of Petroleum and Mineral Resources, Karim Badawi, attended an event celebrating Halliburton's 25 years of providing hydraulic fracking services in Egypt. During the event, Halliburton announced the upcoming introduction of AI-powered smart fracturing technology, Zeus iQ, in Egypt, aligning with the Ministry's digital transformation strategy. The celebration highlighted the importance of modern technologies for production efficiency and acknowledged key strategic partners in Egypt's energy sector."], ["20250601", "Ioneer Ltd announced a 308% upgrade to the Ore Reserve estimate for its Rhyolite Ridge Lithium-Boron Project, quadrupling it to 247 million tonnes and extending the mine life to 95 years. The project boasts strong economics with an after-tax NPV of US$1.367 billion and an unlevered IRR of 14.5%, placing it in the lowest cost quartile for lithium production globally due to its boric acid co-product. Ioneer plans to prioritize high-boron ore production to optimize revenue from boric acid during periods of low lithium prices, reinforcing the project's flexibility and economic advantage."], ["20250601", "Institutional investors in Texas Pacific Land Corporation (NYSE:TPL) experienced a 12% loss last week, though they have seen 85% returns over the past year. Institutions hold a significant 71% ownership stake, making their trading decisions influential on the stock price. Insiders own less than 1% but have collectively sold shares recently."], ["20250614", "New Era Helium, through its joint venture Texas Critical Data Centers with Sharon AI, is rapidly advancing its data center project in Ector County. The venture secured a non-binding MOU with PowerForward Energy Solutions to provide 250 megawatts of on-site power and is actively seeking enterprise customers and additional land for expansion. CEO E. Will Gray II highlights the Permian Basin's attractiveness due to inexpensive natural gas and affordable land, aiming to establish it as a hub for hyperscalers and AI language learning models."], ["20250701", "Cenntro Inc. has launched its \"Avantier Commuter\" model from the 2025 Avantier Model Series, an all-electric vehicle designed for urban mobility with a range of up to 320 kilometers. The vehicle has received European Union M1 type approval, allowing it to be sold across EU countries, and has already seen positive market reception with 66 units sold. The Avantier series aims to meet the needs of urban drivers with its compact, lightweight design."], ["20250701", "The U.S. Postal Service significantly reduced air transport costs by 43% in the first quarter after switching its primary air cargo contract from FedEx to UPS, according to an inspector general's report. Despite the cost savings and increased operational flexibility, the audit identified issues with incomplete data collection, improper scanning of packages, and hazardous material shipments mistakenly entering the UPS network, urging improvements in performance measurement and network planning. The new $10 billion contract supports the USPS's strategy to shift to less expensive ground transportation to mitigate financial losses and enhance service."], ["20250701", "Steel Dynamics Inc. (SDI) has announced that all its steel mills have achieved Global Steel Climate Council (GSCC) product certification, recognizing their lower-embodied carbon steel products. This certification validates SDI's commitment to sustainability and aligns with the Paris Climate Agreement's 1.5-degree Celsius scenario and the International Energy Agency\u2019s Net Zero by 2050 roadmap. SDI's CEO, Mark D. Millett, highlighted that the company achieved its 2025 GHG emissions intensity and renewable electrical energy goals ahead of schedule and continues to reduce its carbon impact."], ["20250701", "Jacobs has been selected as the Knowledge Partner by the National Industrial Corridor Development Corporation Limited (NICDC) to provide program management services for 12 industrial corridors across India. This initiative, part of the National Industrial Corridor Development Program, aims to establish greenfield industrial smart cities to boost manufacturing, economic growth, and competitiveness. Jacobs' three-year contract will involve planning, design review, budgeting, monitoring, and stakeholder coordination, building on their previous work in India's industrial development projects."], ["20250701", "The Georgia Public Service Commission (PSC) is considering Georgia Power's request to freeze base consumer power rates at their current level until 2028. While this extension of an alternative rate plan doesn't include pre-approved hikes, Georgia Power plans to file separate rate cases in 2026 to recover an estimated $860 million in storm costs and fuel costs, potentially leading to increased consumer bills. Consumer watchdogs criticize the proposed freeze, arguing it locks in a high-profit margin for the utility and allows deferred cost considerations, while some business groups and local governments support the stability."], ["20250701", "FedEx is closing facilities and laying off 481 employees as part of its Network 2.0 restructuring efforts. This move is aimed at implementing multiple cost-cutting plans to save billions for the company both now and in the future. The actions are part of a broader push to streamline operations and improve financial efficiency."], ["20250701", "EOG Resources has successfully completed a $3.5 billion unsecured debt offering, featuring various multi-year senior notes due from 2028 to 2055. This move is supported by the company's strong financial health and robust cash flows, which analysts predict will sufficiently cover interest payments. The offering highlights EOG's strategic financial management and its recent acquisition activities, such as the Encino acquisition, aimed at enhancing production and operational efficiencies."], ["20250701", "Marblegate Capital Corporation (OTCQX: MGTE) has announced the appointment of Michael Hutchby as its new Chief Financial Officer, effective July 3, 2025. Hutchby will succeed Jeffrey Kravetz and brings extensive experience from Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corporation and Freedom Mortgage. Marblegate Capital is a vertically integrated fleet operator and specialty finance lender in the NYC taxi market, aiming to transform the industry."], ["20250701", "Walmart is moving forward with plans to install electric vehicle (EV) chargers at three Supercenter locations in Jacksonville, Florida, with each site costing $1.3 million. This initiative is part of Walmart's broader goal, announced in April 2023, to establish its own EV fast-charging network at thousands of its stores nationwide by 2030, supplementing existing third-party chargers. The company aims to make EV ownership more accessible by leveraging its widespread presence, providing convenient charging options in various communities."], ["20250701", "The Shyft Group and Aebi Schmidt Group have successfully completed their merger, forming the combined \"Aebi Schmidt Group,\" positioned as a global leader in specialty vehicles. The new entity combines expertise and portfolios from both companies, with shares expected to begin trading on NASDAQ under ticker symbol \"AEBI\" from July 2, 2025. This strategic move aims to accelerate innovation, enhance global market leadership, and generate long-term value for stakeholders."], ["20250701", "Covenant Logistics Group, Inc. (NYSE: CVLG) announced that it will release its second quarter earnings after 4:00 p.m. ET on Wednesday, July 23, 2025. The company will also host a live conference call to discuss these earnings on Thursday, July 24, 2025, at 10:00 a.m. ET. Investors can access the call details and financial information on the company's website."], ["20250701", "Entergy has successfully completed the sale of its natural gas distribution business to Delta Utilities, a company backed by Bernhard Capital Partners. This transaction allows Entergy to focus on its growing electric utility business and invest in a more resilient energy future, while Delta Utilities assumes responsibility for serving approximately 204,000 gas customers in the Baton Rouge and New Orleans areas. The sale received all necessary federal and state regulatory approvals."], ["20250701", "Entergy announced the completion of the sale of its natural gas distribution business to Delta Utilities, a company backed by Bernhard Capital Partners and based in New Orleans. This strategic transaction allows Entergy to focus on its growing electric operations and invest in a stronger, more resilient energy future. Delta Utilities will assume responsibility for servicing approximately 204,000 gas customers in the Baton Rouge and New Orleans areas."], ["20250701", "Quanta Services (PWR) is highlighted as a top momentum stock due to its strong Momentum Style Score of A, a VGM Score of B, and a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) rating. The company has shown significant price appreciation with a 52.7% gain over the last year, and eight analysts have revised their earnings estimates upwards for 2025. These factors suggest PWR is a compelling investment for momentum-focused investors."], ["20250701", "Union Pacific has a rich history spanning over 160 years, beginning with President Lincoln's signing of the Pacific Railway Act in 1862. The company played a pivotal role in connecting the nation through the transcontinental railroad and continues to innovate with initiatives like the Big Three Modernization. Its history includes significant milestones such as the opening of the first permanent bridge across the Missouri River, the invention of the ski lift, and the integration of large steam locomotives like the Big Boy."], ["20250701", "Global funds focusing on dividend-paying stocks have seen significant inflows this year, attracting $23.7 billion in the first half of 2025, the most in three years. This trend is driven by investor demand for stable income amidst geopolitical and economic uncertainties, with dividend-heavy sectors outperforming technology. Hopes of rate cuts later in the year are expected to further favor equities with strong dividend growth."], ["20250701", "Global dividend funds are seeing strong inflows in the first half of 2025, attracting $23.7 billion, the most in three years. This trend is driven by investors seeking stable income amidst geopolitical and economic uncertainties, with dividend-paying stocks gaining popularity as interest rate cuts are anticipated. Energy, real estate, utilities, and financials are leading sectors in dividend yield, with Europe showing the highest regional yield."], ["20250701", "Honda has introduced its latest hybrid, the HSS960i, which is a snowblower starting at $4,425 and features a 1-cylinder engine. This move signifies Honda's expansion of its electrification efforts beyond automobiles to its entire product range. The company, known as a pioneer in gasoline-electric vehicles, is now applying its hybrid technology to equipment like snowblowers."], ["20250701", "Baird has reinstated coverage on Expeditors International (EXPD) with a \"Neutral\" rating and a price target of $124.00 USD, as announced by analyst Daniel Moore. Wall Street analysts provide an average target price of $109.08 for EXPD, implying a potential downside, while GuruFocus estimates a GF Value of $110.62."], ["20250701", "Eos Energy Enterprises has received a $22.7 million loan advance from the Department of Energy, completing the full draw of $90.9 million for its first manufacturing line under Project AMAZE. This funding, along with recent stock and convertible note offerings, boosts Eos' financial position and supports the expansion of its U.S. manufacturing capabilities to meet growing customer demand for zinc-based battery energy storage systems, especially for an anticipated 6 GWh from recently signed MOUs. The company aims to build a robust domestic supply chain and create jobs while addressing the increasing needs of the energy storage market."], ["20250701", "Digital Realty has released its 2024 Impact Report, detailing significant progress in sustainability, including achieving 75% renewable energy for global electricity needs and reaching 1.5 GW of renewable energy capacity under contract. The report highlights advancements in resource conservation, sustainable building practices, and operational resilience. These efforts underscore Digital Realty's commitment to sustainable data center operations and leadership in environmental responsibility within the digital economy."], ["20250701", "Lotus Technology Inc. (Nasdaq:LOT) announced it will acquire full ownership of Lotus UK by purchasing Etika Automotive's 49% stake and Geely International's stake through non-cash transactions. This move, expected to complete by end of 2025, will consolidate Lotus Tech's control over Lotus sports and hypercar manufacturing and engineering services. The acquisitions fulfill put option agreements initiated in January 2023, triggered by Lotus UK selling over 5,000 vehicles in 2024."], ["20250701", "Emerald AI, an NVIDIA Inception startup, is developing a software platform called Emerald Conductor that enables AI factories to reduce power consumption during peak grid demand while maintaining performance. This AI-powered system orchestrates workloads across data centers, allowing for flexible power usage, which can help bring new data centers online sooner by leveraging existing energy infrastructure and integrating renewable energy more effectively. The company recently demonstrated a 25% power reduction during a grid stress event in Phoenix, Arizona, and announced over $24 million in seed funding."], ["20250701", "Ford South Africa has introduced the new Territory Dark Edition, an exclusive top-tier variant designed to enhance the compact SUV's style and appeal. This model features premium high-gloss black accents and an upmarket interior with Cyber Orange stitching, combined with advanced technology and comprehensive safety features. The Dark Edition aims to offer exceptional value and a confident driving experience within the competitive SUV market."], ["20250701", "The Town of Saugus is transitioning its solid waste and recycling hauling services to Capitol Waste Services, Inc., effective July 1, 2025, moving away from previous hauler Republic Services. This change is expected to bring significant financial savings and improved service reliability. The switch also follows a Special Town Meeting vote to adopt automated waste collection."], ["20250701", "Wabtec Corporation announced the completion of its acquisition of Evident\u2019s Inspection Technologies division for $1.78 billion. This acquisition is expected to strengthen Wabtec\u2019s Digital Intelligence business, enhance customer productivity and safety, and accelerate profitable growth by expanding into new high-growth markets. It is also projected to double Wabtec's total addressable market to $16 billion and be accretive to key financial metrics."], ["20250630", "The Texas Supreme Court has reversed a $90 million verdict against Werner Enterprises, dismissing a lawsuit stemming from a 2014 accident. Werner maintained the accident was non-preventable, a stance upheld by the Supreme Court, which ruled that Werner and its driver were \"a mere happenstance of place and time.\" This decision is seen as a significant victory for the trucking industry against \"jackpot justice\" litigation."], ["20250630", "ONEOK, Inc. (NYSE: OKE) has scheduled its second quarter 2025 earnings release for after market close on August 4, 2025. A conference call and webcast for investors will follow on August 5, 2025, at 11 a.m. Eastern Time. The call will provide details on the company's financial performance and be accessible via phone and a live webcast on ONEOK's website."], ["20250630", "NextNRG, Inc. has signed a letter of intent to acquire ReFuel Mobile, a prominent Canadian mobile fueling company, marking NextNRG's entry into international markets. ReFuel Mobile, based in Ontario, specializes in direct-to-vehicle and direct-to-equipment fuel delivery, serving commercial and industrial clients, and has shown exceptional growth with 1,166% three-year revenue growth. This acquisition is expected to boost NextNRG's recurring revenue and support its expansion across Canada and potentially into other international markets."], ["20250630", "NRG Energy (NRG) shares closed down 1.28% in the latest trading session, underperforming the broader market gains from the S&P 500, Dow, and Nasdaq. Despite recent monthly gains for the stock, analysts predict a decline in its upcoming EPS and revenue compared to the previous year, though full-year forecasts are positive. The company currently holds a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) and is trading at a premium valuation compared to its industry average."], ["20250630", "enCore Energy has significantly improved its operational performance, doubling daily uranium production to over 3,700 pounds and reducing cash costs by 20% to $32 per pound. These achievements, alongside a strengthened balance sheet from a $20 million asset sale and favorable Texas regulatory changes, position the company for sustained growth. The Upper Spring Creek satellite plant, acquiring its radioactive materials license, is expected to launch by early 2026, further expanding enCore's production capacity."], ["20250630", "Core Natural Resources has announced a delay in the restart of its Leer South longwall mine. The company, formerly known as Consol Energy, did not immediately provide details on the reasons or duration of the delay. This news comes from a brief article in the Pittsburgh Business Times."], ["20250630", "BW LPG India has partnered with The Akshaya Patra Foundation to support sustainable energy initiatives in school kitchens across India, focusing on clean energy and reducing emissions. The collaboration includes installing LPG-powered industrial cooking machines and converting boilers, with financial commitments exceeding Rs 5.55 crore for FY 2025-26 and continued funding for several years. This initiative aims to improve kitchen efficiency, ensure nutritious meals for children, and promote sustainable kitchen operations."], ["20250630", "Around 160 workers at Peabody's Metropolitan Coal Mine in Helensburgh, NSW, have been locked out after a single one-hour stoppage, with the lockout extended to nearly three weeks without pay. This aggressive action by Peabody, aimed at pressuring workers during enterprise bargaining, follows previous instances where the company used similar tactics. The article criticizes the Mining and Energy Union (MEU) for \"woefully inadequate\" pay claims that have resulted in significant real-wage cuts for workers over the past five years and argues that the Fair Work Act is stacked against workers, advocating for independent rank-and-file committees to fight for improved conditions and wages."], ["20250630", "A U.S. judge has ordered Argentina to transfer its 51% stake in oil and gas company YPF to partially satisfy a $16.1 billion judgment. The decision, which Argentina's President Javier Milei vowed to appeal, instructs Argentina to transfer the shares within 14 days to BNY Mellon. This ruling is a significant blow to Argentina, which is grappling with high inflation and a need to build foreign currency reserves."], ["20250630", "Tenaris has commenced construction on a 94.5-MW wind farm in Argentina. The project is focused on onshore wind development and represents a significant investment in renewable energy within Latin America. This initiative highlights Tenaris's commitment to expanding its green energy footprint."], ["20250630", "Motion and control products maker Parker-Hannifin has agreed to acquire Curtis Instruments for $1 billion from Rehlko, aiming to expand its electric and industrial vehicle technology portfolio. Curtis Instruments manufactures motor speed controllers and traction systems for various vehicles, complementing Parker's existing offerings. This all-cash deal is expected to close by the end of 2025 and is viewed by analysts as a strategic move towards secular growth themes, similar to aerospace expansion."], ["20250630", "Ecovyst Inc. announced the release of its 2024 Sustainability Report, highlighting progress towards sustainability goals, including HSES, greenhouse gas emissions, energy, water, and waste results. The report emphasizes the company's role in developing cleaner technologies and sustainable fuels, and outlines its 2025 and 2030 sustainability targets. Ecovyst's CEO, Kurt J. Bitting, noted the company's continuous improvement and industry-leading zero OSHA recordables injury rate in 2024."], ["20250630", "A US District Judge has ordered Argentina to surrender its 51% controlling stake in energy company YPF SA within two weeks to satisfy a $16 billion court judgment. This ruling is a significant setback for President Javier Milei, especially ahead of upcoming midterm elections, and benefits litigation funding firm Burford Capital, which represents former YPF shareholders."], ["20250630", "Southwest Airlines Co. CEO Bob Jordan announced that more changes are forthcoming for the company. He noted that since the pandemic, there has been an increased customer demand for premium services. Jordan discussed recent shifts in company strategy with a Dallas TV station on June 25th, highlighting the airline's distinctiveness among major domestic carriers."], ["20250630", "Northern States Power Company, a subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc., has filed for a 15% electric rate increase in South Dakota, aiming for a net annual increase of $44 million. The company seeks to implement the new rates by January 1, 2026, which would result in an average annual residential bill increase of 3% over a decade. This filing follows other recent financial activities, including a bond issuance and executive appointments."], ["20250630", "Consumers Energy has launched \"My Personalized Offerings,\" a new tool designed to help customers save money and energy by providing tailored resources. This platform matches customers with payment assistance, energy-saving programs, and usage management tools based on their individual household needs. Customers can access these personalized solutions, including smart thermostat programs, budget plans, and instant rebates on energy-efficient products, by logging into their account on ConsumersEnergy.com/Offers."], ["20250630", "Obsidian Energy has withdrawn its three-year growth plan, now aiming to keep production flat at around 29,000 BOEPD due to the current oil pricing environment. This revised strategy will allow the company to allocate more funds towards share repurchases and debt reduction. The value of its stake in InPlay Oil has recovered, and recent Peace River development has shown positive results."], ["20250630", "Rehlko has reached a definitive agreement to sell its Curtis Instruments business to Parker Hannifin Corporation for approximately $1 billion in cash. This transaction supports Rehlko's strategic focus on energy resilience solutions and allows both companies to pursue independent growth strategies. The deal is expected to close by the end of 2025, with both organizations expressing confidence in the benefits of this strategic move."], ["20250630", "Navigator Holdings Ltd. (NYSE: NVGS) has been included in the Russell 3000 and Russell 2000 indexes, effective June 30, 2025. This inclusion, which recognizes the company's strong earnings growth and operational reliability, aims to expand its shareholder base and improve trading liquidity. CEO Mads Peter Zacho highlighted the significance of this milestone for the liquefied gas transportation leader."], ["20250630", "This article provides an analysis of TMD ENERGY LTD (TMDE) stock, including its current price, key statistics, and performance overview. It highlights the company's profile as a marine gas and fuel oil supplier, its operational areas in Malaysia, and its technical and fundamental ratings from ChartMill. The article also lists competitors in the Oil & Gas Storage & Transportation sub-industry and recent news."], ["20250630", "Ramaco Resources, Inc. announced that it will release updated information, including preliminary economics, for its Brook Mine Rare Earth and Critical Minerals Project on July 1, 2025, before 9 am Eastern Standard Time. The company, known for metallurgical coal, discovered a major deposit of primary magnetic rare earths and critical minerals at its Wyoming mine in 2023. Ramaco also operates a carbon research facility and holds numerous patents related to advanced carbon products from coal."], ["20250630", "Methanex Corporation has finalized its acquisition of OCI Global\u2019s international methanol business, a deal first announced in September 2024. The acquisition includes methanol facilities in Texas and the Netherlands, along with a low-carbon methanol production business, for approximately $1.2 billion in cash, 9.9 million Methanex common shares, and the assumption of $450 million in debt. This strategic move aims to integrate the new assets smoothly, maintain stable operations, and realize strategic benefits."], ["20250630", "Core Natural Resources (NYSE: CNR) has provided an update on its Leer South mine's longwall operations following a January combustion event. While re-entry and inspection initially showed equipment in good condition, elevated carbon monoxide levels necessitated a temporary resealing of the affected area. The company is now working with regulatory officials, anticipating longwall repositioning and restart within four months, and reiterating its 2025 coking coal sales guidance with expected insurance recoveries over $100 million."], ["20250630", "LiveWire (LVWR) experienced a significant stock price fluctuation in May-June 2025, rising from $1.01 to $7.48 per share without apparent public news. SEC filings reveal multiple resignations of key personnel, including the CFO and a lead independent director, and a substantial sell-off of shares by executives and board members, prompting questions about the company's future despite their retained holdings. The article highlights a discrepancy between the stock's performance and the lack of positive public announcements, coupled with insider selling."], ["20250630", "The Oregon Legislature has passed several bills that will significantly impact investor-owned utilities like PGE, Pacific Power, and NW Natural, affecting their payment structures, rate increase requests, and funding for low-income programs. These new laws aim to incentivize utilities to meet climate goals through performance-based regulation, require economic impact statements for rate changes, and increase assistance for low-income customers. The legislation responds to concerns over rising utility costs and frequent disconnections, with some bills already signed into law."], ["20250630", "Aurora Innovation has launched regular driverless freight deliveries between Dallas and Houston using Class 8 trucks, marking a significant milestone in commercial self-driving services. The company completed over 1,200 miles without a driver for initial customers Uber Freight and Hirschbach Motor Lines. Aurora plans to expand this service to El Paso, Texas, and Phoenix, Arizona, by year-end, addressing challenges in the US trucking industry with autonomous solutions."], ["20250629", "This article examines the ownership structure of Old Dominion Freight Line, Inc. (NASDAQ:ODFL), highlighting that institutional investors hold 81% of the company's shares. Despite a 6.8% loss over the past year, recent gains likely please these institutional owners. The analysis also touches on insider and general public ownership, underscoring the significant influence institutions have on the company's share price and future trajectory."], ["20250629", "Vietnamese electric vehicle manufacturer VinFast has opened its second domestic factory in Ha Tinh, Vietnam, with an annual capacity of 200,000 units, aiming to boost production of affordable mini urban models. This expansion comes as the company faces delays in its global manufacturing plans, including its U.S. factory, despite ambitious goals to produce 1 million vehicles per year. VinFast reported a net loss of $712.4 million for Q1, but revenue jumped 150%, and it aims to deliver 200,000 cars in 2025."], ["20250629", "This article examines Xcel Energy's debt levels, noting a significant increase in total debt to US$31.2 billion by March 2025. Despite having US$1.14 billion in cash, the company's net debt stands at US$30.1 billion, and its liabilities significantly exceed its market capitalization, raising concerns about potential shareholder dilution. The analysis points to a high net debt to EBITDA ratio and weak interest coverage, compounded by a recent EBIT decline, suggesting a heavy debt load and increased risk for investors."], ["20250628", "U.S. gasoline prices are at their lowest in four years for the summer driving season, with regular gasoline averaging $3.19/gal nationally, $0.31 less than last year. Analysts expect prices to remain low despite Middle East unrest due to abundant supply. This article highlights the unexpected stability in fuel costs amid geopolitical tensions."], ["20250628", "Lakewood, Ohio, has experienced two power outages within a week, leading to frustration among residents and Mayor Meghan George. Mayor George has formally requested that the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio investigate FirstEnergy's \"persistent and disruptive power outages\" affecting the city's residents and businesses. Lakewood officials state that these repeated outages have disrupted daily life and endangered public safety."], ["20250627", "The Elbert County Board of Commissioners denied Xcel Energy's request to complete Segment 5 of their Power Pathway through the county, citing an incomplete application with insufficient fire mitigation proposals and considerations for human and animal health. Local commissioners emphasized that the transmission line would not benefit Elbert County residents and could devalue property, despite Xcel Energy's claims of tax revenue benefits. Xcel Energy plans to review the resolution and evaluate options, including seeking relief from the District Court or the Colorado Public Utilities Commission."], ["20250627", "Serve Robotics has launched its autonomous food delivery service in the Atlanta metropolitan area, partnering with Uber Eats. This expansion follows successful launches in other major US cities and is part of Serve's goal to deploy 2,000 AI-driven robots across the US by the end of 2025. The robots will deliver food from various local eateries to residents in Midtown, Old Fourth Ward, and Downtown Atlanta."], ["20250627", "Institutional investors, owning 72% of Transocean Ltd. (NYSE:RIG), are facing significant losses after a recent US$417 million market cap drop, adding to a 51% one-year decline. This substantial institutional ownership means they have considerable influence over the company's share price and may be pressured to sell if losses continue, potentially impacting individual investors. The company's largest shareholder is Perestroika AS with 10%, while insiders also hold shares worth US$38 million."], ["20250627", "Royal Caribbean Group has secured financing for Celebrity Cruises' sixth Edge-class ship, scheduled for delivery in the fourth quarter of 2028 from Chantiers de l'Atlantique. The 12-year, US dollar-denominated term loan is fully guaranteed by France's BpiFrance Assurance Export and will accrue interest at a floating rate of Term SOFR plus 0.85% per annum. This new vessel will be a sister ship to the Celebrity Xcel, expected earlier in 2025."], ["20250627", "Josh Adams, an engineering manager for NextEra Energy Resources, travels extensively across the U.S. to help develop battery energy storage projects. He engages with local communities to guide these projects through the approval process, emphasizing their importance for grid reliability, stability, and reducing reliance on fossil fuels. Adams, an Oregon native, highlights how these systems prevent energy waste and support local communities through tax revenue."], ["20250627", "Hertz is implementing AI technology from UVeye to detect damage on rental cars, leading to increased scrutiny and charges for customers. While Hertz claims this technology enhances transparency and efficiency in damage claims, a recent incident at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport has sparked controversy over high charges for minor damage. The article questions whether AI-driven damage detection is a clever innovation or an overreach that could alienate customers."], ["20250627", "Firefly Aerospace is progressing with the production of its next-generation launch vehicle, Eclipse, in collaboration with Northrop Grumman, and developing its second Blue Ghost mission to the Moon. The company also introduced Ocula, a new commercial lunar imaging service designed to provide lunar surface mapping, mineral detection, and reconnaissance. Eclipse, based on the Antares rocket and featuring Miranda engines, is expected to have a substantial payload capacity, while Ocula will operate from the Elytra Dark orbiter."], ["20250627", "Enovix Corporation (ENVX) shares surged over 20% after news broke that Senate lawmakers are considering gentler cuts to clean energy tax credits than previously proposed. This development is favorable for battery manufacturers like Enovix, which benefit from incentives under the Inflation Reduction Act designed to boost domestic production. The article suggests that while ENVX shows potential, some AI stocks may offer higher returns with limited downside risk."], ["20250627", "Williams, a Tulsa-based pipeline firm, has priced a public offering of $1.5 billion in senior notes. The company plans to use the proceeds to repay near-term debt maturities and for general corporate purposes. The offering includes two tranches of senior notes due in 2030 and 2035."], ["20250627", "The Texas Supreme Court has reversed a $100 million jury verdict against Werner Enterprises, stemming from a 2014 fatal crash. The court ruled that the Werner driver was not at fault, concluding that the accident was caused by the pickup truck losing control and veering into oncoming traffic. This decision was lauded by the American Trucking Associations as a victory against abusive litigation."], ["20250627", "A significant Oregon transportation bill, HB 2025, has been sent back to committee after failing to gain bipartisan support in the House of Representatives. Republican Rep. Greg Smith expressed opposition to the proposed 15-cent gas tax increase, advocating instead for a 3-cent increase dedicated solely to county and city road preservation and maintenance, along with improved accountability for the Oregon Department of Transportation. Negotiations are ongoing to achieve bipartisan consensus before the legislative session ends on Sunday."], ["20250627", "Hawaiian Airlines, recently acquired by Alaska Air Group, is currently addressing a cybersecurity event impacting some of its IT systems. Despite the attack, the airline confirmed that passenger travel and flight operations remain unaffected. This incident follows Alaska Air Group's $1.9 billion acquisition of Hawaiian Airlines in September 2024, a deal that had shown early financial benefits for the parent company."], ["20250627", "OCI Global has completed the sale of its Global Methanol Business to Methanex Corporation for $1.6 billion. The transaction involved $1.3 billion in cash and 9.9 million Methanex shares, giving OCI a 12.9% stake and making it Methanex's second-largest shareholder. OCI plans to return up to $1 billion to shareholders through 2025 and early 2026, with the first tranche of $700 million expected by September 5, 2025."], ["20250627", "This article compares two major U.S. power companies, NextEra Energy (NEE) and NRG Energy (NRG), to determine which offers better investment potential. It analyzes their earnings growth projections, dividend yields, Return on Equity (ROE), debt-to-capital ratios, valuation, and price performance. The conclusion suggests NRG Energy currently has a marginal edge due to better growth forecasts, momentum, value, and higher ROE, despite both holding a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold)."], ["20250627", "The Texas Tech University System and Fermi America are partnering to build an $11 billion Advanced Energy and Intelligence Campus near Amarillo, which will be the world's largest AI energy campus. This project aims to power 18 million square feet of AI data centers using multiple energy sources, including nuclear, solar, wind, and natural gas. The initiative seeks to address growing energy demands for AI, enhance U.S. competitiveness in technology, and provide significant academic and workforce opportunities for the region."], ["20250627", "Turbo Energy, S.A. held its 2025 Annual General Meeting, where shareholders approved the election of eight Board members, ratified two independent accounting firms (TAAD, LLP and Grant Thornton, SLP), and approved annual accounts and management reports. The company also authorized its Board to increase share capital and issue bonds, demonstrating a focus on financial flexibility and continued growth in the photovoltaic energy storage sector. These resolutions reflect Turbo Energy's ongoing commitment to governance, transparency, and innovation, particularly with its SUNBOX solar energy storage system."], ["20250627", "Firefighters in North Las Vegas responded to a fire at a Republic Services \"compactor solution center\" on Friday morning. The fire, which started around 5:07 a.m., involved a section of a conveyor belt system and trash. Crews quickly extinguished the blaze and are addressing hot spots, with no injuries reported."], ["20250627", "A shareholder resolution requests Microsoft to report on the climate and financial risks associated with providing advanced technology, including AI and machine learning, to facilitate oil and gas development. Despite Microsoft's climate commitments to be carbon-negative by 2030, the company is a global leader in providing technological platforms for new oil and gas production projects, which carries significant reputational and legal risks for both Microsoft and its investors. The resolution aims to increase transparency regarding Microsoft's climate impact and exposure to climate-related financial risk."], ["20250627", "A judge is set to decide on July 2nd whether New York can send low-level radioactive waste from the creation of the first atomic bomb to a landfill in Van Buren Township, Metro Detroit. Canton Township and other communities have filed a lawsuit to prevent these shipments, citing public health concerns, the presence of critical freshwater resources, and the inadequacy of current waste disposal guidelines and technologies. Local officials are advocating for increased \"tipping fees\" for waste disposal and for Michigan to cease accepting out-of-state radioactive waste to protect its residents and environment."], ["20250626", "XPeng Inc. (XPEV) stock dipped over 6% to $18.03, despite strong year-to-date and one-year returns, as investors reacted to broader market weakness and regulatory scrutiny of China\u2019s auto export practices. The company denied involvement in \"zero-mileage\" used car export schemes, which could give it a strategic advantage with tightening regulations. Analysts maintain a positive outlook for XPeng, projecting a potential 34% upside and a \"Hold\" rating, with attention now turning to upcoming earnings to affirm growth expectations."], ["20250626", "NextNRG, an AI-driven energy infrastructure provider, has partnered with Hudson Sustainable Group to accelerate the development and deployment of solar, battery storage, microgrid, and EV charging projects. Hudson, a global renewable energy investor, will provide capital and co-development support, gaining priority access to NextNRG's projects. In turn, NextNRG will access investment opportunities led by Hudson in areas like fleet electrification and data center energy resiliency, establishing a scalable capital framework for long-term infrastructure expansion."], ["20250626", "Leap and National Grid are expanding their collaboration to Massachusetts, building on a successful pilot in New York, to integrate virtual power plants (VPPs) in selected National Grid facilities. This initiative leverages Leap's software to enable National Grid office buildings to participate in Massachusetts' Clean Peak Standard and ConnectedSolutions programs, reducing electricity usage during peak demand and contributing to grid resilience and decarbonization. National Grid Partners, the utility's venture investment arm, is an investor in Leap, underscoring the strategic importance of this partnership for accelerating the energy transition."], ["20250626", "Tanner Roberts, an Enid native with deep family roots in Oklahoma's agricultural history, is now leading community engagement for NextEra Energy Resources in the state. He connects innovative energy projects with local communities, ensuring generational benefits like tax support for schools, and views wind energy as a symbol of Oklahoma's resilience. Roberts actively participates in community initiatives, seeing his work as a blend of his heritage and the state's energy future."], ["20250626", "Brian Levitt, Chief Global Market Strategist at Invesco, discusses the psychological trap of pessimism aversion and encourages investors to contextualize current global challenges. He highlights market optimism regarding a potential recession, the US's record oil production, and stable long-term inflation expectations despite tariffs. Levitt emphasizes the importance of Federal Reserve independence and the opportunities present in international small- and mid-sized businesses."], ["20250626", "Ivanhoe Electric has chosen Railveyor Technologies Global Inc. for its Santa Cruz Copper Project in Arizona, marking a significant step towards sustainable and low-carbon mining. The project aims to be an industry leader with 70% renewable energy use and an 87% reduction in CO\u2082e emissions compared to the industry average, primarily due to Railveyor's electric and autonomous haulage system. This partnership highlights how advanced technology and renewable integration can create economically viable and environmentally responsible resource extraction crucial for the clean energy transition."], ["20250626", "Ford has been recognized with the most honors of any brand in the 2025 J.D. Power Initial Quality Study. This achievement highlights the company's commitment to quality and customer satisfaction across its vehicle lineup. The awards signify strong performance in initial vehicle quality."], ["20250626", "Enphase Energy (ENPH) stock surged nearly 13%, leading S&P 500 gainers, due to reports that Congress might not cut federal tax incentives for residential rooftop solar installations. Rivals Sunrun, SolarEdge Technologies, and First Solar also saw gains. This recovery comes after solar stocks previously plummeted when a House bill and subsequent Senate discussions suggested the removal of clean energy tax credits by 2029."], ["20250626", "Universidad Cat\u00f3lica has unveiled the modern and sustainable lighting system at their new Claro Arena stadium, featuring a renewable energy plant with solar panels. Club president Juan Tagle announced that while some work remains, they are intensively preparing for the official opening on July 27th for a match against Coquimbo Unido, with August 10th as a backup date. The stadium's energy system is designed to be 100% renewable through a partnership with Enel and its own solar generation."], ["20250626", "The \uc0c8\ub85c\uc6b4 Claro Arena in Chile, home to Club Deportivo Universidad Cat\u00f3lica, is set to become Latin America's first 100% sustainable stadium, powered by renewable energy solutions from Enel X and Enel Generaci\u00f3n. This initiative includes 400 solar panels and a contract for 100% certified renewable energy, significantly reducing CO2 emissions. The stadium will also feature electric vehicle chargers, highlighting a commitment to sustainable infrastructure and electromobility."], ["20250626", "The Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts has removed BlackRock Inc. from its list of companies that boycott the oil and gas industry. This change follows BlackRock's withdrawal from climate initiatives and an increase in funds allocated to oil and gas investments. Texas financial agencies, which were previously required to divest from BlackRock, can now resume their investments in the firm."], ["20250626", "KBRA has assigned ratings to SSI ABS-2025-1 Issuer, LLC for a commercial and industrial (C&I) solar Asset-Backed Securities (ABS) transaction. This transaction is backed by future project revenues from a portfolio of C&I, utility-scale, and community solar PV systems. Standard Solar, Inc., acquired by Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. in 2022, owns and operates these systems."], ["20250626", "American Rebel Holdings, Inc. announced that its American Rebel Light Beer title sponsorship of the American Rebel Light Virginia NHRA Nationals exceeded expectations. During the event, American Rebel Light outsold the top two national brands at Virginia Motorsports Park and gained significant exposure through trackside signage, brand integrations, and FOX broadcast mentions. CEO Andy Ross and Beverage President Todd Porter highlighted the positive impact on brand visibility, distributor interest, and potential expansion into new markets like Virginia."], ["20250626", "Elon Musk's longtime aide, Omead Afshar, has reportedly been fired from Tesla Inc. just days after publicly praising Musk's robotaxi initiative. Afshar's departure coincides with a significant slump in Tesla's new vehicle sales in Europe and increasing turbulence within the EV industry. This news follows previous internal scrutiny and investigations involving Afshar in 2022 and 2023."], ["20250626", "SM Energy Company (NYSE: SM) announced that its Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per share of common stock. The dividend is set to be paid on August 4, 2025, to stockholders of record as of July 18, 2025. The company specializes in the acquisition, exploration, development, and production of crude oil, natural gas, and NGLs in Texas and Utah."], ["20250626", "Diamondback Energy, Inc. announced it will release its second quarter 2025 financial results on August 4, 2025, after market close. The company will hold a conference call and webcast on August 5, 2025, at 8:00 a.m. CT to discuss these results with investors and analysts. Diamondback Energy is an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the Permian Basin."], ["20250626", "Diamondback Energy (NASDAQ: FANG) has announced that it will release its second quarter 2025 financial results on August 4, 2025, after market close. The company will host a conference call and webcast on August 5, 2025, at 8:00 a.m. CT to discuss these results. Investors and analysts can access the live webcast and replay through Diamondback's investor relations website."], ["20250626", "DXC Technology has opened a new office in Farnborough, UK, which will serve as its dedicated Aerospace and Defense Hub. This move is part of DXC's broader growth strategy, following a recent Toronto office opening, and aims to foster innovation and collaboration with customers in the sector. The company plans to create local job opportunities, including for armed forces veterans, reservists, and early-career professionals through its UKI Academic Programme."], ["20250626", "Wall Street analysts are concerned about United Airlines' upcoming second-quarter earnings, primarily due to operational issues at its Newark Liberty International Airport hub. Communication problems and a runway closure at Newark in the late spring are expected to negatively impact the airline's profitability. United Airlines is set to report its earnings in mid-July."], ["20250626", "Ivanhoe Electric has chosen Railveyor Technologies Global Inc. as its preferred haulage solution provider for the Santa Cruz Copper Project in Arizona. This partnership will bring sustainable, efficient, and fully electrified material haulage to the project, contributing to low-carbon development strategies and an anticipated 70% reliance on renewable energy. The Railveyor system is projected to reduce mine-wide emissions by up to 39% and operational costs by as much as 75% compared to traditional diesel trucks, aiming to establish Santa Cruz as a leading example of responsibly produced copper in the US."], ["20250626", "ESS Tech Inc. has achieved significant technical milestones, dramatically improving its iron flow long-duration energy storage systems. Innovations include a new material substitution resulting in 12.2-hour duration at rated power and 17.8-hour duration at reduced power, higher round trip efficiency, and enhanced durability. These advancements accelerate product roadmap timelines by 18 months, reduce material costs for ESS, and provide customers with more energy and lower operating costs, moving the company closer to delivering green baseload power."], ["20250626", "Indonesia is becoming a significant player in the refined copper market, attracting substantial investment in smelting operations, similar to its success in nickel. This growth is driven by increasing global demand for copper, particularly from the electric vehicle (EV) and energy transition sectors. New facilities from PT Freeport and PT Amman Mineral are set to significantly boost Indonesia's output of copper cathode, a key component for EV batteries."], ["20250626", "The article argues that while Exxon Mobil is a strong company and has performed well during recent global events, its stock offers \"limited upside\" according to the \"ALLKA 4D Rating\" model. The author notes that falling oil prices due to geopolitical shifts might temper short-term earnings growth, though acquisitions and expanded production could provide some offset. The author questions whether the strong investor sentiment for Exxon Mobil is fully justified given its modest financial results."], ["20250626", "Energy Transfer LP has signed an incremental agreement with Chevron Corp., increasing Chevron\u2019s offtake from the planned Lake Charles LNG project to 3 million metric tons per annum (MMtpa) for 20 years. This expanded agreement highlights the growing demand for reliable, long-term LNG supply and follows recent lifted Biden-era restrictions by the Department of Energy on export commencement deadlines for LNG projects, allowing Energy Transfer to refile for export authorization."], ["20250626", "NextEra Energy is presented as a strong buy due to its hybrid business model, combining stable regulated utility income with rapid renewable energy growth. The company boasts a 29-year record of dividend growth with a 10% CAGR, justifying its premium valuation and positioning it as a core holding for income and growth in volatile markets. The article emphasizes NextEra's robust earnings and extensive renewables backlog."], ["20250626", "enCore Energy Corp. announced record uranium extraction rates from its Alta Mesa In-Situ Recovery Uranium Central Processing Plant in South Texas, with daily captures exceeding 3,000 pounds and peaking at 3,705 pounds on June 20, 2025. The company also commended Texas for passing legislation to promote nuclear energy and streamline uranium recovery permitting. Wellfield development at Alta Mesa and Upper Spring Creek projects is continuing at an accelerated rate to support increased production."], ["20250626", "Beam Global has partnered with Platinum Group to form Beam Middle East LLC, a joint venture aimed at manufacturing and selling sustainable infrastructure solutions across the Middle East and Africa. This collaboration seeks to capitalize on the region's projected $75.6 billion investment in sustainable infrastructure by 2030, leveraging Platinum Group's local expertise and Beam Global's patented technologies. The venture will focus on transportation electrification, energy security, and smart city development, operating from Masdar City in Abu Dhabi."], ["20250626", "FedEx Corp's full-year operating income decreased by 6.2% due to a significant fall in earnings and revenues from its FedEx Freight division. Despite headwinds affecting Freight, the FedEx Express division saw improved margins thanks to transformation programs. The company faces ongoing uncertainty in US trade policy, which prevents a full-year forecast."], ["20250626", "Entergy Texas has proposed two major transmission projects, SETEX and Cypress to Legend, to address the increasing demand for electricity due to population growth in Southeast Texas. These projects aim to enhance grid capacity, improve reliability, and support economic development and are expected to be in service by 2028 and 2029 if approved by the Public Utility Commission of Texas. The initiatives are part of Entergy Texas\u2019 broader Southeast Texas Energy Plan (STEP Ahead) to ensure a resilient and affordable energy supply for the region."], ["20250625", "ZIM Integrated Shipping Services reported a significant surge in net income to US$295 million for Q1 2025, despite a decrease in dividend payout to US$0.74 per share. While the company's stock saw a modest 1.43% price increase over the last quarter, its annual total shareholder return of 15.62% positively contrasts with the shipping industry's general decline. Future challenges include projected revenue decline due to new port charges and trade disputes, as analysts forecast a 16.9% annual revenue drop over the next three years."], ["20250625", "Surf Air Mobility (SRFM) saw a significant stock price increase of 46.1%, rising by $1.66 to $5.26. Analysts project an average target price of $6.42, indicating a potential upside of 36.52%, and have an \"Outperform\" recommendation. The company reported strong Q1 revenue of $23.5 million, secured additional funding, and expanded its reach through an interline agreement with Japan Airlines, despite facing operational challenges and capital constraints from unprofitable routes and a brief service interruption."], ["20250625", "SolarEdge Technologies carries a significant debt load of US$671.9m against US$651.6m in cash, resulting in net debt of US$20.2m. The company's liabilities exceed its cash and near-term receivables by US$820.1m, a substantial amount compared to its US$1.12b market capitalization. With a current EBIT loss of US$1.3b and revenue falling by 59% to US$917m, the company's financial health appears strained, indicating high investment risk."], ["20250625", "FedEx achieved better-than-expected quarterly results despite tariff challenges, largely due to its Drive cost-cutting initiative, which eliminated $4 billion in structural costs. The company plans an additional $1 billion in savings by consolidating networks and optimizing operations. Although Freight revenue declined and first-quarter guidance was mixed, FedEx's flexible air network and strategic adjustments to trade flows helped mitigate uncertainty and boost international air cargo revenue."], ["20250625", "FTI Consulting advised Franklin Advisers, the largest debt holder in Chesapeake Energy with over $2.1 billion, during the company's restructuring and Chapter 11 bankruptcy. FTI's financial advisory services, including business plan analysis, reserve evaluation, and DIP budget review, helped Franklin Advisers negotiate the post-reorganization capital structure and navigate a contested confirmation hearing. The engagement ensured sufficient funding during bankruptcy and provided crucial insights into long-term value and commodity price impact."], ["20250625", "Cheniere Energy (LNG) announced a Final Investment Decision (FID) on its Corpus Christi Midscale Trains 8 & 9 and Debottlenecking Project, expanding its LNG export capacity by approximately 5 million tonnes per annum (mtpa). This expansion is projected to increase Cheniere's overall LNG platform to over 60 mtpa by 2028. Additionally, Cheniere updated its financial outlook through 2030, planning to increase its annualized dividend from $2.00 to $2.22 per common share for Q3 2025 and deploying over $25 billion for growth, share repurchases, and dividends."], ["20250625", "BRP has opened its first European flagship store in Paris, located at 8 Boulevard du Montparnasse and operated in partnership with Canadian Motors. The store highlights BRP's electric innovation, featuring the new Can-Am Pulse and Can-Am Origin electric motorcycles, alongside its three-wheel lineup. Designed as a retail, demo, and brand experience center, it aims to expand BRP's market presence in Europe, with the electric models offering accessible urban commuting options."], ["20250625", "This article ranks the top 10 solar energy companies globally, highlighting their contributions to solar technology and electricity generation. It details each company's CEO, founding year, headquarters, and key achievements or specializations in the solar industry, including shipped capacity, deployed inverters, and technological advancements. The piece emphasizes the significant growth of solar energy and the role these companies play in its continued expansion."], ["20250625", "Baytex Energy (BTE) has been identified as one of the top 10 undervalued energy sector stocks on the Toronto Stock Exchange. The classification is based on Stockcalc's valuation methodology, which determines the intrinsic worth of a company. The article provides a table listing several undervalued energy stocks, including their current price, valuation, and other financial metrics."], ["20250625", "Mullen Automotive announced it will accept cryptocurrency, including Bitcoin and the $TRUMP meme coin, for its commercial electric vehicles, such as the Mullen ONE, Mullen THREE, and Bollinger B4 Chassis Cab. This move positions Mullen as one of the few automakers to embrace crypto payments, aiming to broaden its customer base despite potential market volatility risks associated with cryptocurrency. On the day of the announcement, Mullen's stock (MULN) declined by 10.89%."], ["20250625", "The Ohio Department of Transportation has awarded Bowling Green $500,000 for the realignment of Bishop Road and Nims Road. This project is crucial for the detailed design and right-of-way acquisition needed for a new $500 million Abbott Laboratories manufacturing facility. The funding is part of a larger state initiative to support transportation projects that foster economic development, job creation, and improved infrastructure across Ohio."], ["20250625", "Shell has denied reports from the Wall Street Journal that it was in early discussions to acquire British rival BP. A Shell spokesperson stated that no talks are taking place and the company remains focused on performance, discipline, and simplification rather than large acquisitions. This denial follows repeated assertions by Shell CEO Wael Sawan that the company has a high bar for big acquisitions, preferring share buybacks."], ["20250625", "CenterPoint Energy hosted its first Resiliency Technology Summit, collaborating with seven global tech leaders to enhance hurricane preparedness and response for its 2.8 million customers, especially in the 2025 hurricane season and beyond. The strategic partnerships will leverage AI tools, data analytics, and other advanced technologies to improve operations, identify system upgrades, and strengthen emergency response efforts. This initiative builds on the Greater Houston Resiliency Initiative, which has already implemented significant upgrades like stronger poles and increased automation to fortify the electric grid against extreme weather."], ["20250625", "Worksport Ltd. announced a pilot project with a major U.S. construction firm to evaluate its SOLIS solar tonneau cover and COR portable energy system. This collaboration, involving a fleet of over 1,000 trucks, aims to validate the performance of Worksport's clean energy solutions in real-world construction environments. The partnership is expected to provide critical feedback, inform future scaling, and potentially lead to larger orders, especially given the construction firm's ties to federal agencies."], ["20250625", "Con Edison has asked Brooklyn residents to conserve energy due to extreme heat and power outages. They have reduced voltage by 8% in affected areas like Brownsville and Flatbush. Approximately 3,000 customers were without power as crews worked to restore service."], ["20250625", "This article examines the hypothetical growth of a $1000 investment in Quanta Services (PWR) made ten years ago, highlighting its significant return compared to the S&P 500 and gold. It also provides an in-depth look at Quanta Services' business segments, recent restructuring, and analysts' optimistic outlook for the company despite potential headwinds."], ["20250625", "South Korea has launched an integrated real-time information system for power generation and consumption to improve adjustments and control of power sources. This system integrates data from various institutions to better monitor and control renewable energy output, which has significantly increased over the past decade. The ministry also plans to develop an AI-based power grid system to further enhance responses to the growing use of renewable energy."], ["20250625", "Largo Inc. reported significant improvements in its May 2025 production, with vanadium pentoxide (V\u2082O\u2085) output increasing by 75% and ilmenite concentrate by 65% compared to April. These gains are attributed to operational turnaround plans, including better access to ore and optimized resource recovery processes. The company maintains a positive outlook for June and expects to meet its 2025 V\u2082O\u2085 production guidance despite a default notice received from a counterparty regarding past deliveries."], ["20250625", "Cheniere Energy has approved the final investment decision for the expansion of its Corpus Christi liquefied natural gas project, which is expected to increase its LNG production capacity. The company aims to nearly double its current LNG production to 90 million metric tonnes per annum and plans to invest over $25 billion by 2030 for growth, share repurchases, and dividends. This expansion follows the gaining momentum in the U.S. LNG export sector after the moratorium on new permits was lifted."], ["20250625", "Valaris (VAL) is well-positioned to benefit from the multi-year offshore upcycle due to its large fleet and strategic approach to contracting. The company's strong balance sheet and currently undervalued stock contribute to a bullish outlook despite recent sector weakness. Its ARO joint venture with Saudi Aramco secures its presence in a critical and stable region."], ["20250625", "Garrett Motion introduces a new high-power density E-Powertrain concept, integrating an inverter, electric motor, and reducer into a compact system. This webinar details how their high-speed motor technology, capable of over 30,000 rpm, offers significant reductions in size, weight, and environmental impact for electric vehicles. It explores the benefits of this scalable solution for various EV platforms."], ["20250624", "Jefferies maintained its buy rating on United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (UAL) and increased its price target from $80 to $100. Despite this, the firm expects lower third-quarter earnings per share due to operational issues at Newark Airport and a policy of trading yields for load factors. Jefferies projects UAL's 2025 EPS to be $10, which is below the company's initial guidance."], ["20250624", "Hanwha Ocean has secured an order from Tsakos Energy Navigation for up to three VLCC newbuildings, marking an end to Tsakos's drought in VLCC ordering. The deal includes a provisional contract for two firm vessels and an option for a third. This development was reported by TradeWinds, a global shipping news source."], ["20250624", "The Cheyenne City Council approved over $250,000 to ensure SkyWest Airlines continues its service connecting Cheyenne and Denver, covering potential revenue shortfalls for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026. This agreement, vital for maintaining commercial air service, was part of several approvals including funding for economic development, various infrastructure projects, and city service agreements. The council also addressed community concerns regarding airport appearance and maintenance."], ["20250624", "Ring Energy (NYSE:REI) has partnered with Veriforce to enhance its contractor safety and compliance operations. This collaboration provides Ring Energy with a centralized solution for managing its growing network of contractors, including compliance management and expert-led workforce training like SafeLand and H2S awareness courses. The aim is to streamline oversight, improve safety verification, and free up internal personnel."], ["20250624", "This article identifies five top penny stocks under $2 with high growth potential for 2025, according to AI analysis and expert insights from Intellectia AI. The selected stocks are Denison Mines (DNN), Cardiol Therapeutics (CRDL), OS Therapies (OSTX), Peraso Inc. (PRSO), and HIVE Digital Technologies (HIVE), spanning sectors like energy, healthcare, technology, and finance. The analysis emphasizes the importance of thorough research, risk management strategies like stop-loss orders, and diversification when investing in volatile penny stocks."], ["20250624", "Jacobs and AtkinsR\u00e9alis have been appointed by National Highways in the U.K. as the Environmental and Sustainability Technical Partner. This joint venture will provide essential services to help National Highways reduce carbon emissions, enhance biodiversity, and improve climate resilience across England's road network. The three-year contract supports National Highways' goal to achieve net-zero emissions on motorways and major A-roads by 2050, leveraging the companies' combined expertise in sustainable infrastructure."], ["20250624", "Terrestrial Energy, a nuclear startup, has partnered with Ameresco to utilize natural gas as an interim power source for data centers and industrial plants before transitioning to small modular reactors (SMRs). This strategy aims to address the immediate need for steady electricity for data centers while nuclear SMR technology is still in development and regulatory processes. The deal involves Ameresco exploring about half a dozen projects, positioning gas as a \"bridge\" fuel to future nuclear power, giving Terrestrial Energy a potential edge in the competitive SMR market."], ["20250624", "Halliburton Company (HAL) saw its share prices drop by 6.78% due to a stabilization in oil prices following a ceasefire agreement between Israel and Iran. This ceasefire, announced by President Donald Trump, caused the oil and gas equipment and services sector to decline significantly. Despite this, Halliburton also secured a new contract from GeoFrame for geothermal and lithium extraction projects."], ["20250624", "FedEx reported strong fourth-quarter financial results driven by its profitability initiative, exceeding analyst expectations for EPS and revenue. However, the company issued cautious first-quarter guidance due to uncertain global demand, market volatility, and the expiration of its USPS contract. FedEx continues its \"Drive\" program to improve efficiency and is in the process of spinning off its FedEx Freight segment into a separate company."], ["20250624", "Solar stocks like First Solar (FSLR), Enphase Energy (ENPH), and Sunrun (RUN) experienced sharp declines due to uncertainty surrounding potential cuts to solar tax credits. While these credits are designed to make solar installations more affordable, the article suggests that high costs still limit widespread adoption, especially for residential systems. The author posits that the market's reaction might be overblown, presenting a potential bullish opportunity for investors who believe wealthy homeowners and businesses will continue to adopt solar regardless of tax credit changes."], ["20250624", "EOG Resources (NYSE:EOG) has announced it will host a conference call and webcast to discuss its second quarter 2025 financial results on Friday, August 8, 2025, at 9:00 AM Central time (10:00 AM Eastern time). The presentation will be accessible through the company's website on the Investors/Events & Presentations page, with a replay available for one year. Investors can contact Angie Lewis for additional information."], ["20250624", "The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) issued an emergency order allowing Duke Energy to temporarily exceed emissions limits at its power plants in the Carolinas during an anticipated heat wave. This measure, set to expire Wednesday at 10 p.m., aims to mitigate the risk of blackouts in the Southeast by enabling Duke to operate units that might otherwise be offline or limited by environmental permits due to high temperatures. Duke Energy said about 1,500 MW of its power plants in the Carolinas were already offline, and others might face limitations."], ["20250624", "ASP Isotopes Inc. (ASPI:NASDAQ) is undergoing significant transformations this month, marked by a 10-year HALEU supply agreement with TerraPower and the acquisition of helium firm Renergen. Canaccord Genuity Capital Markets analyst George Gianarikas rates ASPI as a \"Buy\" with an US$11 price target, highlighting the potential for substantial EBITDA growth from these ventures despite associated risks. The company aims to become a global supplier of critical materials in uranium, helium, and medical isotopes, with its uranium enrichment facility in South Africa expected to begin HALEU production by 2027."], ["20250624", "Gencor Industries Inc. offers rugged cold feed systems designed for durability in harsh conditions. These systems feature unique bin designs to prevent material bridging and offer various drive options for accurate flow rates. They are available in stationary, skidded, and portable configurations, with optional features for enhanced maintenance and capacity."], ["20250624", "LiveWire Group, the electric motorcycle company controlled by Harley-Davidson, is experiencing significant changes, including a recent departure from its board. The lead independent director, John Garcia, has resigned, raising questions about the company's future direction, leadership, and ownership amid ongoing financial losses. This development follows previous reports detailing LiveWire's substantial financial deficit in 2024."], ["20250624", "Italy's antitrust authority has imposed fines totaling over 32 million euros on energy company Eni and its bioplastics unit Novamont for abusing a dominant market position in the production of plastic bags. Novamont was fined 30.4 million euros for practices aimed at excluding competitors in the domestic market for raw materials used in light and ultra-light fruit and vegetable bags, a practice spanning from January 2018 to December 2023. Novamont has stated its strong disagreement with the decision and intends to challenge it in judicial proceedings, arguing its commercial practices safeguarded innovation and quality."], ["20250624", "Keith Richards, President and Chief Portfolio Manager at ValueTrend Wealth Management, shares his market outlook focusing on technical analysis and his top picks. He anticipates increased market volatility due to overbought conditions, seasonality, geopolitical conflicts, and tariffs, suggesting that the divergence between rising stocks and rising bond yields (Gator Jaws) will resolve through a falling stock market, rising bond market, or both. His top picks for navigating this environment are ARC Resources (ARX TSX), Global X Silver Miners ETF (SIL NYSEARCA), and Global X High Interest Savings ETF (CASH TSX), emphasizing commodities and cash for risk abatement."], ["20250624", "Tesla Inc. shares experienced a drop on Tuesday, giving back gains from the previous session's robotaxi launch. Despite an initial 8% surge due to the robotaxi rollout, which had been delayed, analysts noted chart resistance around $360 per share. This indicates that a long-term breakout might not be imminent for the stock."], ["20250624", "Con Edison has asked customers in New York to conserve energy due to an ongoing heatwave, which has led to an 8% voltage reduction in parts of eastern Brooklyn to protect equipment and ensure continued power supply. This heatwave is causing high temperatures of up to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit (37 degrees Celsius) in New York City, straining the power grid and driving up electricity prices significantly in New England and the PJM West hub."], ["20250624", "The author is downgrading VDE to a hold due to potential near-term downside from easing Middle East tensions and falling oil prices, despite its attractive valuation and high yield. Technical resistance and seasonal headwinds suggest caution, and while the ETF has strong liquidity, its concentrated portfolio and high volatility add risk. Investors are advised to book profits as consolidation or a pullback in the Energy sector is likely before further gains."], ["20250624", "Federal accident investigators have concluded that a midair door plug blowout on an Alaska Airlines flight was preventable, attributing the incident to inadequate training protocols at Boeing and insufficient FAA oversight of the company's manufacturing processes. The NTSB recommended improvements in Boeing's training, work tracking, and reporting systems, though it lacks enforcement authority. Both Boeing and the FAA acknowledged the need for change, with the FAA stating it has fundamentally altered its oversight of Boeing."], ["20250624", "Constellium SE received three prestigious awards at Airbus' 2025 Supply Chain & Quality Improvement Program (SQIP), celebrating excellence in quality, delivery performance, and industrial maturity. Their Issoire facility earned the \"Accredited Supplier\" award for the second year and a \"Sustainability Special Recognition\" for reducing water withdrawal. Additionally, the Montreuil-Juign\u00e9 site was honored as \"Best Improver\" for its significant progress in quality and supply chain contributions, reflecting Constellium's commitment to excellence and sustainability in the aerospace sector."], ["20250624", "Con Edison has requested New Yorkers to conserve energy due to extreme heat, impacting service reliability and causing power outages for nearly 2,000 customers. The company is actively reducing power in parts of Brooklyn and advises limiting the use of energy-intensive appliances and air conditioning during peak hours. This measure comes as an extreme heat warning is in effect for the tri-state area."], ["20250624", "Quanta Services (NYSE: PWR) stock reached an all-time high of $368.44, achieving a market capitalization of $54.2 billion and a 33.99% increase over the past year. Analysts from UBS, Goldman Sachs, Piper Sandler, and TD Cowen have raised their price targets for Quanta Services, citing strong market positioning and anticipated increases in infrastructure spending. The company also declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share."], ["20250624", "EuroHoldings (EHLD), a container shipping company, announced that a 51.04% majority stake has been sold to Marla Investments. Marla Investments is an entity affiliated with Greece's Latsis family. This sale marks a significant change in ownership for the company."], ["20250624", "IsoEnergy Ltd. has successfully closed a bought deal financing, raising C$51,215,000 through the sale of 5,121,500 common shares at C$10.00 each. The proceeds will fund the development and exploration of the Company's mineral properties and general corporate purposes. NexGen Energy Ltd. increased its ownership to approximately 30.9% by purchasing 1,200,000 Common Shares in the Offering."], ["20250624", "Ring Energy Inc., an oil and gas exploration and production company, has partnered with Veriforce for exclusive contractor management to streamline safety and compliance operations. This collaboration will help Ring Energy efficiently manage its contractor base and ensure critical safety training, such as SafeLand and Hydrogen Sulfide awareness courses, are met. The partnership aims to enhance safety oversight and improve operational efficiency as Ring Energy continues its significant expansion."], ["20250624", "Warren Buffett has historically been critical of the airline industry due to high capital intensity and low returns. However, this article argues that companies like Delta Air Lines and United Airlines are changing the industry narrative by consistently generating returns on invested capital that exceed their cost, thanks to diversified revenue streams, rational capacity management, and structural advantages. These changes suggest that Buffett's earlier criticisms may no longer fully apply to these specific carriers, making them attractive for long-term investors."], ["20250624", "PPL Corp (PPL) saw its Relative Strength (RS) Rating improve from 68 to 71 on Tuesday, indicating improved price performance. This upgrade highlights the utility company's upward momentum in a market where AI is transforming once-sleepy utilities into growth stories. The article also mentions previous upgrades and related news about PPL's strong position in the AI-driven utility sector."], ["20250624", "Brent Rhodes, Hub Group's chief accounting officer for over a year, is resigning to pursue other opportunities, effective June 27. Dennis Matthews, the current VP of internal audit, will succeed him as Chief Accounting Officer on June 30. This change follows several other C-suite transitions at Hub Group in recent years amidst a shortage of finance talent in the industry."], ["20250624", "Delta Utilities is taking over as the natural gas provider for New Orleans, acquiring Entergy New Orleans' natural gas business and Centerpoint Energy operations. The acquisition, which is expected to finalize in the coming weeks, will result in customers receiving two separate bills for electricity and natural gas. Concerns were raised by some advocates regarding potential rate increases and the environmental implications of a new fossil gas utility, though Delta Utilities has promised not to raise rates for 15 months."], ["20250624", "Exelon Corp (EXC) is attracting bullish options bets following an unusual spike in trading volume, indicating potential upside momentum despite recent struggles. The article highlights how Exelon has outperformed the utilities sector this year, with analysts suggesting that smart money may be bullish on the stock due to its essential service nature and recent technical rumblings. Statistical analysis of market breadth further supports a bullish outlook, with conditional probabilities pointing to a high chance of upside in the coming weeks."], ["20250623", "Worksport Ltd. announced record revenue of $1.28 million in May 2025, marking its second consecutive month of record sales. The company achieved a 25% improvement in gross margins, reaching nearly 23%, driven by higher-value products and operational efficiencies. With an expanded dealer network and anticipated launches of clean-tech products, Worksport projects approximately $20 million in revenue by year-end 2025, aiming for cash flow positivity and sustained profitability."], ["20250623", "Andrew Bennett, CEO of Driivz, discusses his career in emobility, the evolving EV charging landscape, and the future of software-enabled charging infrastructure. He highlights the importance of ease of use for EV drivers, ongoing consolidation in the charging market, and Driivz's focus on energy management and integrating solar and battery storage at charging sites."], ["20250623", "Antonio Filosa has taken the helm as CEO of Stellantis N.V. and immediately announced a new leadership team, effective June 23, 2025. This reorganization leverages the company's global talent pool, emphasizing product decision-making close to regional markets to better serve customer needs. The new team comprises experienced leaders aimed at driving Stellantis into its next era, with Filosa retaining his role as head of North America and American Brands."], ["20250623", "DTE Energy announced Joi Harris as its new CEO, making her the first woman and first African American to hold the position. Harris, currently chief operating officer, will begin her role on September 8, succeeding Jerry Norcia, who becomes executive board chairman. This appointment is the culmination of a multi-year succession plan, highlighting confidence in Harris's leadership for the company's future transformation."], ["20250623", "Zacks Equity Research has named Microvast (MVST) as its Bull of the Day, citing its strong growth in lithium-ion battery solutions, significant revenue surge, and path to profitability. Conversely, Akamai Technologies (AKAM) was designated the Bear of the Day due to its slow revenue growth (3-5%) and declining EPS estimates despite strong Q1 results, making it less appealing in the rapidly expanding \"AI Economy\" datacenter market. The article also touches on Abercrombie & Fitch Inc. (ANF) and its peers, American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) and Gap Inc. (GAP), discussing their challenges with rising costs and tariffs impacting gross margins."], ["20250623", "ArcelorMittal's \u20ac215 million Steelanol carbon capture and utilisation facility in Ghent, Belgium, is at risk of shutdown due to profitability issues caused by current EU regulations. The company states that new rules adopted after the plant's approval hinder the recognition of its bioethanol as a recycled fuel, making it difficult to deduct CO2 savings and achieve profitability. ArcelorMittal is engaging with policymakers to find solutions, emphasizing that the plant does reduce total CO2 emissions despite regulatory hurdles."], ["20250623", "JD.com has been recognized on Gartner's Supply Chain Top 25 for the second consecutive year, ranking 22nd globally, making it the only Chinese retailer on the list. This achievement highlights the company's significant investment in R&D, advanced technological implementations like autonomous operations and AI in logistics, and its commitment to building a green supply chain. JD.com's focus on efficiency, customer satisfaction with 24-hour delivery for 95% of orders in China, and its sustainable practices were key factors in this prestigious recognition."], ["20250623", "The CEO of Global Partners is urging Massachusetts Governor Maura Healey to reconsider the Mass Pike service plaza contract. The CEO claims the state is leaving \"almost a billion dollars on the table\" by choosing an Irish firm over the Waltham-based company. Global Partners had planned to work with Gensler to design and rebuild the service plazas."], ["20250623", "This article discusses the growing challenges in meeting energy demand due to political and economic uncertainty, extreme weather, and surging power requirements. Enbridge advocates for a diversified \"all-of-the-above\" energy strategy, emphasizing the critical role of natural gas alongside renewables to ensure grid stability and power essential industries. The company highlights its extensive energy infrastructure and experience in maintaining reliable energy flow in an increasingly complex environment."], ["20250623", "Con Edison is preparing for the first heat wave of 2025 in the New York City area. Company President Matthew Ketschke discussed how crews have worked to strengthen the electrical grid for the summer. This proactive approach aims to ensure reliability during periods of high demand caused by extreme heat."], ["20250623", "Canadian Natural Resources Ltd. (CNRL) is appealing a $278,000 fine for the deaths of over 400 birds at its Horizon oil sands site, a result of the company failing to prevent wildlife contact with toxic tailings. This incident highlights issues with environmental regulation and corporate responsibility, and the broader health risks posed by oil sands pollution to both ecosystems and nearby communities. The article emphasizes the need for stronger enforcement of environmental protections as tailings ponds also release pollutants linked to human health problems."], ["20250623", "California regulators have approved the Darden Clean Energy Project, set to become the world's largest solar and battery storage facility at 1,150 MW solar and 1,150 MW / 4,600 MWh battery storage. This article also covers other significant renewable energy developments in California, including a hydrogen + solar campus by Cadiz and Hoku Energy, and the expansion of San Jos\u00e9 Clean Energy's Solar Access Program. Additionally, it highlights Invenergy's new solar plant in Ohio and Terrasmart's solar canopy project for AdventHealth in Florida."], ["20250623", "Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) will host its 2025 Investor Day on November 4, 2025, in the Dallas area, featuring presentations from CEO Joe Creed and the executive leadership team. The event will focus on the company's strategic priorities and growth opportunities as it approaches its century milestone. Investors can access the event via live webcast and a replay will be available afterward."], ["20250623", "Kodiak Robotics has partnered with Michigan-based Roush Industries to establish a production line for autonomous truck technology. Roush will upfit trucks with Kodiak's driverless tech, with the first vehicles slated for Kodiak's customer, Atlas Energy Solutions, which has committed to a 100-truck order and is already operating four autonomous vehicles 24/7. This partnership aims to scale Kodiak's technology, producing tens of trucks this year and hundreds next year, leveraging Roush's expertise in adapting to diverse vehicle configurations."], ["20250623", "Cantor Fitzgerald has reiterated its Overweight rating and a $13.00 price target for Archer Aviation (NYSE: ACHR), emphasizing the company's strategic partnerships with entities like Anduril, the Department of Defense, United Airlines, and Stellantis as crucial for its commercialization efforts. The stock has seen significant momentum with a 174% return over the past year. Archer Aviation recently raised $850 million through a direct offering, strengthening its financial position to support manufacturing and certification, and successfully performed a piloted test flight of its Midnight aircraft."], ["20250623", "A study by Energy Innovation warns that President Donald Trump's proposed \"one, big, beautiful bill,\" which cuts clean energy tax credits, could result in an $87 billion hit to Texas's GDP by 2034 and the loss of about 120,000 jobs by 2035. The researchers contend that while the Senate Finance Committee has proposed some flexibility, the changes would not significantly mitigate the negative economic impact on the state's energy sector and consumers, who would face higher energy bills and gas prices. Texas, a hub for renewables, stands to be the \"biggest loser\" if the bill passes as written, leading to increased offshoring of manufacturing and reduced domestic investment."], ["20250623", "U.S. futures markets are rallying after President Donald Trump announced a \"ceasefire timeline\" for the conflict between Iran and Israel. However, Iran's Foreign Minister has refuted claims of a ceasefire, stating \"no agreement\" for cessation of military operations. Following news of the alleged ceasefire, crude oil prices plunged, impacting leading energy ETFs."], ["20250623", "CVR Partners (UAN) is presented as a valuable investment opportunity due to anticipated surges in fertilizer prices, particularly if geopolitical events in the Middle East disrupt European natural gas supplies. The company offers a strong 10% dividend yield and is seen as a stable operation with low correlation to the broader market. Even without such a price surge, CVR Partners is considered undervalued with robust cash flow, stable demand, and manageable debt, supporting its long-term investment appeal."], ["20250623", "DTE Energy has announced the election of Joi Harris as its new President and Chief Executive Officer, effective September 8, 2025. Current Chairman and CEO Jerry Norcia will transition to Executive Board Chairman. This leadership change follows a multi-year succession plan, recognizing Harris's 34 years of operational excellence and leadership within the company."], ["20250623", "Xcel Energy is facing opposition in Elbert County, Colorado, as it uses eminent domain to acquire land for a segment of its 550-mile Colorado Power Pathway transmission line. While most of the project's land acquisition has been smooth, 21 landowners in Elbert County are refusing access, leading Xcel to pursue court-ordered entry for 13 properties. Local officials and residents are concerned about the route's impact on their land and community, arguing that Xcel has not adequately addressed local concerns or explored alternative paths."], ["20250623", "Enbridge Inc. and Energy Transfer LP are exploring a new pipeline project, the Southern Illinois Connector, to increase crude oil transportation capacity from Flanagan, Illinois, to the US Gulf Coast. This initiative aims to move up to 200,000 barrels of Canadian oil sands production daily by upgrading existing systems and adding a new segment. The project is a direct response to industry demand for enhanced oil shipping capacity to US markets."], ["20250623", "Hertz's revenue is stable, but its net income is erratic due to failed EV investments, high debt, and fleet depreciation write-downs. The company's future success depends on reducing vehicle depreciation and implementing a disciplined, cost-focused strategy under its new CEO. Given significant debt, competition, and ongoing fleet challenges, the author rates Hertz a Hold, believing current fundamentals do not support its valuation."], ["20250623", "Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) stock has declined significantly year-to-date, raising questions for investors about buying the dip. The company faces headwinds such as economic uncertainties, Boeing production delays impacting fleet expansion, and increased labor costs. Despite these challenges, strong air travel demand, fleet modernization efforts, and a solid liquidity position offer some tailwinds, but analysts advise caution due to ongoing volatility and economic pressures."], ["20250623", "This article identifies three US market \"undiscovered gems\" with strong fundamentals: PrimeEnergy Resources (PNRG), Third Coast Bancshares (TCBX), and Sila Realty Trust (SILA). It highlights their operational strengths, financial health, and growth prospects, suggesting they offer unique opportunities for investors seeking potential growth and stability in a generally flat market. The companies span the energy, banking, and healthcare real estate sectors."], ["20250623", "Standard Lithium has announced the appointment of two new vice presidents: Daniel Rosen as VP of strategy and investor relations, and Tim Sobel as VP of health, safety, social and environment. These additions are part of the company's efforts to strengthen its capabilities as it moves towards the construction and production phase of its $1.3 billion lithium plant in Lafayette County with partner Equinor. The project, operated by Smackover Lithium, aims to start construction this year and deliver lithium hydroxide monohydrate by 2027."], ["20250623", "Occidental Petroleum, Exxon Mobil, and Chevron saw pre-market surges after crude oil prices hit five-month highs following reports of U.S. and Israeli military action against Iranian nuclear sites. Geopolitical tensions are contributing to a risk premium in oil markets, with Goldman Sachs predicting prices could reach $110 per barrel. The potential closure of the Strait of Hormuz by Iran, warned by U.S. Secretary of State Marco Rubio and Shell CEO Wael Sawan, poses a significant threat to global oil trade."], ["20250623", "The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. announced the election of Stevan Bobb and Jeffrey Songer to its Board of Directors, increasing the board to ten members. Both new directors bring extensive experience from the rail industry. Bobb, formerly of BNSF Railway, and Songer, previously with Kansas City Southern, are expected to contribute significantly to Greenbrier's strategic initiatives and profitability enhancements."], ["20250623", "China's UN envoy, Fu Cong, condemned the United States for conducting precision strikes on three Iranian nuclear facilities, stating these actions violated international law and Iran's sovereignty. The strikes, which involved B-2 Spirit bombers from Northrop Grumman Corp., aimed to destroy Iran's nuclear enrichment capacity, as announced by former President Donald Trump. China, with Russia and Pakistan, proposed an immediate ceasefire and civilian protection resolution, warning of escalating Middle East tensions and a blow to the international nuclear non-proliferation regime."], ["20250623", "Archrock Inc. (AROC) saw its stock decline by 2.33% to $24.36, underperforming the broader market despite overall market gains. Analysts anticipate significant year-over-year growth in earnings and revenue for Archrock's upcoming disclosure and the full fiscal year, with a current Zacks Rank of #4 (Sell). The company's valuation metrics, including a Forward P/E of 15.36 and a PEG ratio of 1.28, are in line with or favorable compared to its industry."], ["20250623", "Tigo Energy and BayWa r.e. are collaborating to enhance high-wattage Commercial and Industrial (C&I) solar installations in Thailand, focusing on supporting installers with new rapid shutdown requirements, deploying high-wattage modules, and ensuring Total Quality Solar (TQS). They will showcase their solutions, including Tigo TS4-X MLPE devices for high-irradiance regions, at the ASEAN Sustainable Energy Week 2025. BayWa r.e. will also invite installers to enroll in Tigo's Green Glove service program, which provides premium support for C&I system installations."], ["20250623", "Criminal court filings reveal DTE Energy employees directed funds from a dark money nonprofit, Michigan Energy First, to another group tied to a Michigan official, contradicting DTE's previous denials of involvement. The article details how a DTE executive facilitated a $100,000 donation using her DTE email, highlighting the porous boundary between DTE and MEF despite the utility's claims of separation. This situation mirrors other high-profile utility fraud cases involving dark money and has prompted calls for greater transparency in Michigan politics."], ["20250623", "|Golar LNG's FLNG Gimi has reached commercial operations for its 20-year lease agreement with BP at the Greater Tortue Ahmeyim (GTA) natural gas field, a significant milestone for Africa's deep offshore development. This achievement unlocks an estimated $3 billion in adjusted EBITDA backlog for Golar LNG, with LNG production volumes reaching approximately 2.4 million tonnes per annum. BP, as operator, and its partners are focused on delivering safe and reliable operations, while Golar LNG is accelerating plans for its next FLNG units."], ["20250622", "Three Canadian companies, Magna, Linamar, and Martinrea, have been recognized on Automotive News' list of the top 100 global suppliers. Magna, based in Aurora, Ont., recorded $42.83 billion in sales to automakers worldwide. The article highlights their significant presence and contribution to the global automotive supply chain."], ["20250621", "ZIM Integrated Shipping Services Ltd. (NYSE:ZIM) has significantly reduced its debt to US$103.3 million by March 2025 and holds a strong net cash position of US$2.21 billion. Despite substantial total liabilities, the company's strong free cash flow generation, which converted 144% of EBIT to US$4.0 billion, indicates a healthy financial position not overly reliant on debt. Although some areas for improvement exist due to total liabilities, the overall assessment suggests ZIM's balance sheet is not a significant concern for investors."], ["20250621", "Ramaco Resources (METC) operates a low-cost coal business with a strong balance sheet, though recent weak coal prices led to Q1 losses despite record production. The company's rare earth project, Brook, presents a high-risk, high-reward opportunity not yet factored into its stock valuation. Given soft coal markets and the speculative nature of Brook, the author rates Ramaco as a HOLD, noting it's not cheap enough for value nor clear enough for growth."], ["20250621", "Compa\u00f1\u00eda de Minas Buenaventura, through its subsidiary Conenhua, is seeking regulatory approval for a new 220 kV transmission line to power its San Gabriel gold mine in Moquegua. This project includes a new substation and an expanded Chilota substation, ensuring a reliable and efficient power supply for the mine's commercial operations projected to start in October 2025. Conenhua, with its experience in renewable energy, aims to optimize energy costs and operational continuity for one of Buenaventura's key gold projects."], ["20250621", "GXO Logistics, Inc. (NYSE:GXO) has seen a significant share price rise recently, prompting an analysis of its valuation. The company appears fairly priced according to Simply Wall St's model, trading slightly below its intrinsic value. Despite this, its optimistic future growth, with expected doubling of earnings, suggests potential for future buying opportunities, particularly given its high share price volatility."], ["20250620", "Kenny Rocker, EVP, Marketing & Sales, shares updates on Union Pacific's performance and upcoming initiatives. Despite natural events, the company maintained strong service metrics and announced the opening of the new multi-million-dollar Kansas City Intermodal Terminal (KCIT) in July 2025. Additionally, Union Pacific plans to launch a modernized UP.com website and a new customer landing page, My Portal, in the summer."], ["20250620", "AmeriGas Propane has announced a definitive agreement to sell its assets in Hawaii to Isle Gas, a subsidiary of AMF Hawaii Investment Holdings, LLC. This divestiture includes propane storage facilities and a delivery fleet, with the proceeds intended for debt reduction. The move is part of AmeriGas's strategy to focus resources on core markets and enhance operational performance."], ["20250620", "Standard Motor Products, Inc. (SMP) has opened a new 575,000-square-foot distribution center in Shawnee, Kansas, to enhance its U.S. coverage and improve logistics. The new facility, equipped with advanced technology, will reduce transportation lead times and support a multi-point distribution strategy for high-volume products. This strategic expansion aims to improve turnaround times and provide automation efficiencies for customers while retaining current associates from a nearby facility it plans to exit."], ["20250620", "SLB has partnered with a Houston-based independent energy company to deploy its OptiSite\u2122 facility, equipment, and pipeline solutions, which leverage AI and digital twin technology. This collaboration aims to enhance facility uptime and safety, and set the stage for AI-driven autonomous pipeline operations. The initial deployment provides a unified view of performance data, with plans to expand OptiSite solutions across the customer\u2019s offshore U.S. assets to optimize costs, energy use, and performance, contributing to decarbonization."], ["20250620", "This article examines ONEOK's debt levels, noting a significant increase to US$32.0b in debt at the end of March 2025. While the company's EBIT grew by 38% and its free cash flow is reasonable, its liabilities, totaling US$39.4b more than cash and near-term receivables, raise concerns about potential shareholder dilution given its US$51.1b market capitalization. The article advises shareholders to closely monitor ONEOK's debt."], ["20250620", "Citi has lowered its price target for ConocoPhillips (COP) from $140 to $115 but maintained a \"Buy\" rating. Despite recent underperformance, Citi analysts see a \"value opportunity\" and significant upside potential for the stock, believing it will remain resilient amidst OPEC's new strategies. ConocoPhillips is recognized as a major independent oil and gas exploration and production company."], ["20250620", "Jennifer Rumsey, CEO of Cummins since August 2022, took the helm during a turbulent time when electric and hydrogen power companies were gaining significant investor attention. Despite the buzz around new technologies from companies like Nikola and Plug Power, Cummins, with its long history of profitability, maintained its strong position. The article highlights Rumsey's focus on both profitability and renewable power, navigating the company through the evolving landscape of the trucking industry."], ["20250620", "Norwegian oil drilling workers and unions reached a wage deal, preventing a strike that could have disrupted offshore oil and gas exploration. The agreement, covering over 7,200 workers, includes a significant pay increase for drilling workers, according to the Styrke union. This resolution avoids immediate disruption to oil and gas production, building on a previous wage deal for workers directly employed by oil firms."], ["20250620", "U Power Limited (Nasdaq: UCAR) announced plans to build 55 smart battery swap stations in Hong Kong in three phases, including bus-only and ferry swap stations, to promote zero-carbon living. This initiative, launched at the \"Inauguration Ceremony of Hong Kong's First Demonstration Smart Swap Station,\" introduces \"Vehicle-Electricity Separation + Battery Token\" technology to accelerate Hong Kong's move towards its 2050 zero-emission target for electric vehicles. The company aims to replicate this model in other overseas countries, expanding its global ESP Power Swap ecosystem."], ["20250620", "Nine Energy Service Inc. recently experienced a significant decline despite positive indicators in the oil sector, raising investor concerns. However, the company's strategic moves, technological advancements, and collaborations with energy giants suggest promising opportunities for growth and expansion. Analysts maintain cautious optimism for Eight Energy Service's future, emphasizing the importance of staying alert to market factors and focusing on current stock patterns over predictions."], ["20250620", "A federal judge has ruled that Public Service Enterprise Group (PSEG) can temporarily access private properties with 24 hours notice for environmental surveys related to the Piedmont Reliability Project. This decision comes despite opposition from landowners in three Maryland counties who fear the project will destroy their land. PSEG, developing a 70-mile transmission line, states the access is necessary because landowners wouldn't voluntarily allow investigators on their properties."], ["20250620", "NaaS Technology Inc. announced it received a Nasdaq notification for not meeting the minimum market value of listing securities requirement. The company has 180 days, until December 10, 2025, to regain compliance by maintaining a market value of $35 million or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business days. Although the notice doesn't immediately affect trading, NaaS Technology also noted it is not in compliance with other listing standards related to stockholders' equity and net income."], ["20250620", "A federal judge has granted a preliminary injunction allowing Public Service Enterprise Group (PSEG) Renewable Transmission to access private properties in Baltimore, Carroll, and Frederick Counties for surveying purposes related to a proposed 67-mile high-voltage transmission line. This decision comes despite strong opposition from over 100 landowners, who face contempt of court if they obstruct survey crews. Landowners are considering an appeal, citing concerns over property rights and financial burdens."], ["20250620", "This article identifies top dividend-paying stocks that can help investors generate passive income and combat inflation in 2025. It highlights two companies, Realty Income Corp. and Main Street Capital, that distribute dividends monthly. Additionally, the article suggests several high-yield, quarterly-paying stocks like Exxon Mobil, Kraft Heinz, and Bristol-Myers Squibb to diversify passive income portfolios."], ["20250620", "PSE&G is preparing for an expected extreme heatwave with temperatures potentially reaching over 100 degrees, urging customers to prioritize safety and manage energy consumption. The utility emphasizes its year-round efforts to strengthen infrastructure and highlights programs designed to help customers stay cool, conserve energy, and manage their bills through energy efficiency initiatives and payment assistance options. PSE&G also provides tips for staying safe during the heat and instructions for connecting during potential power outages."], ["20250620", "ArcelorMittal has canceled two green hydrogen-based steel projects in Germany, despite the projects having attracted \u20ac1.3 billion in subsidies. The industrial giant stated that the business case for the transformation was not strong enough, even with the significant financial support. The decision impacts ArcelorMittal's plans for green steel production in Germany."], ["20250620", "As tensions rise between Israel and Iran, with the potential for disruptions to oil flow through the Strait of Hormuz, investors are considering their options. While the obvious trade would be to invest in oil-related assets, a contrarian approach is also suggested by BCA Research's chief strategist, Marko Papic. The article also touches on AI reminders, retirement annuities, and areas where home sellers are more likely to cut prices."], ["20250620", "Italian energy company Eni plans to establish a new unit, likely named Eni Industrial Evolution (EIE), to manage its oil refineries and fuel storage facilities in Italy. This new entity is expected to incorporate nearly 2,000 employees and will oversee traditional refining operations, primary logistics, and the conversion of Livorno and parts of Sannazzaro plants into bio-refineries. The move follows Eni's strategy of spinning off operations into separate entities and securing investor interest in these units."], ["20250620", "Con Edison is constructing the Idlewild Substation, a five-acre energy hub near JFK, to support the rapid development and growing energy demands of Jamaica, Queens. This new facility will provide cleaner and more reliable energy for new homes, businesses, and essential services, while also accommodating the increasing use of clean energy and electric vehicles. The project aims to contribute to the area's revitalization, including developments like Gateway JFK and thousands of new residential and commercial units, with minimal community disruption."], ["20250620", "Ellomay Capital Ltd. announced the successful closing of an investment transaction with Clal Insurance Company Ltd. Clal acquired a 49% interest in Ellomay\u2019s 198 MW Italian solar portfolio, which includes operating projects and projects under construction and development. This partnership is viewed as a significant milestone for Ellomay's strategic growth."], ["20250620", "Centrus Energy has secured a contract extension from the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) worth approximately $110 million, continuing its High-Assay, Low-Enriched Uranium (HALEU) production through June 30, 2026. This extension is part of a larger contract that includes options for up to eight additional years of production, aiming to restore America's uranium enrichment capabilities and support advanced reactor development. Centrus is currently delivering meaningful quantities of HALEU, demonstrating its commitment to national energy and security requirements."], ["20250620", "SwissDrones has announced a partnership with US-based energy company Southern Company, focusing on the deployment of its SDO 50 drone. This collaboration aims to enhance aerial surveillance and inspection of critical infrastructure, offering a more efficient and sustainable alternative to manned aircraft. The SDO 50, a state-of-the-art unmanned helicopter, will be used to cover greater distances across power lines and natural gas infrastructure, improving data collection for both electric and gas operations."], ["20250619", "Martin Midstream reported decent Q1 2025 results, achieving $27.8 million in adjusted EBITDA, which is about 25% of its full-year guidance. The improved economic outlook suggests the company is likely to meet its annual targets. While the quarterly distribution is expected to remain low at $0.005 per unit, successful refinancing of its 2028 notes at a lower interest rate could pave the way for increased distributions in the future by allowing for more debt reduction."], ["20250619", "Highland councillors have approved plans for a new rail yard at West Fraser's timber plant near Inverness, known as the \"cloud factory.\" This development aims to significantly reduce HGV traffic by an estimated 20,000 journeys annually, connecting the plant to the Inverness to Aberdeen railway line. The project is expected to begin receiving trains next year, with full completion by 2028, and is projected to cut CO2 emissions by approximately 9,000 tonnes."]]}