{"topic": "economy_monetary", "news": [["20250401", "The article suggests refreshing bond portfolios, particularly core allocations, using active ETFs given the uncertain interest rate outlook for 2025. It highlights the T. Rowe Price Total Return ETF (TOTR) as a notable option, emphasizing its active management, diversified fixed income investments, and ability to outperform passive indexes in a volatile environment. TOTR's flexibility, exposure to high-yield bonds, and strong yield metrics position it as a core bond refresher for investors."], ["20250401", "10x Research reports that Bitcoin is currently in a \"mini bear market,\" trading below its key $88,000 trend model level with weak technical signals and fading momentum. The firm notes that on-chain data and low funding rates indicate reduced risk appetite and a lack of fresh catalysts are weighing on Bitcoin's price. Despite the bearish outlook for Bitcoin, Tron and Toncoin are identified as resilient altcoins, while the broader market anticipates potential volatility within a $73,000 to $94,000 range."], ["20250401", "Dominion Energy has proposed its first rate increase since 1992, citing inflation, high labor costs, and the need for power grid upgrades. If approved by the State Corporation Commission, residential customers will see incremental increases in fuel and base rates starting July 1, 2025. The proposal also includes a new rate class for high-energy users like data centers, addressing concerns about residential ratepayers bearing the costs of increased energy demand."], ["20250401", "Berkshire Hathaway's stock has shown notable resilience and gains in early 2025 while the broader equity market faced a slump. This performance is attributed to its diversified business structure, strong operational earnings from its various segments, and Warren Buffett's disciplined investment philosophy. The company's stability and value-oriented approach are attracting investors seeking a safe harbor amidst market volatility."], ["20250401", "The article discusses the recent struggles of renewable energy stocks, attributed to high interest rates following the Covid-19 pandemic. It highlights the underperformance of major green energy ETFs like iShares Global Clean Energy ETF (ICLN), Invesco Solar ETF (TAN), and First Trust Global Wind Energy ETF (FAN) compared to the S&P 500. Despite these market conditions, private investors are noted to be on a buying spree in the green energy sector."], ["20250401", "The article highlights the top-performing ETFs in early 2025, which are all focused on gold and silver mining. These ETFs, including SIL, GDXJ, and GDX, have seen significant returns due to rising precious metal prices and the operational leverage of mining companies. The author suggests that potential Federal Reserve rate cuts could further boost gold and silver prices, leading to continued success for these mining ETFs."], ["20250401", "Dominion Energy has proposed a series of rate increases that would add over $21 to the monthly bills of residential customers in Virginia by 2027. The increases include a fuel rate hike of $10.92 in July 2025, followed by base rate increases of $8.51 in 2026 and $2 in 2027. The company states these adjustments are necessary to offset rising costs due to inflation, including labor, materials, equipment, fuel, and grid upgrades."], ["20250401", "March was a volatile month for Wall Street, with the S&P 500 entering correction territory, while the Nasdaq and Dow also declined due to trade uncertainty, geopolitical tensions, and economic slowdown concerns. This led to a shift towards risk-off trading, boosting demand for safe-haven assets and lower-risk investments. Consequently, gold miners, silver miners, Greek stocks, copper, and Polish ETFs emerged as top-performing areas."], ["20250331", "Oaktree Capital's March 2025 \"Roundup\" synthesizes insights from its experts on various investment opportunities. Key themes explored include the rising demand for mezzanine financing, attractive entry points for special situations investors due to elevated interest rates, and the limited competition in unrated asset-backed finance. The report also highlights the growing need for specialized lenders in the innovation-rich but capital-poor life sciences sector, alongside an excerpt from Howard Marks's 2024 year-end letter advising a defensive posture for investors given current market conditions."], ["20250331", "Presidio Property Trust, Inc. has released its annual 10-K report, detailing a 7.3% increase in total revenue to $18.9 million, driven by new leases and model home transactions. The report highlights strategic initiatives, including diversifying its portfolio with office, industrial, and model home properties, and recent acquisitions and dispositions. The company also outlines financial and operational challenges, such as indebtedness, market risks, and the impact of inflation and rising interest rates, while focusing on capital management through stock repurchases and potential property sales."], ["20250331", "Pasadena Private Lending Inc. (PPL) has secured a $50 million term loan from SLR Capital Partners and extended its $75 million senior credit facility with East West Bank until July 2028. This capital injection aims to expand PPL's owner-guaranteed business loan portfolio, targeting lower-middle market companies seeking flexible financing from non-bank lenders. The move reflects a growing trend where private credit is becoming a significant driver of economic growth."], ["20250331", "Ellington Financial Inc. (EFC) is a mortgage REIT with an 11.8% monthly dividend yield, which the article notes could be a warning sign for dividend safety. The company has an inconsistent dividend history, with several cuts and increases, and an expected payout ratio of 111% for 2025. Despite a volatile past and high risk, EFC offers a diversified loan portfolio and has shown increased profitability."], ["20250331", "JFB Construction Holdings reported a significant decrease in revenues and net income for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, attributed to a reduction in new contracts, seasonality, inflation, and high interest rates. The company also identified a material weakness in its internal controls over financial reporting. Despite the financial decline, JFB plans to expand its market presence and explore new real estate development opportunities."], ["20250330", "The Eaton Vance Limited Duration Income Fund (EVV) offers a high yield of 8.83% but carries significant risks due to its heavy reliance on junk bonds and high leverage ratio. The fund is struggling to cover its distributions and trades at a relatively expensive discount to NAV compared to its historical average and peers. Investors should exercise caution despite the attractive yield."], ["20250330", "The iShares Flexible Income Active ETF (NYSEARCA:BINC) offers a diversified and dynamic approach to bond investing with a strong 6.4% yield. It diversifies across various bond sub-asset classes including investment-grade corporate bonds, MBS, high-yield bonds, and CLOs, providing a broad exposure and moderate credit risk with a BBB+ average rating. BINC's short duration of 3.4 years makes it less sensitive to interest rate changes, offering stability and income, making it attractive for investors seeking consistent returns in various market environments."], ["20250329", "This report details the Q1 2025 performance of metals options, including gold, copper, and platinum. Gold prices surged past $3,000 due to global instability and central bank purchases, maintaining strong options interest despite volume dips. Copper options saw significant growth driven by EV demand and potential tariffs, while platinum gained traction from renewable energy applications."], ["20250329", "The article discusses the potential benefits of fixed income and inflation protection, particularly through the Quadratic Interest Rate Volatility and Inflation Hedge ETF (IVOL). The author examines IVOL's recent performance, noting its new high close, outperformance, and accumulation phase above the 200-Day Moving Average. While IVOL shows bullish signs in a stagflationary environment, its long-term sustainability and implications for a deeper recession or hyperinflation are still uncertain, especially regarding its 23-month moving average."], ["20250328", "The ALPS Smith Core Plus Bond ETF (SMTH) has seen its Assets Under Management (AUM) increase by almost $1 billion over the last year, with $730 million in net inflows during the last six months alone. This significant growth is attributed to its active management approach in global debt securities, aiming for high current income and capital appreciation. SMTH's strategy, which considers various factors like yield and credit ratings across different bond types, offers flexibility that positions it well amidst market uncertainty."], ["20250328", "The SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY) is experiencing a downturn, having moved negative on the year by 2.99% through March 2025, primarily due to growing concerns about tariffs and the economy. Despite this recent turbulence, the ETF maintains a respectable trailing twelve-month total return of nearly 11.8%. The article outlines both bull and bear cases for SPY, highlighting its current technical position at key moving averages and the complexities of future growth tempered by macroeconomic uncertainties."], ["20250328", "Shares of Hyperscale Data (GPUS) fell over 2% despite announcing the successful installation of Nvidia GPUs for an HPC customer, marking a strategic shift towards AI and HPC services and away from Bitcoin mining. The company aims to expand its Michigan data center's power capacity significantly and recently secured a NYSE American listing extension. Despite the stock decline, retail sentiment on Stocktwits around GPUS has turned bullish, even as shares have dropped over 60% in the past year."], ["20250328", "Latham & Watkins LLP advised Core Natural Resources, Inc. (NYSE: CNR) on a successful refinancing of tax-exempt bonds, following its merger from CONSOL Energy, Inc. and Arch Resources, Inc. The refinancing increased the bond amount to US$307 million, established a 10-year term for unsecured bonds, and reduced the weighted average interest rate to 5.3%. A multi-office Latham & Watkins team led by David Miller and Anna Rienhardt handled the transaction."], ["20250327", "Sonoco Products Company's RTS Packaging plant in Scarborough, Maine, is set to close, impacting 67 employees. The closure is attributed to economic pressures like inflation and declining demand in the folding carton market. Sonoco plans to offer support to affected workers, including opportunities to apply for positions at other company locations."], ["20250327", "The U.S. Global GO GOLD and Precious Metal Miners ETF (GOAU) has reached a new 52-week high, surging 45.5% from its low. This performance is attributed to gold's rally driven by safe-haven demand, rising trade tariffs, geopolitical tensions, and hints of Fed rate cuts. The ETF is expected to continue its strong performance, indicated by a positive weighted alpha."], ["20250327", "This article identifies 10 ultra-high-yield monthly dividend stocks, including REITs, BDCs, and CEFs, all paying over 10% annually. It provides a detailed breakdown of each company's business model, dividend sustainability, risks, and recent performance, along with an outlook for investors. The author also offers a \"Final Thoughts\" section categorizing the picks by safety, risk, interest rate sensitivity, and growth potential."], ["20250327", "This article identifies high-growth tech stocks for March 2025, emphasizing innovation and resilience given market uncertainty. It highlights three specific companies\u2014Megacable Holdings, Arabian Contracting Services, and Naruida Technology\u2014detailing their financial performance, growth prospects, and strategic investments. The piece aims to guide investors in making informed decisions by focusing on emerging trends and company fundamentals."], ["20250327", "The U.S. Global GO GOLD and Precious Metal Miners ETF (GOAU) has reached a new 52-week high, surging 45.5% from its low. This performance is attributed to gold's rally due to safe-haven demand amidst trade tariffs, geopolitical tensions, and signals of potential Fed rate cuts. Investors might anticipate further gains for GOAU, which acts as a leveraged play on gold, given its positive weighted alpha."], ["20250326", "The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has imposed a monetary penalty of Rs 75 lakh on HDFC Bank for non-compliance with its Know Your Customer (KYC) guidelines. The deficiencies identified include failing to categorize certain customers by risk and allotting multiple customer identification codes instead of a Unique Customer Identification Code (UCIC) for each. RBI clarified that this penalty addresses regulatory compliance issues and does not invalidate customer transactions."], ["20250326", "February's UK CPI inflation data came in below expectations, with headline CPI at 2.8% YoY and core CPI at 3.5% YoY, reversing January's rise. Energy and food prices contributed to inflation, though energy remains deflationary year-over-year, while services inflation and housing cost growth are significant drivers. Despite cooler data, the Bank of England may remain cautious on rate cuts, leading to moderated gilt rate declines."], ["20250326", "BlackRock has launched two new target maturity ETFs, the iShares iBonds Dec 2035 Term Corporate ETF (IBCA) and the iShares iBonds Oct 2025 Term TIPS ETF (IBIL). Both funds are designed to mature like bonds but can be traded like stocks, offering investors diversified bond exposure with a defined maturity date. They can be utilized in bond laddering strategies, providing flexibility for reinvestment as bonds mature."], ["20250325", "Argentina's GDP is projected to grow by 5.5% in 2025, driven by consumption and investment amidst disinflation and fiscal-monetary discipline. Despite high popular support for President Milei, key challenges include maintaining austerity during an election year and normalizing the foreign exchange market. The inflation rate is expected to reach 30% by the end of 2025, influenced by tight monetary policy and a managed exchange rate."], ["20250324", "A new survey indicates that 95% of global ETF investors plan to increase their allocations in 2025, with a significant shift towards active ETFs. This move is driven by a desire for better performance in uncertain markets, despite the higher fees associated with active strategies. Investors prioritize strategy focus and liquidity over cost when selecting ETFs, with inflation and equity valuations being major concerns."], ["20250323", "This whitepaper discusses the challenges facing traditional 60/40 portfolios due to elevated public market valuations, persistent inflation, and higher interest rates. It suggests that these conditions create an attractive entry point for private markets, which have historically enhanced returns and minimized volatility when added to a 60/40 allocation. The paper highlights that a balanced portfolio of alternative investments has outperformed during past periods of high public equity valuations and interest rates."], ["20250321", "X-Square Capital's founder, Ignacio Canto, discusses their X-Square Municipal Income Tax-free Fund (ZTAX) with Evan Harp. ZTAX is presented as the market's sole triple tax-exempt ETF, focusing on restructured bonds from U.S. territories like Puerto Rico, which are expected to be top performers in the municipal bond sector. The article highlights ZTAX's 4.70% triple tax-exempt yield and minimal volatility, positioning it as an attractive option in an uncertain economic climate."], ["20250321", "Ignacio Canto, founder of X-Square Capital, discusses their X-Square Municipal Income Tax-free Fund (ZTAX), a triple tax-exempt ETF investing in restructured bonds from U.S. territories like Puerto Rico, Guam, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Canto highlights ZTAX's high yield (4.70% triple tax-exempt, equivalent to 6% pre-tax) and strong credit quality, presenting it as an attractive investment in an uncertain market. He also emphasizes the importance of their presence at the Exchange conference to educate advisors about the ETF's benefits and address uninvested interest in the municipal bond sector."], ["20250321", "This article identifies three gold stocks\u2014i-80 Gold Corp. (IAUX), Barrick Gold (GOLD), and Equinox Gold (EQX)\u2014poised for significant upside due to the ongoing gold rally and economic uncertainty. It highlights their individual strengths, including resource potential, strong financials, and strategic mergers, which position them for a historical bull run in 2025 despite some current challenges like cash burn or debt. The author suggests these miners, after an initial lag, are set to catch up with gold price surges."], ["20250321", "Following the Federal Reserve's decision to hold interest rates steady and forecast future cuts, editor Brian Kelly recommends two European exchange-traded funds, the iShares MSCI Eurozone ETF (EZU) and SPDR EURO Stoxx 50 ETF (FEZ). Global stock markets, including European indices, saw gains after the Fed's announcement, suggesting a supportive environment for these international investments. The article highlights the stability of US stocks and the impending interest rate relief as factors bolstering stock prices."], ["20250320", "Gold Royalty Corp. (GROY) is experiencing a stock decline driven by inflation fears impacting gold prices and concerns over financing. Despite recent revenue boosts, the company faces profitability challenges due to high operational costs and a negative pretax profit margin. Analysts and investors are closely watching GROY's strategic management changes and asset evaluations to determine its future trajectory amidst market volatility."], ["20250320", "The Neuberger Berman Option Strategy ETF (NBOS) offers an option-writing strategy to mitigate risks like market drawdowns, stagnation, or volatility while generating income for portfolios. With concerns about stagflation and recession rising, NBOS invests in put options on the S&P 500 and other indexes, along with short-term Treasurys, to provide two sources of return without increasing equity beta or interest rate risk. This strategy is expected to perform well in flat or declining markets and can increase income potential through option premiums that benefit from market volatility."], ["20250320", "Germany's announcement of a major fiscal spending overhaul on March 4, 2025, has triggered significant market reactions, with European equities rallying and German government bond yields surging. This shift from Germany's historically conservative fiscal approach includes a new \u20ac500 billion infrastructure fund and exemptions from debt rules, aiming to boost the euro area economy. The plan could lead to sustained European equity outperformance and bond market volatility, contingent on its uncertain execution."], ["20250319", "Discount retailer Five Below announced plans to raise prices on some items under $5 due to impending tariffs, though they will also lower prices on a smaller selection of products. Despite this, the company's fourth-quarter earnings and first-quarter outlook surpassed Wall Street expectations, leading to a stock rally."], ["20250319", "Dollar General's CEO, Todd Vasos, does not foresee an improvement in consumers' financial situations in 2025, especially for their core customer base, due to ongoing inflation. The company is strategically positioned as a discount retailer to provide value and convenience to cash-strapped customers and plans for significant store expansion. Dollar General also reported a 5.0% increase in net sales for fiscal 2024 to $40.6 billion, despite a decrease in net income, and is optimizing its store portfolio, including closing underperforming stores and converting others, while also partnering with DoorDash to accept SNAP/EBT payments."], ["20250319", "Better Home & Finance Holding Company (BETR) reported a net loss of $206.3 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, an improvement from the previous year, driven by increased funded loan volume and reduced operating expenses. Revenue rose to $108.5 million from $72.3 million due to higher gain on loans, net. The company continues to invest in technology and expand in the U.K. market despite challenges from the interest rate environment."], ["20250318", "This article provides an in-depth analysis of the VanEck BDC Income ETF (NYSEARCA:BIZD), focusing on its high 11% dividend yield, sustainability, and market outlook. It examines the risks associated with interest rate changes, non-accrual rates within its portfolio, increased competition from banks, and its performance compared to broader market indices. The author rates BIZD as a Hold, appealing to income-focused investors willing to navigate potential market fluctuations."], ["20250318", "Kairoi Residential secured a $62 million refinancing deal for its 352-unit apartment complex, Boheme, in Oak Cliff, Dallas. This refinancing suggests a potential thawing in lending enthusiasm, as rent growth is anticipated with a slowdown in new development. The deal was provided by Sunrise Realty Trust, an affiliate of TCG Real Estate."], ["20250318", "This article explores how investors can identify defensive assets in today's changing market environment, characterized by evolving risks like inflation and varied growth scenarios. T. Rowe Price experts discuss the continued role of the U.S. dollar, the renewed attractiveness of cash due to higher yields, and the changing dynamics of long-maturity U.S. Treasuries. They also touch on the potential defensive qualities of commodities, certain equity sectors like healthcare and consumer staples, and the re-evaluation of the \"Magnificent Seven\" as a defensive asset class."], ["20250318", "Tyler Rosenlicht of Cohen & Steers anticipates a significant rise in commodity prices, arguing that the past decade's \"era of abundance\" is transitioning into an \"era of scarcity.\" This shift is driven by factors reversing previous consolidations, such as higher and more volatile inflation, and represents a promising outlook for Canadian commodity investors. He highlights opportunities in agriculture due to growing global wealth and technological advancements, in energy through an \"energy addition\" approach including nuclear, and in industrial metals like copper, lithium, nickel, and cobalt fueled by technology and infrastructure development."], ["20250317", "Harte Hanks, Inc. (HHS) has released its 2024 Form 10-K report, detailing a challenging financial year with a net loss of $30.3 million due to a significant pension termination charge, despite revenues of $185.2 million. The company is undergoing reorganization with \"Project Elevate\" to optimize operations and invest in technology, aiming for $16 million in savings from 2024 to 2026. Harte Hanks continues to navigate risks related to client engagement, technology, regulations, and economic factors while focusing on strategic initiatives for future growth."], ["20250317", "The abrdn Physical Gold Shares ETF (SGOL) has reached a new 52-week high, surging 38.6% from its previous low. This momentum is driven by a rally in gold prices to $3,000, fueled by trade tariff disputes, recessionary fears, and expectations of more aggressive Fed rate cuts. SGOL's weighted alpha and volatility indicate potential for further gains for risk-aggressive investors."], ["20250317", "The price of gold reached $3,000 per ounce for the first time ever last week, closing at $3,009 Monday, driven by investor fears of inflation exacerbated by trade war policies. This surge benefits Nevada's gold mining industry, which is a significant global producer, through increased tax revenues. However, uncertainty remains regarding state budget funding and the public availability of mining production and deduction data in Nevada."], ["20250317", "The H2 2024 Cap Rate Survey by CBRE indicates that cap rates remained steady during the second half of 2024, with expectations for sales volume to increase in 2025. While overall investor sentiment has improved despite muted sales volume, trends vary by sector, with industrial and multifamily cap rates falling and office yields remaining an outlier due to financial distress. The survey also notes that most respondents believe cap rates have peaked, though uncertainty persists particularly in the office sector."], ["20250316", "The SGOV ETF, with its 4.20% SEC 30-Day Yield, offers an attractive investment option, particularly as uncertainty in financial markets is rising. While its yields are lower than the long end of the curve, the difference is not yet significant enough to warrant a shift, especially because an economic contraction would favor longer-duration investments. The author emphasizes assessing uncertainty over relying on economic forecasts to guide investment decisions."], ["20250314", "European equities have notably outperformed U.S. equities since the beginning of 2025, leading to a shift in investor sentiment, with European investors pulling out of U.S. equity ETFs. This divergence is attributed to geopolitical developments, China's economic rebound supporting European exports, and concerns over U.S. mega-cap tech valuations and tariffs. Despite these shifts, both U.S. and European ETF markets are experiencing robust growth, although European ETFs have grown faster due to lower percentages of registered funds historically."], ["20250314", "J.P. Morgan's Global Investment Strategy Team discusses the implications of recent tariff announcements on the markets, noting the S&P 500's first 10% correction in two years. They argue that the current market pullback is a valuation adjustment rather than a fundamental economic issue, citing resilient \"hard data\" and historical market behavior after growth scares. The article advises investors to build resilient portfolios through diversification, income-generating assets like infrastructure, and inflation hedges such as gold."], ["20250313", "VettaFi\u2019s Head of Research Todd Rosenbluth discussed the Vanguard 0-3 Month Treasury Bill ETF (VBIL) on the \"ETF of the Week\" podcast with Chuck Jaffe of \"Money Life.\" This discussion provides insights into fixed income strategies, with VBIL being highlighted for its focus on short-term Treasury bills. The article points to the Fixed Income Channel for additional information and strategy related to this ETF."], ["20250313", "F/m Investments announced that its US Treasury 3 Month Bill ETF (TBIL) has exceeded $5 billion in AUM, establishing it as a leading short-duration Treasury ETF. The firm's total ETF AUM has now surpassed $7 billion, achieved in under three years, reflecting strong investor demand for efficient fixed-income solutions. This growth highlights the success of F/m's US Benchmark Series and the recent launch of its ultrashort duration TIPS ETF (RBIL) to address inflation risks."], ["20250313", "The Sprott Gold Miners ETF (SGDM) has reached a new 52-week high, surging 49% from its low. This performance is attributed to increased demand for gold as a safe-haven investment amid trade tariff disputes and recessionary fears. The article suggests potential for further gains for risk-aggressive investors."], ["20250313", "Dollar General's CEO, Todd Vasos, reported that low-income US shoppers are experiencing significant financial strain due to ongoing inflation. This pressure is causing some customers to reduce spending even on essential items. The company noted that many customers believe their financial situation has worsened over the past year."], ["20250312", "The Trump administration's new 25% tariffs on imported steel and aluminum are escalating a trade war, potentially leading to higher prices for U.S. consumers and retaliatory tariffs from the European Union on American products like Harley-Davidson motorcycles. While the administration argues these tariffs protect American jobs, economists are divided, with some warning of inflation and others like Brian Jacobsen highlighting the short-term anxiety and potential for long-term gains. Harley-Davidson plans to aggressively fight any new tariffs imposed by other countries."], ["20250312", "Bitwise Asset Management has launched a new exchange-traded fund, the Bitwise Bitcoin Standard Corporations ETF (OWNB), which tracks over 70 companies holding at least 1,000 Bitcoin on their balance sheets. This ETF provides investors with indirect exposure to organizations incorporating Bitcoin into their corporate treasury strategies, reflecting a growing trend among businesses to use digital assets as a hedge against economic uncertainty and inflation. The fund features a weighted index with a 20% cap on individual company holdings to ensure diversification, including top holdings like MicroStrategy and Bitcoin mining firms."], ["20250311", "NW Natural, Oregon\u2019s largest gas utility, is proposing a 6.8% residential rate increase expected to start on November 1st, which would add about $5.55 to the average monthly household energy bill. This potential hike, combined with previous increases, could mean customers pay over 50% more than in 2020. The proposal faces review by the Oregon Public Utilities Commission, with a public hearing scheduled for March 18th."], ["20250310", "The U.S. stock market recently experienced a significant downturn, wiping out $3.5 trillion, attributed to tariff wars, a slowing economy, and inflationary pressures. Despite this volatility, the article suggests that the beaten-down prices present a solid buying opportunity, especially considering potential rate cuts by the Federal Reserve and the boom in AI technology. It highlights five specific ETFs with Strong Buy or Buy ratings that are poised to outperform when the market recovers."], ["20250309", "The Fidelity Dividend ETF for Rising Rates (FDRR) invests in dividend stocks positively correlated to rising rates but presents downside risks due to its heavy tech weighting and low defensive sector exposure. While it offers strong total returns and dividend stability from its large-cap focus, its long-term correlation to rising rates is more apparent than short-term. Risk-averse investors might consider more balanced dividend funds for greater stability during market downturns."], ["20250309", "BMO Chief Economist Douglas Porter forecasts that the Bank of Canada could cut its overnight rate to 2% or lower this year due to the imposition of US tariffs on Canadian goods and energy. The tariffs are expected to adversely affect the Canadian economy, potentially leading to a moderate recession and a rise in unemployment. The Bank of Canada's decisions will likely be influenced by inflation risks and the economic impact of the tariffs and retaliatory measures."], ["20250307", "Amid volatile equity markets, municipal bonds and related ETFs like the ALPS Intermediate Municipal Bond ETF (MNBD) are gaining attraction as stable refuges. Munis offer tax benefits, particularly for affluent investors in high-tax states, and some individual issues carry implied yields of 7%. Furthermore, muni bonds are seen as an effective inflation hedge, with historical data showing they can outperform equities during high inflation periods."], ["20250306", "Costco reported mixed second-quarter results and warned that inflation and tariffs could make shoppers more cautious, impacting consumer spending. The CEO noted that retailers, including Costco, are all facing the same challenging economic environment. Despite this, larger retailers have seen increased business from wealthier consumers seeking value amid rising costs."], ["20250306", "The Neuberger Berman Small-Mid Cap ETF (NBSM), an actively managed fund, demonstrated resilience during a recent market drawdown, trimming losses compared to its benchmark. In early March 2025, NBSM fell 2.52% while the Russell 2500 declined 3.9%, and year-to-date, NBSM is down 3.51% against the benchmark's 5.16% loss. This performance highlights the potential advantages of active strategies in volatile market conditions, particularly within the small- and mid-cap equity categories, by focusing on quality companies with reliable free cash flow and conservative balance sheets."], ["20250306", "BBVA Argentina reported a net profit adjusted for inflation of 357,653 million pesos in 2024, a slight decrease of 0.4% compared to 2023. Despite a drop in operating profit due to lower interest rates, the bank maintained results similar to the previous year. The institution also saw significant growth in financing to the private sector and consolidated deposits, while its financial director noted positive signs for economic recovery in Argentina in 2025."], ["20250305", "Angela A. Stephens, Senior Vice President and Controller at Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., recently sold 7,350 shares of company stock worth approximately $251,149. This transaction followed the acquisition of shares through restricted stock unit conversions and withholding for tax obligations. Keurig Dr Pepper also reported strong Q4 2024 earnings and strategic initiatives aimed at future growth, including board changes and increased price targets from analysts."], ["20250305", "Sprott Physical Silver Trust Units (PSLV) stock has seen a significant surge, driven by increasing investor interest in physical silver as a hedge against inflation and geopolitical tensions. Despite reporting a notable revenue loss, PSLV highlights strong financial health with a 48.1% pretax profit margin and multi-billion dollar equity. The article suggests that PSLV remains a resilient investment, appealing to those seeking a safe haven amidst economic uncertainties and market volatility."], ["20250305", "The BATS:SVIX ETF has seen significant movement due to surging market volatility driven by Trump's trade policies and Federal Reserve uncertainty regarding inflation. While SVIX offers a compelling short-term trade when volatility is high and expected to normalize, its mechanics make it unsuitable for long-term holding. Traders should consider SVIX as a short-term play, especially when it is near the bottom of its trading range, but acknowledge substantial risks, including the Fed\u2019s stance on inflation and other geopolitical factors."], ["20250305", "This CME Group report from February 2025 details an increase in gold, silver, copper, and platinum options trading driven by geopolitical tensions, inflation concerns, and supply constraints. It highlights expanded listing schedules, new weekly options offerings, and the use of options for risk management amidst market volatility. The report emphasizes rising average daily volumes and open interest across various metals, particularly with tariff speculation impacting copper and supply issues affecting platinum."], ["20250304", "The iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF (TLT) is rated a strong buy due to mounting evidence of economic slowdown, moderating inflation, and favorable bond market conditions. Recent economic data, including lower consumer confidence, decreased personal spending, and higher jobless claims, suggest an impending recession. This narrative is gaining traction, positioning TLT for continued outperformance."], ["20250304", "February 2025 saw Wall Street decline due to geopolitical tensions, looming tariffs from President Trump, and competition from Chinese AI startup DeepSeek. Despite trade tensions, China ETFs like KTEC, CQQQ, and KWEB surged, driven by DeepSeek's buzz and hopes for economic stimulus. The cryptocurrency market experienced a rout, with Bitcoin and Ethereum prices dropping significantly."], ["20250303", "DiamondRock Hospitality Company reported a 5.8% decline in RevPAR for its Florida properties in Q4, attributing it to post-pandemic hangover, heavy visitation, and inflation. While Florida performance was a concern, other markets showed growth, and the company remains cautious on the outlook due to economic uncertainty and inflation. DiamondRock also highlighted a quiet hotel transactions market and its financial performance for Q4 and the full year 2024, including projections for 2025."], ["20250401", "The author views bond ETFs as a bet on interest rates, with potential upside if inflation dips or a big win if a recession forces Fed rate cuts, favoring the first two scenarios over stagflation. The author believes Trump's proposed tariffs could spark a recession and push the Fed to pivot, preferring TLT over BND for rate plays due to its higher volatility and liquidity. The author is waiting for more clarity beyond April 2nd regarding Trump's actions before making a definitive bet on interest rates, specifically concerning the risk of stagflation."], ["20250401", "Silver is presented as an attractive investment opportunity due to its dual role as a precious metal and industrial commodity, growing nearly as fast as gold over the last year. The article suggests investing in silver through ETFs to gain broad exposure, lower costs, and diversification, highlighting three specific ETFs: iShares Silver Trust (SLV), Sprott Physical Silver Trust (PSLV), and Global X Silver Miners ETF (SIL). These ETFs offer different approaches to silver investment, from physical silver ownership to exposure to silver mining companies, providing options for stability and upside potential in a turbulent economic climate."], ["20250401", "The first quarter of 2025 saw a dramatic rotation in stock markets, with the S&P 500 experiencing its worst Q1 since 2022 due to trade war concerns. Technology stocks saw significant declines, while value stocks, defensive sectors like healthcare, and non-US markets outperformed. Bonds also served as a safe haven amid increased volatility and persistent inflation worries."], ["20250331", "Brazilian state-run oil company Petrobras announced a 4.6% cut in refinery gate diesel prices, effective April 1, marking the first reduction in over a year. The company also reduced jet fuel prices by an average of 7.9%. This move comes as local prices were above import parity, the Brazilian currency strengthened, and global oil prices traded lower, aligning with President Lula's strategy to stabilize fuel prices."], ["20250331", "Homestreet is merging with California-based Mechanics Bank after a previous deal fell through. The new deal values Homestreet at $300 million and Mechanics Bank at $3.3 billion, with Homestreet shareholders owning approximately 8.3% of the combined company. The merger aims to strengthen Mechanics Bank's West Coast presence and address Homestreet's commercial real estate concentration after a significant net loss in 2024."], ["20250331", "Welltower Inc. (WELL) is positioned for growth due to its senior housing operating portfolio benefiting from an aging population and increasing healthcare expenditure, alongside strong outpatient medical trends. The company's strategic acquisitions, such as the Amica Senior Lifestyles portfolio for C$4.6 billion, and a healthy balance sheet with $8.7 billion in liquidity, further support its retention as a strong investment. However, competition and elevated interest rates pose potential challenges."], ["20250331", "This article examines Ambev S.A. (ABEV) as a potential investment under $10, listing it among the top stocks favored by institutional investors. It discusses the company's strong digital transformation, B2B platform BEES, and direct-to-consumer platform Z\u00e9 Delivery. The article also provides context on recent stock market volatility due to inflation concerns and trade war discussions."], ["20250330", "The abrdn Income Credit Strategies Fund (ACP) has seen price declines but may be nearing a turning point. Despite trading at a significant discount to NAV, concerns persist regarding the credit market outlook and distribution sustainability, especially given the portfolio's lack of tech exposure and reliance on consumer-facing investments. The fund's rating has been upgraded to a hold, with potential for improvement if interest rates are cut in 2025, though risks tied to lower net investment income and reliance on realized gains remain."], ["20250330", "Noble Corporation (NYSE:NE) is highlighted as an oversold stock to consider in 2025 amidst inflation fears. The article notes its significant drop in share price, strong analyst ratings with a high price target, and a substantial dividend yield that the management is confident in maintaining. Despite a muted near-term outlook, the company expects a \"nice step up in free cash flow\" in 2025."], ["20250329", "The Vanguard Long-Term Bond Index Fund ETF (BLV) is currently rated as a 'Sell' due to unfavorable macroeconomic conditions and narrow corporate credit spreads. Its long duration makes it highly susceptible to changes in corporate credit spreads and long-term interest rates. The author suggests buying BLV only when corporate spreads widen significantly and there are clear signs of a recession coupled with potential Fed rate cuts."], ["20250329", "Opendoor Technologies (OPEN) stock is significantly down from its highs, trading at just over $1 per share, due to the impact of higher interest rates on the real estate market. Despite a challenging microenvironment expected to worsen into 2025, one Wall Street analyst believes the stock could double in the next year. Opendoor, which uses AI for iBuying, is focusing on efficiency and profitability improvements, and its current low price-to-sales ratio suggests potential for significant gains with any market improvement."], ["20250328", "This article highlights three momentum stocks\u2014Fiserv Inc. (FI), Darden Restaurants International (DRI), and Kinross Gold Corp. (KGC)\u2014that are trading near their 52-week or all-time highs and are poised for further growth due to specific catalysts. Fiserv benefits from strategic acquisitions, Darden Restaurants shows strong performance and bullish guidance, and Kinross Gold is buoyed by record gold prices and economic factors. Investors are advised to understand the underlying reasons for a stock's upward movement to differentiate sustainable growth from temporary spikes."], ["20250327", "The United States Copper Index Fund (CPER) has reached an all-time high amidst news that the Trump administration may impose 25% tariffs on copper imports, further fueling inflation concerns. Copper futures also hit a record high of $5.37 a pound. This move is part of the administration's broader trade war strategy, which has also seen the iShares MSCI Chile ETF (ECH) and the Global X Copper Miners ETF (COPX) perform strongly due to rising commodity prices."], ["20250327", "Standard Chartered Bank has revised its USD/VND exchange rate forecasts, increasing its mid-year projection to VND26,000 and its end-2025 projection to VND25,700 per U.S. dollar due to global and regional economic shifts. The Vietnamese dong has mirrored broader emerging market currency trends, influenced by a strong U.S. dollar, evolving trade dynamics, and global economic conditions. The bank also anticipates the State Bank of Vietnam to raise interest rates by 50 basis points in Q2/2025 in response to rising inflation, despite the government's higher 2025 growth target and inflation expectation."], ["20250327", "Jim Cramer discussed nine stocks, including Paychex, Inc. (NASDAQ: PAYX), highlighting its resilience against tariffs due to its service-oriented business model. He also referenced Paychex CEO John Gibson's insights on small business hiring trends post-election, which contradicted common economic models. The article provides Cramer's commentary on various companies and financial data points."], ["20250327", "The article discusses Compass Therapeutics (CMPX) as a hot biotech stock under $5, highlighting the overall resurgence in the biotech sector due to improved market conditions, innovation, and potential interest rate cuts. It details Compass Therapeutics' financial stability, pipeline of antibody-based cancer therapies, and upcoming clinical milestones. The company is ranked 3rd on a list of hot biotech stocks under $5, with hedge fund interest signaling potential."], ["20250326", "Jim Cramer opines that potential tariffs will not significantly impact Arm Holdings (NASDAQ:ARM) due to overwhelming demand for its technology, which he believes is \"off the charts.\" He criticizes media \"fear-mongering\" over tariffs, stating that the direct consequences will not be as severe as anticipated and won't trigger widespread price hikes. Cramer highlights Arm Holdings' strong position, noting that even concerns about stagflation or market negativity cannot impede its growth, positioning it among his discussed stocks."], ["20250325", "U.S. consumers are curbing spending due to high inflation and a worsening economic outlook, leading to a decrease in purchase volumes across industries, according to Synchrony Financial. This slowdown indicates that despite broadly healthy finances, Americans are stretching their budgets, with delinquencies expected to rise as student loan forbearance ends. Concerns about household finances have also negatively impacted consumer finance stocks."], ["20250325", "TriMas Corporation (TRS) is highlighted as one of the top stocks for insider investment in March, with insiders purchasing $21.5 million worth of shares. The article also discusses the Federal Reserve's decision to maintain interest rates and keep its outlook at two rate cuts for the year, alongside general market and economic sentiment. While acknowledging TRS's potential, the author suggests a stronger conviction in AI stocks for higher and quicker returns."], ["20250325", "Fidelity and Charles Schwab are blocking clients from purchasing money-market ETFs offered by BlackRock and Texas Capital on their trading platforms. This unusual move is attributed to the firms' policies, with Schwab stating it only makes affiliate money-market mutual funds available and Fidelity generally restricting third-party money-market mutual funds, particularly as both manage trillions in such assets and Schwab plans its own government money-market ETF. The decision has surprised investors and highlights increasing competition and challenges for ETF distribution."], ["20250325", "The article posits that Eversource Energy (ES) is an undervalued regulated utility, having transitioned to a 100% regulated model in 2024. Despite facing regulatory challenges, the company is focused on divesting non-core assets, improving its balance sheet, and aims for 5-7% EPS growth through 2029. Valuation models suggest ES is undervalued by approximately 15%, presenting a compelling investment opportunity even when considering potential risks like rising interest rates."], ["20250325", "BBVA Research projects a 5.5% GDP expansion for Argentina in 2025, driven by consumption and investment, amidst disinflationary consolidation and fiscal-monetary discipline. Despite sustained popular support for President Milei, challenges remain in maintaining fiscal balance during an election year and normalizing the exchange market. The report forecasts a gradual dismantling of capital controls and an annual inflation rate of 30%, with adjustments in regulated prices limiting the speed of disinflation."], ["20250324", "Wix employees saw the intrinsic value of their exercised stock options jump to $102 million in 2024, a significant increase from $19.5 million in 2023. This rise is attributed to a strong stock market performance, particularly Wix's 74% share price increase in 2024. The article also notes similar data for Nice, another Israeli company, where employee option value also increased despite a stock price decline."], ["20250324", "Bank of America strategists are advising investors to prepare for potential stagflation by focusing on companies with solid fundamentals and those that pay cash dividends. This recommendation comes as stagflation, characterized by slow economic growth and accelerating inflation, is re-entering Wall Street discussions. Savita Subramanian, BofA's head of US equity and quantitative strategy, suggests these types of companies offer the safest bets in such a bleak economic landscape."], ["20250324", "The BlackRock Resources & Commodities Strategy Trust (BCX) is a closed-end fund offering commodities exposure and a high income yield, making it attractive for inflation protection. The fund has historically performed well during inflationary periods, outperforming the S&P 500 year-to-date, and trades at a compelling discount to NAV with a significant yield and monthly distributions. While distributions have been fully covered year-to-date, they were not fully covered for the full year 2024."], ["20250323", "This article examines Fastenal Company (NASDAQ: FAST) in the context of insider sales during the last quarter, identifying it as having the fifth most insider sales among a list of 15 companies. It details Fastenal's financial performance in 2024, including revenue and operating activities, and notes that 13 insiders sold $23.98 million worth of shares. The article also touches on broader market conditions and the Federal Reserve's interest rate decisions, emphasizing that insider selling doesn't necessarily indicate a lack of faith in a company."], ["20250322", "The author issues a Hold rating on Bridgford Foods (BRID), downgrading from a previous Buy, due to increased uncertainty regarding the company's liquidity amidst high inflation. Commodity inflation is significantly pressuring the profit margins of BRID's products, particularly in the Snack Foods division, as the company struggles to raise prices sufficiently to offset costs. Additionally, consumer demand has been negatively impacted, as a large portion of BRID's revenue comes from \"impulse items.\""], ["20250321", "Access to auto credit increased in September, marking the end of a five-month decline, according to the Dealertrack Credit Availability Index. This improvement was driven by reduced average auto loan rates, an increased share of subprime loans, and extended loan term lengths. While credit availability loosened across most channels and lender types, it remained tighter than a year ago, with consumer confidence showing mixed signals."], ["20250321", "Iona Dent, Associate Portfolio Manager for T. Rowe Price's Global Growth Equity Strategy, discusses her background, role, and investment philosophy. She details how the team leverages a global research platform and individual specializations to identify \"Durable Growth\" opportunities. Dent also shares her outlook for global equity markets in 2025, highlighting risks like geopolitical tensions and the importance of active management in a potentially volatile environment."], ["20250321", "This article discusses how recent economic volatility, termed the \"Great Uncertainty,\" is impacting the commercial real estate (CRE) \"Great Reset\" described in a previous article. Initially, declining long-term interest rates spurred transaction activity, suggesting the reset was underway. However, subsequent policy changes, renewed tariff concerns, and falling consumer sentiment have introduced significant uncertainty, potentially slowing the reset or creating new opportunities for distress funds."], ["20250320", "Wall Street's main indices opened lower as renewed concerns over US tariffs overshadowed the Federal Reserve's cautious economic outlook and unchanged interest rates. While Darden Restaurants Inc. and Jabil Inc. saw gains, Accenture PLC Cl A experienced significant losses. Analysts suggest markets will remain volatile until there's more clarity on future policies."], ["20250320", "The article discusses the potential vulnerability of eBay (EBAY) stock to a recession, suggesting it could fall to $20 based on historical performance during economic downturns. Despite eBay's recent outperformance against the S&P 500, broader market concerns, including tariffs and declining consumer confidence, raise risks. The piece advises investors to consider macroeconomic indicators and eBay's past volatility when assessing its future prospects."], ["20250320", "The Neuberger Berman Option Strategy ETF (NBOS) offers a solution for advisors and investors concerned about recession risks, market stagnation, or volatility. By utilizing an option writing strategy and investing in short-term Treasurys, NBOS aims to generate income and mitigate risks. The fund is designed to outperform in flat or declining markets and capture some upside in rising markets, providing two income sources through a single strategy without increasing equity beta or credit exposures."], ["20250320", "The article discusses how Moody's, a veteran financial data provider and a long-held Warren Buffett investment, has adapted to modern technology, including AI, to maintain its market leadership. It highlights Moody's strong business model, its resilience against competition due to its \"moat,\" and its continued growth opportunities in the financial services industry, forecasting strong sales and earnings ahead. The author emphasizes that AI will likely strengthen Moody's dominant market position rather than unsettle it, due to the critical need for accurate and authoritative financial data."], ["20250319", "Procter & Gamble has consistently surpassed EPS estimates for seven consecutive quarters, demonstrating resilience despite market volatility, but is confronting challenges from inflation and consumer sentiment. While the company has shown strong performance in North America and improved results in China, concerns about inflation and a deteriorating consumer environment could negatively impact margins. The stock's premium valuation, particularly in comparison to its growth prospects and peers, suggests a cautious approach, making it advisable to hold off investing until there is greater macroeconomic clarity."], ["20250319", "Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan stated that consumer spending remains solid, leading him to believe economic growth will be \"better than people think,\" even if slower at around 2% this year. He also suggested the Federal Reserve should maintain its current interest rates through 2026, cautious about the impact of tariffs and preferring to retain monetary \"firepower.\" Moynihan believes the economy is already growing at a trend level of 2% and does not need premature boosts."], ["20250319", "Irving's Planning and Zoning Commission narrowly approved a zoning change requested by Las Vegas Sands Corp. for a \"destination resort\" on the former Texas Stadium site, despite significant community opposition and concerns from the University of Dallas regarding potential gambling and its effects. The proposal, which would allow for casino gaming if legalized in Texas, now moves to the Irving City Council. Las Vegas Sands, owned by Miriam Adelson whose family bought a majority stake in the Dallas Mavericks, has invested heavily in legalizing casino gambling in Texas."], ["20250318", "Jim Cramer has expressed a preference for Agnico Eagle Mines (AEM) over Barrick Gold, advising a pivot toward AEM. This recommendation comes amidst Cramer's cautionary outlook on the market due to consumer fears about inflation and tariffs, which he anticipates will lead to dismal retail sales. The article also highlights that 54 hedge funds have invested in AEM, and includes an analyst firm's detailed rationale for selling their AEM position due to a change in investment thesis."], ["20250318", "The Zacks Analyst Blog highlights iShares Silver Trust (SLV), abrdn Physical Silver Shares ETF (SIVR), and SPDR Gold Trust (GLD), discussing why silver ETFs have outperformed gold in 2025. The article attributes silver's edge to its extensive industrial applications and the ongoing market deficit, while both metals benefit from lower interest rates and safe-haven demand. It also touches on potential headwinds from trade policies impacting industrial metals."], ["20250318", "ETFs attracted significant capital last week, with U.S. equity ETFs like VOO and SPY leading inflows. Despite a brutal market performance for major indices due to trade uncertainty and economic slowdown fears, these ETFs saw substantial asset creation. The article details five ETFs that dominated last week's creation list, highlighting their holdings, expense ratios, and performance outlooks."], ["20250318", "Gold prices have reached an unprecedented $3,000 per ounce, marking a significant milestone for Nevada, a major gold-producing state. This increase is attributed to gold's role as a safe haven during economic uncertainty and as a hedge against inflation, fueled by fears related to tariffs and declining consumer sentiment. Higher gold prices are expected to boost state mining tax revenues, potentially easing budget stresses for Nevada."], ["20250318", "Incyte Corporation (INCY) is listed as one of the best biotech stocks according to billionaires, ranking 8th due to its strong financial performance and pipeline in oncology, inflammation, and autoimmunity. JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs highlight the biotech sector's potential for significant growth, especially given sensitivity to interest rate changes and recent fundamental improvements. The article notes Incyte's Q4 2024 revenue of $4.2 billion, driven by sales of Jakafi and Opzelura, and its ongoing investment in R&D."], ["20250314", "The Invesco CurrencyShares Euro Currency Trust ETF (FXE) tracks the EUR/USD exchange rate and has recently seen a rally due to optimism about Germany's fiscal expansion and a slower pace of borrowing cost reduction by the ECB. However, the author argues that market expectations face significant threats, making FXE a precarious choice for hedging against the U.S. dollar, and suggests investors explore alternatives."], ["20250314", "Logistic Properties of the Americas (LPA) is experiencing a significant stock plunge in 2025 due to concerns over high leverage and asset quality in Colombia. The broader real estate market faces challenges from elevated mortgage rates and economic uncertainty. Despite LPA's struggles, the article suggests that AI stocks may offer more promising returns."], ["20250313", "The iShares 7-10 Year Treasury Bond ETF (IEF) could benefit from a flight-to-quality scenario in uncertain economic times, despite the authors' positive outlook on U.S. growth. IEF offers structural advantages like monthly distributions, expert management with a 7-10 year focus, and a commendable 30-day SEC yield of 4.18%. However, a rebound in risk-on assets or a steepening yield curve could lead to underperformance."], ["20250313", "Escalating trade wars are significantly impacting U.S. markets, causing advisors and investors to seek hedges within equities. The Parametric Hedged Equity ETF (PHEQ) is highlighted for its performance in 2025, outperforming the S&P benchmark year-to-date by declining less than SPY. PHEQ uses a laddered options overlay strategy to provide downside protection while sacrificing some upside potential."], ["20250313", "A report by Grayscale Investments and The Harris Poll indicates a significant increase in digital asset adoption among high-net-worth individuals, with 26% owning cryptocurrency, surpassing the general population's average. This trend, driven by both younger and older affluent investors, is influenced by economic climate concerns and the approval of spot crypto ETFs. The survey suggests crypto is expected to become a part of many high-net-worth portfolios in the future."], ["20250313", "Major packaged food manufacturers, including PepsiCo and Conagra, have requested that former President Trump exempt certain imported ingredients, such as cocoa, oats, spices, and tropical fruit, from tariffs. The companies, through the Consumer Brands Association, argue these ingredients are not available domestically and that tariffs would force them to raise consumer prices amidst existing inflation. Other companies like Colgate Palmolive and Edgewell are also bracing for potential impacts from new tariffs."], ["20250313", "Ampco-Pittsburgh's subsidiary, Union Electric Steel, has announced a price hike on its forged products. This decision comes amidst general inflationary pressures impacting the market. The article previews details on which specific products are affected and the size of the increase."], ["20250312", "The Vanguard Russell 1000 Growth Index Fund ETF Shares (VONG) is considered unattractive despite a market correction due to concerns about prolonged market downtrend, inflation, and economic growth. The article suggests that VONG's heavy exposure to the tech sector, especially mega-caps, carries high risk due to slowing growth and elevated valuations. Instead, value and dividend-focused ETFs are recommended for better prospects, offering robust earnings growth and more affordable valuations."], ["20250312", "CNBC Crypto World reported that the SEC has delayed decisions on XRP and Solana ETF applications. The episode also covered bitcoin's slight rise after better-than-expected inflation data and the House's vote to roll back an IRS rule regarding DeFi brokers. Jeff Feng of Sei Labs discussed blockchain developer sentiment amid market uncertainty."], ["20250312", "Piper Sandler's chief market technician, Craig Johnson, predicts a 3% to 5% relief rally for the S&P 500. This forecast comes after the index closed in oversold territory, with its relative strength index falling to 28.3. The S&P 500 has been under pressure due to escalating trade tensions and recession worries, despite a modest rise on Wednesday following softer-than-expected inflation data."], ["20250312", "Morgan Stanley's Global Investment Committee suggests that while investors should not simply \"buy the dip\" in old market leaders, new opportunities exist amidst current market turbulence. The committee identifies three key strategies: favoring financial stocks, taking profits in long-duration bonds, and adding non-U.S. equity exposure. These recommendations are based on a \"soft landing\" scenario with slower economic growth and receding inflation, along with anticipated shifts in global economic and policy landscapes."], ["20250312", "GE Vernova's CEO, Scott Strazik, announced that the company's order backlog for power-generation equipment, including gas turbines, power transformers, and switchgear, is expected to stretch into 2028, with the company likely to be sold out through the end of '28 by late summer. He noted that despite significant interest in artificial intelligence at the CERAWeek conference, only a small portion of the current backlog is AI-related, indicating future growth potential. The article also touches on other business news, including State Street's risk of losing a Swiss pension mandate, a White House ban on AP reporters, surging egg prices, Starlink's deals in India, an FTC request to delay an Amazon trial, and a lawsuit against Bumble Bee Seafoods."], ["20250312", "Wells Fargo's stock has dropped 17% in a little over a month due to macro factors like tariffs, decreased M&A sentiment, a flatter yield curve, and recession fears. The sentiment for money center banks has shifted from optimistic growth scenarios under previous administrations to current concerns about inflation and recession. Despite the recent drawdown, the bank's valuation remains above its historical averages."], ["20250311", "This article summarizes a bullish thesis on Forestar Group Inc. (FOR), highlighting its unique position as a pure-play lot developer that benefits from falling interest rates and sustained inflation. The article notes FOR's undervaluation at 0.7x book value, its long-term growth potential through land appreciation and market share expansion, and its strategic relationship with DR Horton. It also addresses the cyclical nature of its business and the risk associated with DR Horton's significant stake."], ["20250310", "Ross Stores announced the opening of 19 new stores across 14 states, including 16 Ross Dress for Less and 3 dd's Discounts locations. This expansion is part of the company's plan to open approximately 90 new stores in fiscal year 2025 and aims to eventually grow to 2,900 Ross locations and 700 dd's Discounts stores. The company reported nearly $21.13 billion in sales for fiscal 2024, a 3.7% increase from the prior year."], ["20250310", "Clean-energy stocks, including Enphase, AES, and Nextera, surprisingly performed well during a broader market sell-off. This resilience is attributed to lower interest rates, which make financing clean-energy projects more accessible and attractive. The article highlights how these stocks were among the few winners while the S&P 500 experienced significant drops."], ["20250309", "Tariffs are expected to have a significant impact on various sports-related businesses, from equipment manufacturers like Topgolf Callaway Brands and Amer Sports to concession providers like Aramark. While some companies are insulated or even benefit from increased tariffs on competitors, the overall economic effects, including a weaker dollar and potential shifts in consumer spending habits due to inflation, are causing concern among executives. The indirect impacts, particularly on currency strength and consumer sentiment, are considered the biggest unknowns and potential threats."], ["20250308", "Marvell Technology, Inc. (MRVL) is highlighted as a top growth stock under $100, ranked first on a list compiled by Insider Monkey. The company, a global semiconductor firm, reported record revenues in Q4 2025 and fiscal year 2025, largely driven by its data center segment and strong AI demand. Despite potential macroeconomic headwinds, Marvell's strong financial performance, including significant AI revenue growth and increasing custom silicon programs, positions it as a promising investment."], ["20250307", "This article identifies International Seaways, Inc. (INSW) as a cheap growth stock to buy, highlighting its strong financial performance in 2024, strategic investments in eco-efficient vessels, and attractive dividend yield. It positions INSW within a broader discussion of growth stocks performing well in a stabilizing macroeconomic environment, emphasizing the value of companies with low P/E ratios."], ["20250306", "Home Depot is integrating generative AI into its online platform to enhance the shopping experience by answering product and project questions. This move aims to replicate in-store customer service online, offering features like design ideas and product comparisons, as the company seeks to revive sales amidst shifting consumer spending habits. Home Depot anticipates improved demand as customers adapt to higher interest rates, focusing on professional contractors and leveraging AI for functions like summarizing product reviews."], ["20250305", "The VIX, known as the \"fear index,\" and the VIXY volatility ETF have reached 2025 highs due to escalating fears of a prolonged trade war. Investors are reacting to new tariffs from the U.S. and retaliatory measures from Canada, Mexico, and China, leading to concerns about economic disruptions, inflation, and corporate profit declines. This surge highlights growing market uncertainty, prompting many to consider hedging against market volatility."], ["20250304", "European stocks and related ETFs, particularly the WisdomTree Europe Quality Dividend Growth Fund (EUDG), have shown strong performance in early 2025, significantly outperforming U.S. equities. Professional investors are increasingly bullish on European stocks, citing potential monetary stimulus in Germany and anticipated interest rate cuts by the European Central Bank. The article suggests EUDG could see further upside due to expected economic growth in Europe and a compelling value case for European equities."], ["20250303", "Denison Mines Corp (DNN) experienced a significant stock dip of 7.49% due to regulatory challenges in uranium mining. Despite current financial losses, the company shows strong financial resilience with a high current ratio and favorable leverage. Its future hinges on navigating market volatility and leveraging its role in the demand for cleaner energy, amidst rising interest rates."], ["20250303", "Sunnova's stock plummeted 64% after the company issued a \"going concern\" warning, indicating substantial doubt about its ability to continue operating for the next year. The residential solar provider missed Wall Street earnings estimates, reporting a $1.14 loss per share and $224 million in sales, attributing its struggles to high interest rates, reduced state incentives, and potential policy changes. Competitors like Sunrun and First Solar also reported mixed results, highlighting broader challenges within the solar industry."], ["20250303", "Argentine stocks on Wall Street initially rose significantly after President Javier Milei announced an upcoming agreement with the International Monetary Fund (FMI) at the opening of the National Congress's ordinary sessions. While some ADRs like Irsa and Cresud saw increases, the overall trend reversed by the end of the day, with major indexes like the Dow Jones and S&P500 experiencing declines. Milei stated the agreement aims to restore the Central Bank's assets, combat inflation, and attract investments for economic growth and job creation."], ["20250313", "Institutional investors are increasingly pivoting from collateralized loan obligations (CLOs) to collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs) as yield spreads between the two asset classes tighten. Firms like TCW Group and Columbia Threadneedle are boosting exposure to agency-backed mortgage debt, driven by favorable relative value and a surge in CMO issuance compared to corporate loan-backed securities."], ["20250328", "Crypto-related stocks are declining as Bitcoin retreats amid concerns over escalating trade tensions following President Trump's new tariff announcements. The broader crypto market is experiencing a downturn, with Bitcoin dropping 3.5% and other major cryptocurrencies also seeing significant declines, while a large amount of Bitcoin and Ethereum options expire, causing liquidations. GameStop's stock also plunged after its announcement to raise funds for Bitcoin purchases."], ["20250326", "This article details the top-performing leveraged and inverse ETFs for the week ending March 23, 2025, highlighting their impressive weekly gains. It provides a brief explanation for each ETF's performance, ranging from Indian market growth and energy price increases to shifts in financial sectors and natural gas market movements. Investors are cautioned about the rapid movements of such funds due to leverage."], ["20250318", "Vanguard does not offer a physically-backed gold ETF or mutual fund as of March 17, 2025, unlike other major asset managers. Investors seeking gold exposure through Vanguard can consider the Vanguard Global Capital Cycles Fund (VGPMX) or the Vanguard Commodity Strategy Fund (VCMDX) for indirect exposure. For direct gold exposure, investors typically use ETFs from other providers like SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD) or iShares Gold Trust (IAU), with cheaper alternatives also available."], ["20250312", "Despite evolving expectations for future rate cuts, high-yield investments continue to offer attractive yields compared to their 20-year history, supported by robust company fundamentals. Recent inflation readings and increased expectations, influenced by potential tariffs and policy changes, highlight the need for investors to strategically evaluate how high-yield assets fit into their portfolios. An asset manager can assist investors in managing high-yield allocations to align with specific investment goals."], ["20250311", "Amid market turmoil and recession concerns, investors are flocking to ultra-short bond ETFs as a safe haven, with these funds amassing over $16 billion so far this year. The iShares 0-3 Month Treasury Bond ETF (SGOV), SPDR Bloomberg 1-3 Month T-Bill ETF (BIL), and JPMorgan Ultra-Short Income ETF (JPST) are leading this surge. This trend is driven by concerns over economic downturns, uncertain trade policies, falling Treasury yields signalling anticipated Fed rate cuts, and stock market volatility."], ["20250310", "Despite a volatile past, fintech specialist Upstart Holdings Inc (NASDAQ: UPST) shows potential for a contrarian investment due to improving fundamentals and a potential short squeeze. The stock's high short interest and a dovish Federal Reserve outlook could create an enticing, albeit high-risk, opportunity for aggressive traders. A specific bull call spread expiring Nov. 21 is suggested for capturing potential upside."], ["20250306", "Bitcoin traders are on edge ahead of former President Trump's upcoming crypto summit, as volatility indices remain elevated despite recent market stabilization. While rumors of a strategic Bitcoin reserve and a weaker dollar offer some support, concerns about tariffs, potential fiscal consolidation, and an inverted yield curve suggest continued macroeconomic uncertainty. The article also provides a detailed calendar of upcoming crypto events, economic data releases, and earnings reports, along with a \"Token Talk\" section and market movements."], ["20250401", "The US stock market experienced a downturn in Q1 2025, primarily affecting AI-related growth stocks, leading to more attractive valuations across the board. Value, wide-moat, and small-cap stocks are now considered most attractive, with the overall market trading at a 5% discount to fair value. Investors are advised to overweight value and small-cap stocks, while underweighting growth, as Morningstar's economics team anticipates a reacceleration of the economy in early 2026."], ["20250401", "The Q1 2025 investment review highlights a market driven by sentiment and valuation changes, contrary to initial expectations of US exceptionalism. Key drivers include breakthroughs in AI cost, Germany's significant fiscal policy shift, and President Trump's tariff threats. Despite volatility, portfolios maintained a moderately pro-cyclical position with a rebalancing towards US investment grade fixed income, and central banks are ready to cut rates if needed, suggesting a healthy rotation and consolidation of valuations."], ["20250401", "Amidst market uncertainty, fixed income investors are advised to consider investment-grade corporate bonds for a balance between yield and credit risk. While macroeconomic factors and geopolitical risks are causing spreads between corporate bonds and Treasuries to widen, corporate profits are trending higher. The article suggests specific Vanguard ETFs for short-term, long-term, and intermediate corporate bond exposure depending on an investor's risk tolerance."], ["20250331", "J.P. Morgan's \"Climate Intuition\" report examines the critical state of the homeowners insurance market, highlighting increasing premiums due to inflation, climate change, and varied state regulations. Dr. Sarah Kapnick, Global Head of Climate Advisory, explains that these issues necessitate investment in resilience, financial innovation, and regulatory action to maintain insurer profitability. The report explores how these factors influence insurance costs and market dynamics, offering insights into potential solutions."], ["20250329", "PG&E utility bills have increased by almost 70% since 2020, with average monthly charges rising from $179 to $300, primarily due to soaring electricity rates. This comes as PG&E has requested California regulators to allow a higher rate of return for investors, which could lead to further rate hikes. Critics argue that PG&E, which reported record profits, should not burden ratepayers with additional increases, especially given that many Californians already struggle with high utility costs."], ["20250328", "U.S. equities plummeted at midday due to worse-than-forecast inflation data and lower-than-anticipated consumer sentiment. Lululemon Athletica and Oxford Industries saw their shares tumble after warning of slowing consumer spending. Conversely, Merck's shares rose on news of an upcoming injectable version of its Keytruda cancer drug, and W.R. Berkley gained after a significant investment from Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance."], ["20250328", "Tanzania's mining regulator has mandated that all gold mining firms and traders sell at least 20% of their gold to the central bank, a measure effective since October 2024. This directive aims to diversify the Bank of Tanzania's foreign exchange reserves and stabilize the depreciating Tanzanian shilling. The central bank plans to acquire six metric tons of gold this financial year, a significant increase from the 418kg purchased in the previous 12 months."], ["20250327", "Economy Minister Luis Caputo's announcement about a US$20 billion deal with the IMF failed to calm Argentine markets due to a lack of detail regarding whether the funds are new or for refinancing existing debt. This uncertainty, coupled with concerns over the disbursement calendar, net financing amount, and a new exchange rate regime, continues to drive market volatility. Analysts and brokers are awaiting further clarification, with some fearing potential devaluation and increased interest payments."], ["20250327", "Rob Arnott, founder of Research Affiliates, asserts that value investing, despite a long period of underperformance, is poised for a comeback due to changing interest rates, AI narrative, and distortions from cap-weighted index funds. He advocates for his Fundamental Index approach and discusses his new ETF, NIXT, which aims to capitalize on inefficiencies created by traditional index turnover. Arnott also touches on global value opportunities, particularly in China, and cautions against the rush into private markets."], ["20250326", "The ongoing gold rally is creating significant opportunities for gold miners, whose performance has historically lagged behind gold prices. Experts suggest that miners are generating substantial free cash flow, making them an attractive investment even if gold prices stabilize. Investors can gain exposure to this sector through ETFs like the Sprott Gold Miners ETF (SGDM), which focuses on large-cap gold companies."], ["20250326", "The outdoor recreation industry experienced significant turbulence in 2024 and 2025, following a pandemic-induced boom. Factors like overproduction, fluctuating consumer demand, inflation, and political uncertainty led to revenue shortfalls, layoffs, and company closures. While the market appears to be stabilizing, brands are approaching future growth and hiring with increased caution."], ["20250325", "As economic uncertainty and recession risks increase, investors are increasingly turning to bonds for their low correlation to equities. Eaton Vance, a bond pioneer since 1989 and part of Morgan Stanley Investment Management, offers a comprehensive suite of actively managed bond ETFs. These range from ultra-short and short-duration income funds, including tax-advantaged municipal bond ETFs, to broad market, high-yield, and floating-rate bond ETFs, providing diverse options for investors seeking income and capital preservation."], ["20250324", "Last week, the stock market saw moderate gains across major indices, driven by the Fed's decision to hold interest rates steady, NVIDIA's GTC event, and mixed retail sales data. Against this backdrop, several leveraged ETFs performed well, including those focused on energy, uranium, Brazilian stocks, and financials. These ETFs capitalized on the week's market movements, with MicroSectors Energy 3X Leveraged ETNs, Defiance Daily Target 2x Long Uranium ETF, ProShares Ultra MSCI Brazil Capped, and Direxion Daily Financial Bull 3X Shares showing significant gains."], ["20250324", "Goldman Sachs Asset Management foresees a broadening landscape of equity market opportunities for active investors in 2025, moving beyond the dominance of US mega-cap tech. The report highlights potential in small-cap companies, developed markets like Japan and Europe, and emerging markets such as India and specific sectors in China. Investors are encouraged to pursue diversified, active strategies and explore long-term themes like reshoring and increased energy demand."], ["20250324", "This article discusses the Calamos Alternative Nasdaq & Bond ETF (CANQ) as a hybrid strategy to reduce volatility and capture uncapped upside in uncertain markets. CANQ combines fixed-income investments, including senior loans, corporate bonds, and high-yield bonds, with tactical exposure to the Nasdaq-100 through FLEX\u00ae Options and single-stock allocations. This approach aims to provide yield and blunt losses from equity market fluctuations."], ["20250323", "The fixed-income market is experiencing a \"very rare trend,\" with bond fund inflows nearly matching equity fund inflows, driven by investor flight to safety amid stock market volatility. Two significant beneficiaries are actively managed core bond funds and short-duration bond funds, particularly those investing in AI data center bonds and \"ultra-short\" treasuries. Experts suggest that active management in bonds can outperform traditional indexes like the AGG, with opportunities in new sectors like AI data centers and specific real estate markets."], ["20250323", "Amidst stock market volatility, investors are increasingly turning to bonds, leading to a \"very rare trend\" where bond fund inflows are nearly matching equity flows. Actively managed bond ETFs that invest in opportunities like AI data center bonds and ultra-short treasuries are seeing significant benefits. This shift highlights a renewed interest in diversified portfolios, with active managers seeking to outperform traditional bond indexes by investing in new market segments."], ["20250322", "Investors grappling with stock market volatility should consider increasing their exposure to bonds, particularly short-term bonds, according to Alex Morris, CEO of F/m Investments. Morris believes that bonds can offer a safe haven, especially given potential future market challenges and current economic and tariff risks. Jeffrey Katz of TCW also supports fixed income, noting that bonds are performing as expected in a balanced portfolio, with the TCW Flexible Income ETF holding high-yielding U.S. Treasury notes."], ["20250317", "Vanguard does not offer a dedicated gold ETF or mutual fund, unlike other major asset managers. However, investors can gain indirect exposure to gold through Vanguard's Global Capital Cycles Fund (VGPMX) and Vanguard Commodity Strategy Fund (VCMDX). For direct gold investment, investors typically turn to ETFs from State Street (GLD, GLDM) or BlackRock (IAU, IAUM)."], ["20250317", "Allianz Global Investors highlights that short-duration high yield bonds offer attractive returns with low volatility, making them a strong complement to core fixed income portfolios. Karen Chen, senior product specialist, notes that these bonds have historically delivered equity-like returns and successfully navigated various market crises. The article details the growth and improved quality of the high yield market, and showcases the strong performance of the Allianz US Short Duration High Income strategy."], ["20250312", "Japan's 10-year government bond yield reached its highest level since 2008 at 1.575% on March 10, 2025, driven by strong wage growth data and expectations of further interest rate hikes by the Bank of Japan. While a May rate hike is uncertain, market predictions suggest an 85% probability by July. This environment may benefit value-based and small-cap Japanese ETFs, as well as un-hedged Japan ETFs and the Japanese Yen currency trust, despite potential yen strengthening."], ["20250312", "This article provides a monthly market review for March 2025 covering the Indian equity, debt, and gold markets. It highlights the continued volatility in equities due to FII selloffs, a significant interest rate cut by the RBI, and gold reaching new highs amid global uncertainties. The outlook suggests ongoing caution for equities, opportunities in longer-duration debt funds, and sustained interest in gold as a portfolio diversifier."], ["20250312", "Amidst economic uncertainty and a significant sell-off in equity markets, the article suggests pivoting to fixed income exposure. The Eaton Vance Total Return Bond ETF (EVTR) is highlighted as a potentially valuable option due to its diversified fixed income assets and core-plus strategy which includes a small high-yield allocation. EVTR, an actively managed fund, has seen substantial inflows, indicating its growing appeal in the current macroeconomic climate."], ["20250310", "Brazilian banks are encountering new regulatory hurdles that are impacting their capital management, limiting lending capacity amidst rising interest rates and anticipated payment delinquencies. These regulations, aligning with global standards, mandate the rapid utilization of significant tax assets and introduce new methods for calculating loan-loss provisions. While these changes pose immediate challenges for banks like Banco Bradesco SA and Itau Unibanco Holdings SA, the central bank believes the reforms will ultimately strengthen the Brazilian banking sector, maintaining credit supply through strategic adjustments."], ["20250308", "Todd Swims, President/CEO of Leaders Credit Union in Jackson, has been appointed to the St. Louis Federal Reserve's Community Depository Institutions Advisory Council (CDIAC). He is one of three new members who will serve three-year terms starting in 2025. The CDIAC provides input to the St. Louis Fed President on economic and lending conditions, meeting twice a year."], ["20250307", "The U.S. mortgage-backed securities (MBS) market is expanding and becoming more efficient due to electronification, making it a promising area for fixed income investors. Despite past illiquidity issues, new technological advancements are making MBS more accessible, with a significant increase in issuance to $1.1 trillion by Q3 of last year. ETFs like the Vanguard Mortgage-Backed Securities Index Fund ETF Shares (VMBS) offer an all-inclusive and cost-effective option for retail investors to gain exposure to this evolving market."], ["20250307", "Investors are increasingly shifting capital to European equities, particularly German stocks, due to high U.S. valuations and compelling opportunities abroad. Germany's DAX Index is significantly outperforming the S&P 500, driven by strong earnings and favorable policy reforms. This signals a potential end to U.S. market dominance and highlights the importance of global diversification."], ["20250307", "CARMIGNAC CREDIT 2031 is a dated bond fund by Carmignac, characterized by a credit market carry strategy. It has an asset under management of 390 million euros, following its merger with Carmignac Credit 2025. The fund aims for an annual performance of 2.78% (for A EUR Acc and A EUR Ydis parts) and focuses on investment-grade bonds with an average rating of AAA."], ["20250305", "The article discusses the concept of stagflation, an economic condition characterized by low growth and high inflation, which has not been seen since the 1970s. It advises investors on how to hedge against these risks by focusing on value and growth stocks, particularly highlighting the energy sector and consumer staples. Specific stock recommendations include Transocean (RIG) and PepsiCo (PEP), detailing their potential benefits during a stagflationary period."], ["20250305", "The US economy is showing signs of slowing GDP growth, largely due to tariff concerns, with expectations of a 1.5% drop in Q1 GDP. Meanwhile, the Federal Reserve is currently prioritizing inflation risks over growth risks, while the European Central Bank is expected to implement rate cuts. Global investors are closely monitoring tariff impacts, inflation resurgence, actions by central banks, and China's economic policies."], ["20250305", "BBVA Argentina's net income declined by 0.4% in 2024 compared to 2023, primarily due to interest rate cuts and lower inflation. Despite this, the bank tripled its private loan portfolio in pesos, grew client numbers, and significantly increased digital transactions. The CFO highlighted the bank's resilience in maintaining similar real returns on equity and assets despite a challenging economic environment."], ["20250303", "Oil prices dropped by about 2% to a 12-week low due to reports that OPEC+ plans to increase oil output in April, coupled with concerns that potential U.S. tariffs could negatively impact global economic growth and oil demand. Brent crude settled at $71.62 a barrel, and U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude settled at $68.37. Analysts attribute the price decline to various factors including the OPEC+ decision, U.S. manufacturing data, Ukraine peace talks, and the looming threat of U.S. tariffs."], ["20250303", "Elevated interest rates, at levels not seen since 2007, are making fixed income an increasingly attractive asset class for investors seeking higher yields and diversification. Asset owners are increasing their allocations to fixed income, with public pension funds raising their exposure significantly. While some strategists recommend areas like leveraged loans and securitized assets, many see the U.S. bond market, particularly U.S. mortgage-backed securities, as the standout opportunity, often preferring it over non-U.S. or emerging markets due to stronger U.S. growth and less currency uncertainty."], ["20250303", "This article discusses how investors can navigate uncertainty in financial markets, emphasizing that while current economic and geopolitical factors create high policy uncertainty, the global economy has a long-term record of growth due to companies adapting and innovating. It suggests that a well-diversified portfolio and a focus on long-term financial goals, rather than short-term market volatility, are key strategies to manage risk and achieve investment objectives. The article also highlights that ambiguity aversion can lead investors to avoid markets entirely, but history shows continual economic progress despite ongoing uncertainties."], ["20250303", "The article highlights that long-term bond ETFs like ZROZ and EDV have significantly outperformed other fixed-income ETFs due to falling consumer confidence and expectations of slower economic growth, leading to a decline in long-term Treasury yields. It explains how these rate-sensitive ETFs work, their high duration, and identifies suitable investors while also cautioning about their high volatility and downside risk if interest rates rise."], ["20250319", "The BlackRock High Yield V.I. Fund experienced a 0.28% return for Q4 2024, with bank loan allocations contributing positively and investment-grade bonds detracting. The outlook for the year is optimistic, anticipating constructive growth, moderating inflation, and a continued modest adjustment of policy rates downwards by central banks. The article provides a summary of the fund's performance and future expectations."], ["20250318", "The European self-storage industry is experiencing significant growth and consolidation despite facing challenges such as inflation and economic uncertainty. Major acquisitions by companies like Shurgard Self Storage Ltd. and Safestore Holdings PLC indicate active market expansion. The industry is also evolving with the rise of container-storage sites and micro sites, increased adoption of new technology for security and marketing, and a growing focus on sustainability."], ["20250310", "Investors are pouring billions into ultra-short bond exchange-traded funds (ETFs) such as the iShares 0-3 Month Treasury Bond ETF (SGOV) and SPDR Bloomberg 1-3 Month T-Bill ETF (BIL) as recessionary concerns mount due to Donald Trump's economic policies and a stock-market rout. This flight to safety is driven by heightened recession risk and the anticipation of potential Federal Reserve interest rate cuts. Other funds like the JPMorgan Ultra-Short Income ETF (JPST) have also seen significant inflows, highlighting a general trend towards less volatile, lower-risk assets during market turmoil."]]}