{"topic": "finance", "news": [["20250901", "Rosen Law Firm reminds investors in XPLR Infrastructure, LP (f/k/a Nextera Energy Partners, LP) of the September 8, 2025, lead plaintiff deadline for a securities fraud lawsuit. The lawsuit alleges that XPLR made false and misleading statements about its operations as a yieldco, its financing arrangements, and the sustainability of its distribution growth rate. Investors who purchased common units between September 27, 2023, and January 27, 2025, may be entitled to compensation."], ["20250901", "Samuel Adams, co-founder of Vert Asset Management, believes REITs are currently undervalued, trading at a 20% discount to net asset value, and are not as susceptible to interest rate fluctuations as commonly perceived. He emphasizes the growing importance of sustainable practices in real estate, noting that green buildings financially outperform regular ones and attract tenants and better financing. Vert Asset Management integrates sustainability metrics like green building certifications, carbon emission reduction, and climate resiliency efforts to identify leading REITs for its portfolio."], ["20250901", "YD Bio Limited (Nasdaq: YDES) has completed its business combination with Breeze Holdings Acquisition Corp., with its shares and warrants now trading on Nasdaq. The transaction, approved by Breeze shareholders on August 14, 2025, along with a PIPE offering, is expected to provide over $11.5 million for future operations. This move positions YD Bio as an emerging leader in biotechnology, focused on advancing DNA methylation-based cancer detection and ophthalmologic innovations through strategic partnerships."], ["20250901", "Ozon Holdings PLC shareholders have approved the company's re-domiciliation from Cyprus to Russia. The decision was made at an extraordinary general meeting on September 1, 2025, where they also approved a new organizational and legal form for the company in Russia, set the share capital in rubles, and adopted a new charter. The company will be registered in the Kaliningrad region as MKPAO \"Ozon.\""], ["20250901", "3M Company has demonstrated strong performance over the past year, with its stock gaining 18.2% and outperforming the broader industrial sector. Despite recent declines after its Q2 2025 earnings, the company reported increased adjusted EPS and sales, though it revised its full-year organic growth forecast due to market challenges in consumer electronics and the automotive industry. Wall Street analysts maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" rating with an optimistic price target."], ["20250901", "J.B. Hunt Transport Services Inc. has promoted Brad Delco to Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance. Delco, who joined the company in 2019, previously served as Senior Vice President of Finance and has a strong background in finance and transportation industry equity research from his time at Stephens Inc. This appointment aims to strengthen J.B. Hunt's financial strategy and focus on operational excellence, cost discipline, and shareholder value, according to CEO Shelley Simpson."], ["20250901", "Houlihan Lokey has appointed Sandro Galfetti, formerly of UBS, as a managing director in its Equity Capital Solutions Group to lead its European secondaries business. Based in Zurich, Galfetti will focus on advising private fund sponsors in the EMEA region on GP-led secondary transactions, a rapidly growing segment of the private-equity market. This strategic hire aims to enhance Houlihan Lokey's presence in the European private-equity landscape."], ["20250901", "The Fundstrat Granny Shots US Large Cap ETF (NYSEARCA:GRNY) has outperformed major benchmarks like QQQ and IWF with an 18% year-to-date return, driven by its unique multi-theme crossover strategy. The ETF, launched in November 2024, has rapidly grown to $2.3 billion in assets under management despite a higher expense ratio and a relatively short track record. While technical indicators show divergence, GRNY receives a \"Buy\" rating for its alpha generation and active management."], ["20250901", "Fabi\u00e1n Kon, CEO del Banco Galicia, emphasizes the crucial role of credit in Argentina's economic development, noting that in late 2024, credit represented only 5% of the GDP. He highlights the bank's efforts to expand lending to the private sector and key industries, stressing the need for a stable currency and a deep, sustainable credit market. Kon envisions a future where Argentina achieves economic stability and growth, with a robust financial system driving development."], ["20250901", "An investment of $1000 in First Solar (FSLR) ten years ago would now be worth $4,083.47, representing a 308.35% gain. This significantly outperformed the S&P 500's 224.82% rally and gold's 191.27% return over the same period. Analysts are optimistic about FSLR's future, as the company plans substantial investments in manufacturing capacity expansion."], ["20250901", "Frontline plc (NYSE:FRO) has announced a dividend of $0.36 per share, to be paid on September 24th, with a yield of 8.5%. While the dividend yield is above the industry average, the company's dividend history has been unstable with cuts in the last decade, and its earnings per share have declined over the past five years. Despite projections for increased earnings next year, the overall sustainability of the dividend is questioned due to its past volatility and the recent cut."], ["20250901", "Faraday Future's Founder and Co-CEO YT Jia provided a weekly investor update, announcing the Middle East launch of the FX Super One for late October, with sales and first deliveries commencing in November. The update also covered progress on community engagement, ongoing stock purchases by leadership, developments in the Middle East operations including facility construction and recruitment, and the initial execution of the company's crypto treasury product. Jia acknowledged challenges with the recent Q2 earnings report and emphasized strengthening financial systems."], ["20250901", "FTI Consulting, Inc. has appointed Hitesh Tak as a Senior Managing Director in its Corporate Finance & Restructuring segment in Singapore. Tak brings over 25 years of experience in strategy, operations, and performance improvement, having advised public and private-sector organizations across Southeast Asia. His appointment aims to enhance the firm's multidisciplinary expertise in performance improvement and business transformation in complex Asian markets."], ["20250901", "DRDGOLD (NYSE:DRD) has reported strong full-year earnings, including jumps in sales and net income, along with a higher cash dividend, leading to a significant 34% share price increase over the last month. Despite its low P/E ratio of 12.5x suggesting undervaluation compared to industry and market averages, a Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) model indicates the stock might be overvalued at its current price of $15.99. Investors are prompted to consider these conflicting valuation signals and potential risks, such as slowing revenue growth."], ["20250901", "Hong Kong property developer New World Development has confirmed it is in discussions with Deutsche Bank AG about a loan facility. The company denied receiving other funding proposals, despite earlier reports suggesting its controlling family was considering a HK$10-billion capital injection through a joint venture with potential partners like Blackstone and CapitaLand. New World, known for its high debt ratios, previously secured an $11.2-billion refinancing package in June."], ["20250901", "Shinhan Financial Group, South Korea's largest financial firm, is intensifying its digital transformation by integrating stablecoins and artificial intelligence into its services. Chairman Jin Ok-dong emphasized stablecoins, AI agents, and ERP as key drivers for reshaping financial services and creating new customer value. This strategic shift was highlighted at the company's annual Analyst Day, underscoring Shinhan's commitment to innovation and readiness for a \"tidal shift\" in the global financial industry."], ["20250901", "Cheche Group Inc. reported significant growth in NEV insurance policies and improved financial performance in its Q2 earnings call, with reduced losses and higher gross margins. Despite a decrease in net revenues and revised guidance due to lower service fees for NEV premiums, the company remains optimistic, driven by strategic initiatives like AI-driven solutions and plans for global expansion in Q4 2025. Cheche aims to capture 30-40% of China's NEV market within 3-5 years and achieve full-year adjusted operating profitability."], ["20250901", "Silver futures surged past $40 per ounce, marking it as 2025's top-performing asset with a 40.7% year-to-date return, driven by anticipated Fed rate cuts, supply tightness, and geopolitical instability in Europe. Analysts predict further gains, with some forecasting silver could reach $43 by year-end and potentially $50 in 2025, supported by strong ETF demand and futures positioning. This performance significantly outpaces gold, the Invesco QQQ Trust, the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust, and Bitcoin."], ["20250901", "Direxion, a prominent ETF provider, announced a reverse split for five of its daily leveraged and inverse ETFs: NVDD, EDZ, FAZ, LABD, and SPXS. This 1-for-10 reverse split will take effect after market close on September 26, 2025, decreasing the total outstanding shares and proportionally increasing the per share net asset value and opening market price. The company emphasizes that the total market value of outstanding shares will not be affected, except for the redemption of fractional shares which may have tax implications."], ["20250901", "Twilio's CFO, Aidan Viggiano, recently sold $743,962 worth of stock under a pre-arranged trading plan. This transaction comes as Twilio's stock approaches its 52-week high, while InvestingPro analysis suggests the stock is currently undervalued. The company has also seen significant Q3 2024 revenue growth and is actively repurchasing shares."], ["20250901", "This article provides a comprehensive guide to the Lazard International Dynamic Equity ETF (IDEQ), including its stock profile, pricing, dividend information, expense ratios, holdings, and performance data. It details the fund's vitals, such as its issuer (Lazard, Inc.), expense ratio (0.40%), and inception date (May 12, 2025), along with various analytical charts and comparisons to alternative ETFs. The report also features ESG scores, geographic exposure, sector allocation, and technical analysis, aiming to offer a thorough overview for investors."], ["20250901", "America\u2019s CAR-MART in Owensboro offers affordable, quality used vehicles with financing options for customers facing credit challenges. General Manager Melissa Henson, who took over in June 2024, has been instrumental in improving sales and inventory, emphasizing customer service and community engagement. The company, which originated in 1981, aims to provide reliable transportation and support customers even after the sale through optional service contracts."], ["20250901", "Julia Stewart, previously denied the CEO role at Applebee's despite a successful turnaround, went on to lead IHOP and later orchestrated a $2.3 billion acquisition of Applebee's. Immediately after the acquisition, Stewart fired the executive who had denied her the CEO position. Under her leadership, the combined company became Dine Brands Global, a major player in the casual dining sector, and Stewart continues her business career as a board member and founder of a wellness app."], ["20250901", "Phoenix Education Partners (PXED.US), a U.S. higher education provider, has filed an application with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for an initial public offering, aiming to raise up to $100 million. The company, which operates the University of Phoenix, caters primarily to working adults, offering 72 degree-granting programs and 33 non-degree certificate programs. For the fiscal year ending August 31, 2024, its average total degree enrollment was 78,900, and its revenue for the 12 months ending May 31, 2025, was $990 million."], ["20250901", "The Rosen Law Firm is encouraging investors of PubMatic, Inc. (NASDAQ: PUBM) who purchased securities between February 27, 2025, and August 11, 2025, to secure counsel before the lead plaintiff deadline of October 20, 2025. The class action lawsuit alleges that PubMatic made misleading statements regarding a significant DSP buyer shifting clients, leading to a reduction in ad spend and revenue, which negatively impacted investors."], ["20250901", "Capital City Bank Group (NASDAQ:CCBG) announced a dividend increase to $0.26, representing a 2.2% annual yield. The company has a solid 10+ year history of dividend payments, with a low payout ratio of 27% and expected earnings growth. This suggests that the dividend is sustainable and likely to continue growing, making it an attractive income stock."], ["20250901", "Rep. Susie Lee's office clarified a July transaction involving shares of Full House Resorts, stating the sale was part of her divorce settlement and was made to her ex-husband, Dan Lee, the CEO of the company. This clarification addresses scrutiny regarding the timing of the sale, which occurred shortly before a tepid earnings report, and emphasizes her move to diversified funds. The article also notes her support for banning stock trading by Members of Congress."], ["20250901", "Argentina's two largest private banks, Grupo Financiero Galicia (GGAL) and Banco Macro (BMA), anticipate a challenging third quarter marked by compressed profit margins and rising consumer loan defaults. They attribute these pressures to increased interest rates and a volatile regulatory environment. Despite the short-term headwinds, both banks expect a gradual normalization of these conditions following the next legislative elections, projecting a recovery in margins and stabilization of loan quality."], ["20250901", "Hyliion Holdings Corp. recently held its Q2 earnings call, revealing a mix of optimism due to a new 30% investment tax credit and successful partnerships, alongside challenges from financial losses and delayed commercialization of its KARNO Power Module. Despite reporting a net loss of $13.4 million in Q2 2025 and adjusting its 2025 revenue forecast down, the company remains financially stable and is making progress in product development. Strategic agreements and continued financial support position Hyliion for potential future success, requiring careful navigation through current hurdles."], ["20250901", "Singaporean consultancy firm Enigmatig chose to list on the NYSE American primarily because its international clients are more familiar with US exchanges, rather than for higher valuations or deeper liquidity. The company, founded 15 years ago, raised about US$15 million from its IPO in June by offering approximately three million Class A ordinary shares at US$5 each. Enigmatig specializes in helping clients incorporate companies overseas and provides related corporate services like office setup, licensing, and compliance."], ["20250901", "This article provides a detailed overview of the ProShares S&P 500 Dynamic Buffer ETF (FB), including its current stock price, dividend yield, and key holdings as of August 31, 2025. It highlights the ETF's top five holdings, which include NVIDIA, Microsoft, Apple, Amazon, and Meta Platforms, and also presents various performance metrics and fundamental data."], ["20250901", "Metalpha Technology Holding Limited (NASDAQ: MATH) has announced a strategic partnership with AMINA Bank AG, a Swiss FINMA-regulated crypto bank, to develop innovative digital asset solutions for the Hong Kong market. This collaboration will initially focus on distributing Principal Fund I, offering qualified professional investors comprehensive crypto equity exposure. This move aims to provide secure, trusted, and regulated access to digital asset opportunities for ultra-high-net-worth clients amidst rising institutional demand for crypto."], ["20250901", "Funko, Inc. announced an inducement restricted stock unit award of 1,000,000 shares to its new Chief Executive Officer, Josh Simon, effective September 1, 2025. This award vests over four years and was granted in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) as an inducement for Mr. Simon to join the company. The Inducement Plan was adopted by Funko's Board of Directors in May 2024 for granting equity awards to new employees or directors."], ["20250901", "Columbia Threadneedle Investments has selected State Street Corporation to provide expanded fund accounting, administration, and custody services for its pooled funds, including ETFs, across the US and Europe. This expansion involves US$431 billion in assets and will see more than 100 Columbia Threadneedle employees transition to State Street in the US. State Street's relationship with Columbia Threadneedle dates back to the 1990s, and this agreement further solidifies their partnership to support Columbia Threadneedle's growth."], ["20250901", "This article analyzes Xcel Energy Inc.'s Return On Equity (ROE) of 9.9% and examines the role of debt in achieving this figure. It highlights that while Xcel Energy's ROE is in line with the industry average, its high debt-to-equity ratio of 1.53 suggests that debt significantly contributes to its ROE, indicating potential risk rather than robust core business profitability."], ["20250901", "The Brink's Company (NYSE:BCO) experienced a significant 32% stock price increase in the last month, bringing its year-to-date performance to virtually flat. Despite its P/E ratio of 28.9x being higher than the market average, this is attributed to strong earnings growth and a positive future outlook, with analysts forecasting 113% growth for the next year. Investors appear confident in Brink's' continued performance, supporting its elevated P/E."], ["20250831", "This article identifies 7 monthly dividend stocks with steady growth potential, emphasizing the importance of consistent dividend increases alongside high yields. It highlights Gladstone Land (LAND), SL Green Realty (SLG), and STAG Industrial (STAG) as top picks, detailing their business models, dividend yields, and market positions. The piece also includes a call to action for a free report on \"5 undervalued compounders.\""], ["20250831", "This article identifies ten Dividend Aristocrats with low price-to-earnings ratios that Wall Street might be overlooking, offering potential value for income-focused investors. It highlights the stability and consistent dividend growth of these companies, which have increased payouts for over 25 consecutive years. The piece provides an overview of three specific companies: Cardinal Health, Federal Realty Investment Trust, and A. O. Smith, detailing their business models, financial performance, and dividend track records."], ["20250831", "Edison International (EIX) recently announced dividend payouts, but these are overshadowed by intensifying concerns regarding the company's significant debt load and deteriorating financial metrics. The stock has dropped 32% over the past year, prompting investors to question whether its current valuation presents a buying opportunity or reflects deserved market skepticism. While some analysts see EIX as undervalued with a fair value of $66.23, a Discounted Cash Flow model suggests it might be overvalued, highlighting a divergence in valuation perspectives."], ["20250831", "Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in Krispy Kreme, Inc. (DNUT) by 2.7% in the first quarter, acquiring an additional 233,234 shares to own 5.20% of the company, valued at approximately $43.6 million. Despite this investment, Krispy Kreme missed analysts' earnings expectations, reporting a loss of $0.15 per share and a 13.5% decline in revenue year-over-year. Analysts have mixed ratings on the stock, with a consensus \"Hold\" rating and an average target price of $6.80."], ["20250831", "BlackRock, the world's largest investment company, has significantly increased its stake in Freedom Holding Corp. (NASDAQ: FRHC), making it the second-largest shareholder. The investment of approximately $89 million brings BlackRock's total stake to 0.85% or 520,565 shares. Freedom Holding Corp. welcomes this growing interest from global institutional investors, viewing it as a confirmation of their business resilience and strategic potential in international markets."], ["20250831", "BILL Holdings, Inc. recently reported its latest yearly results, with revenues in line with analyst expectations and statutory earnings per share significantly beating estimates. Despite revenue forecasts being reconfirmed for 2026, analysts have substantially increased their per-share loss estimates. Consequently, the consensus price target remained unchanged, suggesting that while the immediate earnings outlook is mixed, the company's intrinsic value is perceived as stable."], ["20250831", "Over the past year, AngloGold Ashanti (NYSE:AU) insiders have been net sellers, with the CEO and Executive Director, Alberto Calderon, selling US$1.6 million worth of shares, representing 30% of his holdings. While insider selling can be a cautionary sign, especially when done below the current price, the company's insider ownership remains at a modest 0.08%. The article suggests investors consider other factors and flags two warning signs for AngloGold Ashanti."], ["20250831", "Alterity Therapeutics (ASX:ATH) is assessed to be in a strong financial position to fund its growth, despite being a pre-revenue company. With AU$41 million in cash and a cash burn of AU$11 million, the company has a cash runway of about 3.6 years. Analysts also anticipate that Alterity Therapeutics will break even before running out of cash, indicating a positive outlook for its financial sustainability."], ["20250831", "Alnylam Pharmaceuticals is advancing its RNA-interfering therapeutic, zilebesiran, into a phase 3 cardiovascular outcomes trial called ZENITH for uncontrolled hypertension, based on findings from the KARDIA phase 2 program. The ZENITH trial will enroll approximately 11,000 patients and evaluate zilebesiran's effect on cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, or hospitalization for heart failure. Although the KARDIA-3 trial missed its primary endpoint for statistical significance across both doses, it demonstrated modest blood pressure reductions and manageable safety, supporting further investigation into its long-term cardiovascular benefits."], ["20250831", "Canadian Pacific Kansas City Ltd (CP) strengthened its financial position by amending an existing credit agreement, extending the maturity dates for its 5-year and 2-year credit facilities to June 25, 2030, and June 25, 2027, respectively. The company, which operates the first and only single-line railway network in North America, undertook this restructuring with the Bank of Montreal. While recognizing CP's investment potential, the article suggests that certain AI stocks may offer higher returns and lower downside risk."], ["20250831", "Korean individual investors are significantly investing in US-listed crypto firms like Bitmine, Circle Internet Group, and Coinbase, having purchased over $12 billion worth of shares this year. This trend indicates a shift from previous investments in tech giants, with investors continuing to buy even as crypto-related stock prices fall. Their strong appetite for these stocks is reshaping global financial flows and is influenced by stablecoin legislation."], ["20250831", "This article highlights Liquidia Corporation (NASDAQ: LQDA) as a hot mid-cap stock to buy, citing its strong performance and increased price target from BTIG. BTIG raised its price target for Liquidia from $40 to $49 with a Buy rating, based on stronger-than-expected adoption of YUTREPIA. The firm also significantly increased its revenue estimates for YUTREPIA for both 2025 and 2026."], ["20250831", "Affirm Holdings Inc. (AFRM) saw its stock rise by 10.59% due to strong consumer spending and new partnerships with Google Pay and Boot Barn, pushing its price target to $91 according to JPMorgan. Despite strong gross margins, the company faces profitability concerns with a negative pretax margin, though revenue growth remains promising. Insider stock sales by Max Levchin introduced some market resistance, but overall analyst sentiment remains positive, with strategic alliances underpinning a favorable outlook."], ["20250831", "The article provides a detailed financial overview for the Select Sector SPDR Trust - State Street Health Care Select Sector SPDR ETF (ARCA:XLV), including its market performance, key financial metrics, and company details. It highlights the ETF's \"Mediocre balance sheet unattractive dividend payer\" snowflake analysis, noting its revenue, gross profit, and negative net profit margin. The fund, launched in 1998, invests in U.S. public equity markets focused on the healthcare sector."], ["20250831", "BlackRock, Inc. has invested approximately $89 million in Freedom Holding Corp. (FRHC), acquiring an additional 443,965 shares to bring its total holding to 520,565 shares. This investment positions BlackRock as FRHC's second-largest shareholder, owning a 0.85% stake in the company. The move is seen as a sign of confidence in Freedom Holding Corp.'s business resilience and strategic potential in international markets."], ["20250831", "Silvercorp Metals (SVM) reported strong fiscal Q1 2026 results with significant silver, gold, lead, and zinc production and revenue of $81.3 million. Analysts at Raymond James and Roth MKM have raised price targets and maintained Buy/Outperform ratings, with a median price target suggesting a 32.26% upside. Despite the positive outlook for SVM, the article also notes that other AI stocks might offer greater upside potential with less risk."], ["20250831", "NeoGenomics (NEO) stock surged 22.05% following advancements in oncology services, despite Piper Sandler reducing its price target to $11 from $12 while maintaining an Overweight rating. The company faces financial challenges, including negative profitability indicators and net losses, but demonstrates strong liquidity and operational efficiency with a 43.9% gross margin. Technical analysis shows a bullish trend and strong buyer interest, suggesting a potential for continued upward movement with careful risk management."], ["20250831", "Fangdd Network Group Ltd.'s (DUO) stock surged by 49.36% following a strategic shift to refocus on core business areas, despite current financial challenges including a significant pre-tax loss and negative enterprise value. While technical analysis suggests short-term trading opportunities with caution, an industry expert highlights ongoing systemic financial weaknesses and inefficiency, maintaining a negative outlook. The company's future performance hinges on effective strategic realignment and cost management to achieve profitability."], ["20250831", "Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C., a stockholder rights law firm, is investigating potential claims against Coty Inc. (NYSE:COTY) on behalf of its stockholders. This investigation follows Coty's August 20, 2025 announcement of unexpected losses and disappointing guidance for its fiscal year 2025 and fourth quarter, which led to a significant drop in its stock price. The firm encourages investors who suffered losses to contact them to discuss their legal options."], ["20250831", "This article provides a detailed stock research report for StableX Technologies (NAQ:SBLX), covering its current share price, financial metrics, performance data, and upcoming events. It highlights the company's focus on stablecoin assets and infrastructure, its management team, and analyst consensus, classifying it as a \"Neutral\" stock based on quality, value, and momentum."], ["20250831", "Analysts have revised down earnings estimates for Campbell Soup (CPB) and issued a \"Strong Sell\" rating, despite expectations for modest revenue growth. The stock has underperformed the broader market and is down 33% from a year ago, leading to questions about whether it represents a value opportunity. Simply Wall St's DCF model suggests the stock is undervalued, contrasting with the bearish analyst sentiment."], ["20250830", "Over the past year, insiders at Northern Trust Corporation have sold a significant amount of stock, totaling US$10 million, which may indicate caution. While buying by insiders is generally more telling, a pattern of multiple insiders selling warrants attention. The recent trend shows more selling than buying in the last three months, suggesting a potentially bearish outlook despite the company's growing earnings and high insider ownership."], ["20250830", "This article provides a financial overview of The India Fund, Inc. (NYSE: IFN), detailing its market capitalization, recent stock price performance, and key financial metrics like revenue and earnings. It also includes information about the fund's investment strategy, recent news such as dividend announcements, and lists several of its competitors in the financial market."], ["20250830", "BlackRock has become the second-largest shareholder of Freedom Holding, investing nearly $89 million and acquiring 0.85% of the company's shares. This move places the investment giant alongside other major shareholders like State Street Corp. and Geode Capital Management. Freedom Holding, led by Kazakhstani businessman Timur Turlov, reported strong financial performance for fiscal year 2025, with revenue up 23% year-on-year."], ["20250830", "Verb Technology Company has announced its rebranding to TON Strategy Company, effective September 2, 2025, with a new Nasdaq ticker symbol TONX. This change reflects the company's strategic focus on the TON blockchain and Toncoin, aiming to build a long-term treasury in $TON. The company recently closed a significant private placement and reported substantial treasury assets, reinforcing its commitment to the TON ecosystem."], ["20250830", "Pheton Holdings Ltd. Class A (PTHL) has acquired a 30% stake in Geri-Safe, Ltd. by issuing 4,000,000 new Class A ordinary shares. This strategic acquisition aims to enhance Pheton Holdings' presence in the medical device sector and leverage Geri-Safe's FDA-cleared technologies and patent portfolio. The deal is expected to boost innovation and market capabilities for Pheton Holdings."], ["20250830", "Franklin Templeton, VanEck, and Canary Capital have filed amended S-1 forms for their proposed Solana Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These revisions include detailed custody arrangements, tax language concerning staking rewards, new risk disclosures, and the appointment of Marinade Finance as an exclusive staking provider for Canary Capital. The multiple filings signify ongoing communication with the SEC and a strong institutional interest in Solana ETFs."], ["20250830", "Studio City International Holdings (MSC) has reported its Q2 2025 financial results, highlighting the repayment of its 2025 Studio City Finance Notes to manage debt. Despite this strategic financial move, TipRanks' AI Analyst, Spark, rates MSC as Neutral due to weak financial performance, high leverage, and negative profitability. The company operates in the entertainment and hospitality industry, primarily in Macau."], ["20250830", "Procter & Gamble's 2025 Annual Report highlights the company's strategic choices for future growth, focusing on superior product performance, brand communication, and retail execution. Chairman and CEO Jon R. Moeller emphasizes P&G's commitment to adapting and winning, despite anticipated challenges, by investing in its strategy to drive market growth and deliver value to stakeholders. The report asserts P&G is well-positioned for future success by prioritizing consumer needs and continuously innovating its offerings."], ["20250830", "This page provides financial data and charts for the Innovator ETFs Trust - Innovator Equity Premium Income Daily PutWrite ETF (SPUT) from MacroTrends and CMLViz.com. It includes real-time market data for major indices and SPUT's current stock price. The content also lists various financial tools and services offered by Capital Market Laboratories."], ["20250830", "This page provides technical analysis data for the Innovator Equity Premium Income Daily PutWrite ETF (SPUT), including pivot points, technical indicators, and moving averages. It also displays current market indices like SPX, Dow 30, QQQ, and VIX. The article highlights the current stock price and daily change for SPUT."], ["20250830", "The JPMORGAN BETABUILDERS U.S. TREASURY BOND 20+ YEAR ETF (JPBT) will undergo ex-dividend on September 2, 2025. Shareholders will receive a dividend of 0.35325 USD per share."], ["20250830", "This article identifies three highly reliable real estate investment trusts (REITs) as excellent options for passive income: Essex Property Trust, Federal Realty Investment Trust, and Realty Income. Each of these REITs has a long track record of consistently increasing dividends, driven by strategic property investments and robust financial health. They are presented as super-safe options for investors looking for durable income streams from real estate."], ["20250830", "The article provides an overview of Eastern International Ltd.'s (NasdaqCM:ELOG) insider trading activity and ownership structure. It details the breakdown of ownership among institutions, the general public, private companies, and individual insiders, noting that insiders own 40% of the company. The report also lists the top six shareholders, including Eastern Worldwide Logistics Group Inc. and Weimei Huang, and confirms data sources and the frequency of data updates."], ["20250830", "Hyperscale Data (GPUS) announced a $125 million 'at-the-market' equity offering program to fund Bitcoin acquisitions, develop a Michigan data facility, acquire XRP, and for general corporate purposes. Despite this new program aimed at strengthening its financial position and expanding operations, TipRanks' AI Analyst, Spark, rates GPUS as \"Underperform\" due to poor financial performance and negative technical indicators. The company plans to divest its subsidiary Ault Capital Group in Q1 2026."], ["20250830", "This article provides financial statements and charts for the GraniteShares 2x Long SMCI Daily ETF (SMCL) on MacroTrends via CMLViz.com. It indicates current stock performance data including its price, change, and percentage change. The content appears to be a stub or a landing page for more detailed financial information."], ["20250830", "This page provides financial statements and charts for the Thrivent ETF Trust - Thrivent Small-Mid Cap Equity ETF (TSME) from MacroTrends. It includes real-time stock data and general market indices. The content also features links to various market analysis tools and company information."], ["20250830", "Gamehaus Holdings Inc. (GMHS) stock surged by 57.52% following the launch of a new gaming console and strategic European expansion. The company exhibits strong financials with significant stockholders\u2019 equity and working capital, and analysts maintain a positive outlook with a pivotal price target of $2.00. Technical analysis suggests a bullish sentiment, recommending a long position if the stock breaks above the $1.94 resistance level."], ["20250830", "A summer consumer tax survey by Vertex Inc. (VERX) indicates that evolving consumer shopping behaviors, characterized by earlier and more complex purchasing cycles, are driving a heightened need for automated tax technology among retailers. This demand aims to manage compliance complexities across multiple sales channels and shifting promotional periods. The article suggests this trend could positively influence Vertex's investment outlook, reinforcing its strategy centered on regulatory complexity and digital transformation in tax automation."], ["20250830", "Cheche Group Inc. (NASDAQ:CCG), an auto insurance transaction service provider with a US$66m market cap, is projected to reach breakeven soon. Analysts anticipate the company will post a final loss in 2025 before achieving a profit of CN\u00a546m in 2026, driven by an estimated annual growth rate of 113%. The company has also maintained prudent capital management with a low debt-to-equity ratio of 37%."], ["20250830", "FiscalNote Holdings (NOTE) announced a 1-for-12 reverse stock split for its Class A and Class B common stock, effective August 29, 2025, with trading on a split-adjusted basis beginning September 2, 2025, on the NYSE. The move aims to consolidate shares without altering par value or stockholder rights, maintaining percentage ownership and voting power. Analysts currently rate NOTE as a Hold with a $0.50 price target, while TipRanks' AI Analyst, Spark, assigns a Neutral rating due to financial challenges despite some positive developments."], ["20250830", "JPMorgan BetaBuilders USD Investment Grade Corporate Bond ETF (BBCB.US) is scheduled to go ex-dividend on September 2nd, 2025, with a dividend payment of $0.19045 per share. Shareholders of record on that date will receive the dividend on September 4th, 2025. The article also provides a general explanation of cash and stock dividends."], ["20250830", "JPMORGAN BETABUILDERS U.S. TREASURY BOND 3-10 YEAR ETF (BBIB.US) is scheduled to go ex-dividend on September 2nd, 2025. Shareholders of record on this date will receive a cash dividend of 0.33321 USD per share, payable on September 4th, 2025. The article also provides general definitions of cash and stock dividends."], ["20250830", "Pheton Holdings Ltd. has announced its definitive agreement to acquire a 51% majority stake in iTonic Corporation, a home health platforms specialist. The acquisition, which involves issuing Class A ordinary shares and warrants to iTonic shareholders, aims to strengthen Pheton's position in the home health market by integrating iTonic\u2019s technology for expanded patient care services. Pheton Holdings operates in healthcare technology, focusing on solutions for medication dispensing, supply chain management, virtual care, and patient monitoring."], ["20250830", "Armlogi Holding (NASDAQ:BTOC) utilizes debt in its operations, with net debt of US$706.2k and significant liabilities totaling US$111.5m more than its cash and short-term receivables. The company reported an EBIT loss of US$15m and negative free cash flow of US$11m in the last year, despite revenue growth of 8.8%. These factors suggest a risky financial position that shareholders should monitor closely."], ["20250830", "Jose Collazo, President of Northeast Community Bancorp (NASDAQ:NECB), recently sold US$121k worth of stock, reducing his total holding by 5.0%. While this was the largest insider sale in the past year, general insider selling at the company has outweighed buying, suggesting caution is warranted for potential investors despite existing insider ownership. The article highlights that insiders own 5.3% of the company, valued at approximately US$14 million."], ["20250830", "Cel-Sci Corporation's future hinges on the success of its Multikine (Leukocyte Interleukin Injection) Phase III trial for head and neck cancer, especially since its shares have dropped 90% this year. The company's unique pre-surgery immunotherapy and the LEAPS technology offer potential, but with no product revenue, regulatory approval is critical. Investors are in a wait-and-see mode given the high-risk, high-reward nature of this clinical-stage biotech."], ["20250830", "Janus Henderson's newly tokenized Anemoy AAA CLO Strategy has received a $1 billion allocation from the Sky ecosystem via the credit infrastructure DeFi protocol Grove. This move signifies a growing intersection between traditional finance (TradFi) and decentralized finance (DeFi), with CLOs being identified as assets \"ripe for movement into DeFi.\" The firm previously launched a tokenized US Treasury bill fund and sees this as preparation for blockchain's long-term transformation of traditional finance."], ["20250829", "B.Riley Financial has reiterated its \"Buy\" rating for IREN Ltd (IREN.US) and increased the target price from $22 to $29. Analyst Nick Giles, who has a 63.6% success rate and a 22.7% average return over the past year according to TipRanks, made the adjustment. This analysis is provided for informational purposes and is not an investment recommendation."], ["20250829", "Eaton Vance Risk-Managed Diversified Equity Income Fund (ETJ) announced that its Board of Trustees appointed Scott E. Wennerholm as Chairperson for a four-year term on August 27, 2025. He succeeds Susan J. Sutherland, who had been acting Chairperson since August 9, 2025. This appointment follows the passing of the former Chairperson."], ["20250829", "CBL International Limited (NASDAQ: BANL) will present at the Emerging Growth Conference on September 24, 2025, at 1:10 PM Eastern Time. Dr. Teck Lim Chia, Chairman and CEO, and Ms. Venus Zhao, IR and PR Director, will discuss the Company's growth strategy and commitment to sustainable marine fuels. Individual and institutional investors, advisors, and analysts are invited to attend the interactive presentation and Q&A session."], ["20250829", "Bruchou & Funes de Rioja and EGFA Abogados advised on a syndicated loan for Empresa Distribuidora de Energ\u00eda Norte S.A. (EDEN) worth ARS 60.7 billion. Bruchou & Funes de Rioja represented a syndicate of banks, including Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Argentina) S.A.U., Banco BBVA Argentina S.A., Banco CMF S.A., Banco Mariva S.A., Banco Patagonia S.A., and Banco de San Juan S.A., while EGFA Abogados advised EDEN, an energy distribution company in Buenos Aires Province. Banco CMF S.A. also acted as trustee for a guarantee granted by EDEN to the banks."], ["20250829", "Centrus Energy Corp. (NYSE American: LEU) announced its management will participate in several investor events in September 2025 across London and New York. These events include one-on-one investor meetings at conferences hosted by TD Securities, William Blair, UBS, H.C. Wainwright, and Lake Street, as well as a virtual fireside chat moderated by J.P. Morgan and participation in the New York Stock Exchange's Virtual Energy & Utilities Investor Access Day. The company is a key American supplier of nuclear fuel, specializing in High-Assay, Low-Enriched Uranium."], ["20250829", "Amplify ETFs has filed documents to launch an XRP Monthly Option Income ETF, signaling growing interest in derivative-based cryptocurrency investment products. This move reflects an increasing institutional demand for structured investment vehicles that offer both exposure to digital assets like XRP and potential income from options strategies. The initiative aligns with broader institutional adoption of digital assets by firms such as BlackRock and Fidelity, suggesting continued integration of traditional finance and blockchain innovation."], ["20250829", "Willis Towers Watson (WTW) has launched Gemini, a new digital insurance platform designed to manage complex risks and unpredictable market conditions. This initiative aims to provide clients with greater reliability and efficiency, backed by A+ rated Lloyd\u2019s syndicates, and is expected to enhance WTW's financial performance through revenue growth and streamlined operations. Other industry players like Aon and Marsh & McLennan are also leveraging digital innovation to improve client services and operational efficiency."], ["20250829", "United Therapeutics (UTHR) has expanded its partnership with MannKind Corporation, adding a new investigational molecule to its pipeline, which could create future revenue streams. Despite a 15% stock drop over the past year, the company shows positive annual revenue and net income growth. Analysts are optimistic about UTHR's valuation, projecting it to be significantly undervalued with a fair value of $380.57, driven by anticipated growth in personalized and regenerative medicine."], ["20250829", "Travelers Property Casualty Company of America lost a $27 million fire insurance claim battle against Maxus Metropolitan after a 2018 fire at an apartment complex. The Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed most of the district court's decision, including that microscopic soot could constitute \"direct physical loss or damage\" and that Travelers' handling of the claim was vexatious. This case highlights the critical importance for insurers of clear policy wording, thorough claim investigations, and effective communication with policyholders to avoid lengthy and costly disputes."], ["20250829", "ServisFirst Bancshares (NYSE:SFBS) has seen recent insider selling, with the Chairman selling US$2.0m worth of stock and the Executive VP & COO selling US$4.6m over the last year. While the company maintains high insider ownership (7.6%), the sales raise questions, especially since no insider purchases have occurred in the past year, despite the company's profitability and growth. This pattern suggests caution, prompting investors to consider potential risks alongside the positive aspects like insider alignment."], ["20250829", "High Roller Technologies has appointed Seth Young as its new chief executive officer, effective September 1st, replacing outgoing CEO Ben Clemes. Young, who joined the company in April as SVP of corporate strategy and investor relations, brings extensive experience from PointsBet and Foxwoods Resort Casino. The company's chairman, Michael Cribari, expressed confidence in Young's ability to lead High Roller's future growth."], ["20250829", "Amdocs Ltd (NASDAQ:DOX) has been identified as an undervalued stock with strong fundamentals, according to a ChartMill analysis. The company exhibits attractive valuation metrics, robust profitability, and stable financial health, albeit with some liquidity concerns. Its moderate growth, consistent dividend history, and potential for long-term appreciation make it an appealing prospect for value investors."], ["20250829", "PGIM Municipal Income Opportunities ETF (PMIO) is scheduled to go ex-dividend on September 2, 2025. The ETF will distribute a dividend of 0.17857 USD per share to its shareholders. This event is relevant for investors tracking dividend income from municipal bond ETFs."], ["20250829", "Picard Medical, Inc. announced the pricing of its initial public offering (IPO) of 4,250,000 shares at $4.00 per share, raising $17 million in gross proceeds. The shares will trade on NYSE American, LLC under the ticker \"PMI\" starting August 29, 2025. The company plans to use the funds for market expansion in China, product research and development, building sales capabilities, debt repayment, and general corporate purposes."], ["20250829", "NexGen Energy Director Bradley Wall recently sold CA$2.0m worth of stock, reducing his holding by 50%. While this is a significant sale, the shares were sold at a price higher than the current market value. Insider selling from other individuals, including the Founder, also occurred over the last year, suggesting caution despite high levels of insider ownership."], ["20250829", "Marcus & Millichap has successfully brokered the sale of a 20-unit multifamily portfolio in Miami Beach, Florida, for $5.25 million. The portfolio consists of two renovated buildings in the North Beach area, an all-cash transaction facilitated by Marcus & Millichap's marketing platform. This sale highlights the ongoing revitalization in the North Miami Beach market."], ["20250829", "The US IPO market had a quiet week with four small issuers and two SPACs pricing offerings, though the calendar is expected to become busier in the fall. Notable pricings included artificial heart maker Picard Medical, preclinical biotech Curanex Pharmaceuticals, and two SPACs targeting crypto and blockchain. Several new companies also joined the pipeline, indicating an anticipated increase in IPO activity."], ["20250829", "BlackRock is significantly expanding its presence in the crypto industry with new investment products like ETHA, the iShares Ethereum Trust ETF, which provides institutional investors with regulated exposure to Ethereum. This move consolidates BlackRock's role as a bridge between traditional finance and decentralized finance, offering transparent and compliant pathways to digital assets. The company's strategic partnerships and innovative offerings, including the iShares Bitcoin Trust (IBIT), highlight its commitment to shaping the future of crypto investment."], ["20250829", "Edison International (EIX) announced preferred dividends, signaling a commitment to shareholders amidst electrification and grid modernization efforts. The company's stock rose 4% over the past month, aligning with broader market trends, although its one-year returns lag the US market and Electric Utilities industry. Analysts forecast continued revenue growth but anticipate a slight decrease in profit margins."], ["20250829", "Two inspectors, Liam Treibert and Michael Vasconcellos, have been charged with wire fraud for faking hundreds of safety checks on Con Edison natural gas pipelines in New York City and Westchester County over a nine-year period. This scheme, which spanned from 2016 to 2023, involved falsifying inspection records, leading Con Edison to spend millions on retesting and repairs. The fraudulent activities jeopardized public safety by potentially allowing defective welds to go unnoticed."], ["20250829", "Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP announced a class action lawsuit against Dow Inc. for investors who purchased securities between January 30, 2025, and July 23, 2025. The lawsuit alleges that Dow overstated its ability to mitigate macroeconomic and tariff-related headwinds and understated the negative impacts on its business, particularly concerning competitive and pricing pressures, softening global sales, and an oversupply of products. These claims are supported by BMO Capital's downgrade of Dow to \"Underperform\" in June 2025 and disappointing Q2 2025 financial results, which led to a significant drop in stock price and a dividend cut."], ["20250829", "Celsius Holdings and PepsiCo have significantly strengthened their strategic partnership. This involves Celsius's Alani Nu brand joining PepsiCo's distribution system, PepsiCo acquiring an additional $585 million in Celsius convertible preferred stock, and Celsius acquiring the Rockstar Energy brand in the U.S. and Canada from PepsiCo. These moves aim to create a unified energy portfolio, expand distribution for Alani Nu, and broaden Celsius Holdings' product offerings, aligning both companies for enhanced growth in the energy drink market."], ["20250829", "Despite economic uncertainties like tariffs and interest rates, the appetite for franchise lending remains strong among banks. Lenders like Cadence Bank and Paragon Bank are observing cautious optimism and continued activity, especially with the reestablishment of the SBA Franchise Directory, which streamlines the loan process for eligible franchisors. The article highlights how banks are diligently assessing project costs, borrower experience, and the financial health and growth strategies of franchisor brands to ensure sound lending decisions in a dynamic financial environment."], ["20250829", "Bit Origin (NASDAQ: BTOG) has received a 180-day Nasdaq compliance extension to meet the $1.00 minimum bid price, marking its second such extension. The company plans to use a flexible reverse stock split and has pivoted to a Dogecoin treasury strategy, holding 70.5 million DOGE. However, these moves are viewed as high-stakes gambles due to Nasdaq's restrictions on reverse splits, Dogecoin's price volatility, and potential regulatory classification of DOGE as a security by the SEC, which could undermine its Nasdaq listing and long-term viability."], ["20250829", "Jump Financial LLC increased its stake in Dutch Bros Inc. (NYSE:BROS) by 47.3% in the first quarter, now holding 223,771 shares valued at $13.82 million. This move is supported by strong institutional investor interest, with over 85% of Dutch Bros' stock owned by such entities. The company recently reported robust financial results, including a 28% jump in quarterly revenue to $415.81 million and an EPS of $0.26, exceeding analyst expectations."], ["20250829", "American Express (AXP) has partnered with Hard Rock Stadium to become its official payments partner. This collaboration aims to enhance the fan experience by offering various benefits, exclusive access, and payment solutions at the stadium. This move is part of American Express's strategy to expand its presence in major entertainment and sports venues."], ["20250829", "AM Best has affirmed the A+ (Superior) financial strength rating for the Allstate Insurance Group, citing its strong market position and successful strategic plan. Allstate's plan to increase rates, enhance underwriting, and reduce expenses led to significantly improved margins in 2024 and the first half of 2025, resulting in $4.6 billion net income in 2024 after losses in 2022 and 2023. The insurer's risk-adjusted capitalization also benefited from a substantial statutory surplus growth in 2024, supported by a comprehensive reinsurance program."], ["20250829", "BlackRock is relaunching its iShares Future Tech Innovators ETF as the iShares Nasdaq Top 30 ETF, focusing on the top 30 Nasdaq non-financial firms, cutting management fees to 0.30%, and simplifying its strategy. This move aims to provide Australian investors with targeted exposure to mega-cap tech companies benefiting from AI-driven growth. The revamped ETF will directly compete with the Betashares Nasdaq 100 ETF, which has seen significant inflows but charges a higher fee."], ["20250829", "Eaton Vance Tax Advantaged Global Dividend Opportunities Fund (ETO) has announced the appointment of Scott E. Wennerholm as its new Chairperson for a four-year term, effective August 27, 2025. This appointment follows the interim leadership of Susan J. Sutherland. The article also provides key financial data for ETO stock."], ["20250829", "Cantor Equity Partners IV, Inc. (CEPF) successfully completed its initial public offering on August 22, 2025, raising $450 million. The company sold 45 million Class A ordinary shares at $10 each, with an additional $9 million generated from a private placement. The total proceeds are designated for future business combinations, focusing on mergers and acquisitions primarily within financial services, digital assets, healthcare, real estate, technology, and software industries."], ["20250829", "Connexa Sports Technologies (Nasdaq: YYAI) and JuCoin Capital Pte Ltd have filed a $500 million definitive agreement to establish aiRWA, a next-generation digital asset platform. This venture will focus on real-world asset (RWA) tokenization, aiming to bridge traditional and digital finance by combining the strengths of both companies. The platform seeks to expand opportunities for investors by bringing traditional investments into a digital format."], ["20250829", "Griffon Corporation (NYSE:GFF) has a high level of institutional ownership, with institutions holding 79% of the company's shares. This significant stake has benefited institutional investors, who saw the company's market cap hit US$3.6 billion last week, contributing to a 19% one-year return for shareholders. While institutional ownership implies credibility, the article also highlights that insiders own a substantial US$280 million worth of shares, indicating strong alignment with shareholder interests."], ["20250829", "Bollinger Innovations (NASDAQ:BINI) announced it received a Nasdaq delisting notice for not meeting the minimum $35 million market value of listed securities. The company, currently trading at $0.26 with a market capitalization of $1.2 million, plans to appeal the decision, which will temporarily stay any suspension or delisting. Bollinger Innovations also revealed that its stockholders' equity exceeded $2.5 million as of August 14, 2025, meeting an alternative listing standard, and recently underwent financial restructuring to eliminate warrants and convertible notes to help meet listing requirements."], ["20250829", "Professional Diversity Network (IPDN) stock surged over 400% after the company announced a non-binding memorandum of understanding with OOKC Group. This collaboration aims to develop the world's first compliance-driven Web3.0 digital investment banking platform, focusing on tokenizing real-world assets and decentralized capital structures. Additionally, IPDN's business unit TalentAlly is launching an updated website following significant increases in site visitors and page views."], ["20250829", "McKinley Acquisition Corp (NASDAQ:MKLY) successfully completed its initial public offering, raising $150 million through the sale of 15,000,000 units at $10.00 each. Concurrently, it completed a private placement of 465,000 units to several partners. The net proceeds of $150 million from both transactions were deposited into a trust account for public shareholders."], ["20250829", "Hub Group, Inc. announced its Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.125 per share for its Class A and Class B Common Stock. The dividend is payable on September 24, 2025, to stockholders of record as of September 12, 2025. This dividend is part of the company's growth-focused capital allocation plan, totaling $0.50 per share per year."], ["20250829", "Triumph Financial, Inc. (NYSE: TFIN) announced that its Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $17.81 per share for its 7.125% Series C Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock. Holders of depositary shares (NYSE: TFIN-PR) will receive $0.44525 per depositary share. The dividend is payable on September 30, 2025, to shareholders of record as of September 15, 2025."], ["20250829", "Triumph Financial, Inc. (NYSE: TFIN) announced that its Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $17.81 per share for its 7.125% Series C Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock. Holders of depositary shares will receive $0.44525 per share. The dividend is payable on September 30, 2025, to shareholders of record as of September 15, 2025."], ["20250829", "CBL International Limited (NASDAQ: BANL), a leading marine fuel logistics company in the Asia-Pacific region, will present its growth strategy, global network expansion, and commitment to sustainable marine fuels at the Emerging Growth Conference on September 24, 2025. The session will feature Dr. Teck Lim Chia, Chairman and CEO, and Ms. Venus Zhao, IR and PR Director, followed by a live Q&A. Investors can attend the interactive presentation or view an archived webcast later, and also schedule one-on-one meetings with management."], ["20250829", "The Portnoy Law Firm is advising investors of Petco Health and Wellness Company, Inc. (NASDAQ: WOOF) about a class action lawsuit. The lawsuit alleges that Petco made false and misleading statements regarding its business model and capacity for profitable growth between January 14, 2021, and June 5, 2025. Investors have until August 29, 2025, to file a lead plaintiff motion to recover their losses."], ["20250829", "Nasdaq-listed DeFi Development Corp. is expanding its crypto treasury firm into the UK with a new subsidiary, DFDV UK, becoming the first U.S. crypto treasury firm to enter the UK. This move, which involved acquiring Cykel AI, is part of its Treasury Accelerator strategy to grow Solana-focused treasury vehicles globally, with five additional vehicles planned. The firm, focused on buying and staking SOL and Solana-related tokens, aims to enhance its Solana per share (SPS) metric and long-term shareholder value."], ["20250829", "Ginkgo Bioworks announced a $4.125 million settlement in shareholder derivative actions, with the payment coming from individual defendants' insurers. As part of the agreement, Ginkgo will terminate a specific contract and implement comprehensive corporate governance reforms for at least three years. The settlement also includes $2.75 million for attorneys' fees and expenses, with the company's Board determining the terms are fair and in the best interest of Ginkgo and its stockholders."], ["20250829", "The SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY) experienced significant redemptions of $30.2 billion year-to-date in 2025, even as the S&P 500 index rose. This exodus benefits lower-cost alternatives like the Vanguard S&P 500 ETF (VOO), which has attracted over $80 billion in inflows and surpassed SPY in assets, and the iShares Core S&P 500 ETF (IVV), which collected over $17 billion. Despite the shift of long-term investors to these more affordable ETFs, SPY retains loyalty from short-term traders due to its unmatched liquidity, deep options market, and established presence in trading models."], ["20250829", "Sempra Infrastructure and EQT Corp. have finalized a 20-year sales and purchase agreement for 2 million tpy of LNG from the Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 development project. This agreement, indexed to Henry Hub, aims to bolster US natural gas exports and global energy security. The Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 project, with all major permits secured, is targeting a final investment decision in 2025 and will significantly increase the facility's liquefaction capacity."], ["20250829", "NatWest Group PLC (NYSE: NWG) has joined a syndicate of financial institutions to provide \u00a3140 million in funding for the Haweswater Aqueduct Resilience Program (HARP), a significant \u00a33 billion water infrastructure project in the UK. The project involves essential upgrades and tunnel replacements for the Haweswater Aqueduct, with construction set to begin in 2026 and expected to create up to 1,200 jobs. NatWest will act as a Mandated Lead Arranger for the financing, supporting one of the largest water infrastructure initiatives in the country."], ["20250829", "The Gross Law Firm is notifying shareholders of Petco Health and Wellness Company, Inc. (WOOF) about a pending class action lawsuit. Shareholders who purchased WOOF shares between January 14, 2021, and June 5, 2025, are encouraged to contact the firm to discuss their rights, with a lead plaintiff deadline of August 29, 2025. The lawsuit alleges that Petco overstated its business strength and ability to achieve sustainable, profitable growth."], ["20250829", "The Rosen Law Firm is investigating potential securities claims against GeneDx Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ: WGS) after a report by Grizzly Research alleged widespread fraud, causing a significant stock drop. The firm is preparing a class action lawsuit to recover investor losses for those who purchased GeneDx securities. Investors are encouraged to contact The Rosen Law Firm for more information on how to join the prospective class action."], ["20250829", "MGM Resorts International and BetMGM are expanding their responsible gaming initiatives by increasing GameSense messaging in NFL stadiums for the third consecutive year, including a new venue and scoreboard features. They are also contributing $250,000 to the International Center for Responsible Gaming for research and have certified over 1,900 employees as GameSense Advisors. These efforts support Responsible Gaming Education Month and aim to promote safe and informed gambling experiences."], ["20250829", "Triumph Financial, Inc. has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $17.81 per share for its 7.125% Series C Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock. Holders of depositary shares will receive $0.44525 per depositary share. The dividend is payable on September 30, 2025, to shareholders of record as of September 15, 2025."], ["20250829", "Youlife Group Inc. (NASDAQ: YOUL) is a blue-collar lifetime service provider in China, focusing on a full-cycle ecosystem for blue-collar talent through vocational education, HR services, and employee management. The company operates a national network of vocational schools and is expanding its services through strategic acquisitions and joint ventures, including integrating AI and robotics into its training programs. Youlife aims to enhance its geographic reach and service offerings to support both blue-collar workers and corporate customers in labor-intensive sectors."], ["20250829", "Eaton Vance Municipal Income 2028 Term Trust (ETX) announced the appointment of Scott E. Wennerholm as its new Chairperson for a four-year term, effective August 27, 2025. This appointment follows the interim leadership of Susan J. Sutherland after the passing of the previous Chairperson."], ["20250829", "Grupo Aval ha anunciado la refinanciaci\u00f3n del proyecto de Asociaci\u00f3n P\u00fablico Privada (APP) Girardot\u2013Ibagu\u00e9\u2013Cajamarca (GICA) por casi 1.2 billones de pesos, con la participaci\u00f3n de varios bancos importantes. Esta operaci\u00f3n es crucial para la infraestructura de Colombia, ya que el corredor GICA es vital para el comercio exterior, movilizando cerca del 40% de la carga mar\u00edtima nacional. El proyecto busca reducir los tiempos de viaje y fortalecer la competitividad log\u00edstica del pa\u00eds."], ["20250829", "Skyworks Solutions Inc. has appointed Philip Carter as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective September 8, 2025. Carter, who previously served at AMD and Skyworks, will oversee financial strategy, investor relations, treasury, and global finance and IT teams. Skyworks CEO Phil Brace highlighted Carter's deep experience in the semiconductor industry and proven track record in driving financial results."], ["20250829", "Hawkins, Inc., a water treatment and specialty ingredients company, has acquired StillWaters Technology, Inc., an Alabama-based distributor of water treatment chemicals and equipment. This acquisition expands Hawkins' presence in the southern U.S. and strengthens its customer base in Alabama, aligning with its strategic growth in the water treatment business. CEO Patrick H. Hawkins emphasized maintaining StillWaters' local community connections while integrating its team."], ["20250829", "Paragon Flight Training has partnered with Sallie Mae to provide student loan financing, covering up to 100% of tuition and related fees, to make flight training more accessible. This initiative coincides with new federal legislation enabling 529 education savings plans to be used for certificate-granting trade schools, including flight academies. These steps aim to address financial barriers for aspiring pilots and help alleviate the ongoing pilot shortage by preventing training interruptions."], ["20250829", "Vaxart, Inc. has received an extension from the Nasdaq Hearings Panel to regain compliance with the Nasdaq Bid Price Rule by October 17, 2025. To achieve this, Vaxart must secure stockholder approval for a reverse stock split by September 5, 2025, and complete the split by October 6, 2025. CEO Steven Lo emphasized the critical importance of maintaining their Nasdaq listing for the company's future success, urging stockholder support for the reverse stock split."], ["20250829", "MSP Recovery, Inc. has entered into a non-binding term sheet for a new secured term loan facility of up to $55 million. This agreement aims to provide significant working capital and operational funding to drive future growth, including potential acquisitions of additional assignor claim rights. The facility would mature in 36 months and involve the issuance of warrants to purchase the Company's Class A common stock."], ["20250829", "This article outlines three reasons to sell Lakeland Financial Corp (LKFN), citing disappointing long-term revenue growth, soft demand indicated by net interest income, and limited asset expansion shown by substandard tangible book value per share growth. The author suggests that despite not being a terrible business, LKFN doesn't meet their investment criteria and recommends exploring other opportunities, mentioning specific growth stocks as alternatives. The article concludes that at its current valuation, LKFN is overpriced given its fundamentals."], ["20250829", "SU Group Holdings Limited (Nasdaq: SUGP) announced it received a Nasdaq notification for non-compliance with the minimum publicly held shares requirement, needing to maintain 500,000 shares but currently holding only 424,000. This notice does not immediately affect its listing, and the company plans to submit a compliance plan by October 13, 2025. SU Group provides security-related engineering, guarding, and vocational training services in Hong Kong."], ["20250829", "Citizens Financial Group, Inc. has announced its schedule for releasing 2027 quarterly financial results and hosting live conference calls. The calls are scheduled for April 15, 2027 (Q1), July 15, 2027 (Q2), October 15, 2027 (Q3), and January 18, 2028 (Q4), all at 9 am ET. The company will provide dial-in information later, with news releases and supplemental materials available on its investor relations website."], ["20250829", "DLA Piper acted as the regulatory advisor to T-Mobile US, Inc. in its US$4.4 billion acquisition of UScellular's wireless operations. This acquisition, which closed on August 1, 2025, involved T-Mobile taking over UScellular's stores, businesses, customers, and certain spectrum assets, thereby expanding T-Mobile's high-speed broadband service access to hundreds of thousands of households previously served by UScellular. The DLA Piper team was co-led by Nancy Victory, Mike Senkowski, and Eric DeSilva."], ["20250829", "Levi & Korsinsky, LLP has filed a class action lawsuit against XPLR Infrastructure, LP f/k/a Nextera Energy Partners, LP (NYSE: XIFR) on behalf of investors who suffered losses due to alleged securities fraud between September 27, 2023, and January 27, 2025. The lawsuit claims that the company made false statements and concealed issues regarding its operations, financing, and sustainability of its yieldco business model, leading to material misrepresentations to the public. Shareholders are encouraged to contact the firm by September 8, 2025, to learn about their rights to recover losses."], ["20250829", "Best Buy exceeded earnings estimates but issued cautious guidance due to weak consumer confidence and declining profitability. Despite these macroeconomic headwinds, the company shows positive signs with international sales growth and consistent dividends. Dividend discount models suggest that BBY is undervalued, with fair value estimates ranging from $81 to $89 per share, leading to a cautious upgrade to a buy rating despite near-term volatility risks."], ["20250829", "The article states that the XTRACKERS RISK MANAGED USD HIGH YIELD STRATEGY ETF will go ex-dividend on September 2, 2025. Shareholders will receive a dividend of 0.12642 USD per share."], ["20250829", "Fitch Ratings has downgraded Celanese Corp. and Celanese US Holdings LLC\u2019s Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) to \u2019BB+\u2019 from \u2019BBB-\u2019, citing prolonged weak earnings due to soft end-market demand and expecting leverage to remain above 4.0x beyond 2027. The Negative Outlook reflects anticipated elevated leverage amidst uncertain market conditions and increased production capacity for acetic acid, particularly from China, which will pressure market pricing. Despite efforts to improve free cash flow and reduce debt through dividend cuts and expense reductions, these measures are not expected to fully offset lower projected earnings."], ["20250829", "The iShares JP Morgan EM High Yield Bond ETF (EMHY) is scheduled to go ex-dividend on September 2nd, 2025. Shareholders on record will receive a dividend of 0.21233 USD per share. This announcement is significant for investors tracking dividend income from this ETF."], ["20250829", "The Xtrackers High Beta High Yield Bond Etf (HYUP.US) is scheduled to go ex-dividend on September 2nd, 2025. Shareholders of record on that date will receive a cash dividend of 0.2875 USD per share on September 9th, 2025. The article also provides general definitions of cash and stock dividends."], ["20250829", "Royalty Pharma plc (RPRX) has announced an $885 million deal to acquire a royalty interest in Amgen\u2019s Imdelltra, a bispecific T-cell engager. This acquisition underscores Royalty Pharma's strategy of investing in high-impact biopharmaceutical assets and follows a strong Q2 2025 with 20% year-over-year growth in Portfolio Receipts. The company also secured a synthetic royalty on daraxonrasib and expects 2025 Portfolio Receipts to grow 9\u201312%."], ["20250829", "Arclin has announced a definitive agreement to acquire DuPont's Aramids business, which includes the Kevlar\u00ae and Nomex\u00ae brands, for approximately $1.8 billion. This acquisition will significantly expand Arclin's portfolio into new markets such as aerospace, electric vehicles, and personal protection, while strengthening its existing presence in construction and transportation. The transaction, expected to close in Q1 2026, aims to leverage these iconic brands to innovate and develop advanced materials for enhanced safety and resilience."], ["20250829", "This article identifies four Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) \u2013 VOO, VYM, JEPI, and SOXX \u2013 that, when combined, offer a diversified and growth-oriented investment strategy. VOO provides broad market exposure to the S&P 500 with low fees, while VYM focuses on high dividend yields for income. JEPI offers high monthly income and potential tax efficiency through options strategies, and SOXX provides exposure to the high-growth semiconductor sector."], ["20250829", "Lantronix Inc. has released its Form 10-K report for fiscal 2025, detailing a 23.3% decrease in net revenue to $122.9 million and a net loss of $11.4 million. The report highlights challenges such as market competition, customer dependency, and supply chain constraints, alongside strategic initiatives including the acquisition of Netcomm Wireless Pty Ltd. Despite financial setbacks, Lantronix plans to enhance products, expand geographically, and pursue acquisitions to strengthen its market position."], ["20250829", "This article examines the Invesco S&P 500 Top 50 ETF (XLG), which has a significant 62% allocation to \"Ten Titans\" growth stocks, an expansion of the \"Magnificent Seven\" that includes Broadcom, Oracle, and Netflix. The ETF offers concentrated exposure to mega-cap growth companies, outperforming other funds due to this focus, despite slightly higher expense ratios. Investors seeking to maximize exposure to these dominant growth stocks may find XLG a worthwhile choice, though it carries increased volatility due to its concentrated nature."], ["20250829", "Richtech Robotics Inc. has launched a new \"At The Market\" (ATM) offering, allowing it to sell up to $100 million in Class B common stock. This agreement, effective August 28, 2025, replaces a previous one and designates Rodman & Renshaw LLC and H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC as agents, with Rodman serving as the exclusive sales agent for 12 months from May 16, 2025. The company's Class B stock (RR) currently holds a \"Buy\" rating from analysts with a target price of $3.00."], ["20250829", "Bit Origin (NASDAQ: BTOG) has received an additional 180-day extension from Nasdaq, lasting until February 16, 2026, to regain compliance with the $1.00 minimum bid price requirement. The company must maintain a closing bid price of at least $1.00 for ten consecutive business days and may implement a reverse stock split if needed. Failure to comply by the deadline could lead to delisting, though Bit Origin would have the right to appeal."], ["20250829", "Hawkins, Inc. (Nasdaq: HWKN) has acquired StillWaters Technology, Inc., a distributor of water treatment chemicals and equipment in Alabama. This acquisition aligns with Hawkins' strategy to expand its water treatment business and accelerate growth in the southern U.S., integrating StillWaters' established customer base and local connections into the Hawkins organization."], ["20250829", "Gauzy Ltd. announced its selection as the exclusive smart glass supplier for a Fortune 100 financial services leader, with initial installations completed and a multi-phase rollout planned. This strategic engagement validates Gauzy's technology and supports its growth objectives by providing privacy, enhanced security, and energy efficiency for next-generation office designs. The program signifies nationwide scalability, ESG alignment through energy efficiency, and long-term growth for Gauzy."], ["20250829", "Offerpad Solutions has entered an Open Market Sale Agreement with Jefferies LLC to sell up to $100 million of its Class A common stock for general corporate purposes. This move aims to enhance the company's financial flexibility, despite ongoing financial struggles and valuation concerns. Analysts currently rate OPAD stock as a \"Hold\" with a target price of $3.50."], ["20250829", "Celsius Holdings and PepsiCo have significantly expanded their strategic partnership, with Celsius becoming PepsiCo's primary energy drink partner in the U.S. Celsius acquired the Rockstar Energy brand in the U.S. and Canada from PepsiCo, while PepsiCo invested an additional $585 million in Celsius through convertible preferred stock and its distribution system will now include Celsius's Alani Nu brand. This deal aims to create a stronger, more diversified energy portfolio and align incentives for both companies to better compete in the energy drink market."], ["20250829", "Marqeta has shown improved performance and reaccelerated revenue growth despite initial setbacks from contract concessions with Block. The company's fixed operating cost structure and successful cost control efforts are paving the way for profitability, with breakeven now expected by the end of 2026. However, its significant reliance on Block remains a key concern."], ["20250829", "The Rosen Law Firm is investigating potential securities claims against GeneDx Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ: WGS) on behalf of investors who suffered losses. This investigation follows a report by Grizzly Research alleging widespread fraud and exploitation of Medicaid and Medicare systems to inflate revenue, which caused a significant drop in GeneDx's stock price. Investors are encouraged to contact The Rosen Law Firm to learn about joining a prospective class action lawsuit."], ["20250829", "Phoenix Energy One, LLC has announced the launch of its initial public offering of 10.00% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, aiming to raise up to $75 million. The company plans to list these shares on the NYSE American under the symbol \"PHXE.P,\" and the offering's completion is contingent on this listing approval. This offering allows investors across the U.S. to participate, supporting Phoenix Energy's oil and gas operations focused on U.S. energy independence."], ["20250829", "Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write Opportunities Fund (ETW) has announced the appointment of Scott E. Wennerholm as its new Chairperson. Wennerholm will serve a four-year term, succeeding interim leader Susan J. Sutherland. This appointment comes after the passing of the former Chairperson."], ["20250829", "BlackRock has announced the estimated sources of distributions for several of its closed-end funds for distributions paid on August 29, 2025, and for the current fiscal year. These funds utilize a managed distribution plan that distributes net income, capital gains, and/or return of capital to maintain a level monthly distribution. The report details the estimated percentages derived from net income, net realized short-term gains, net realized long-term gains, and return of capital for each fund."], ["20250829", "Connexa Sports Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:YYAI) and JuCoin Capital Pte Ltd have formed a $500 million joint venture to launch a new cryptocurrency exchange called aiRWA, focusing on real-world asset cryptocurrencies and integrating AI. Both companies will contribute $250 million, with Connexa holding a 51% stake and JuCoin 49%. The venture also includes a $4.6 million private placement by Connexa with a securities purchase agreement for 20 million units."], ["20250829", "Connexa Sports Technologies (Nasdaq: YYAI) and JuCoin Capital have filed a $500 million definitive agreement with the SEC to establish aiRWA, a digital asset platform specializing in real-world asset (RWA) tokenization. Each company will contribute $250 million in cash and digital assets to fund the venture, which aims to digitize traditional investments like real estate and fine art, making them more accessible to investors. This partnership combines JuCoin's digital finance expertise with YYAI's experience in traditional finance and public company governance, focusing on compliance and transparency in the evolving digital asset landscape."], ["20250829", "Sound Group (SOGP) became the top trending ticker on Stocktwits after its stock more than tripled due to an earnings report and a newly announced special dividend. The company declared its first-ever dividend of $0.005 per ordinary share and $1 per American Depositary Share, payable on September 30. This, combined with a swing to profitability, has significantly boosted retail investor sentiment."], ["20250829", "Dell, a major player in personal computers, servers, and storage, is experiencing accelerated revenue growth driven by the AI server boom. Analyst optimism regarding AI server sales has led to an increased fair value estimate for Dell. While AI server sales are outperforming, the company is also facing margin dilution."], ["20250829", "Prologis, Inc. (NYSE: PLD) has declared a regular cash dividend for the quarter ending September 30, 2025. This includes a dividend of $1.01 per share for common stock and $1.0675 per share for its 8.54% Series Q Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, both payable on September 30, 2025. The record date for both dividends is September 16, 2025."], ["20250829", "HANetf has listed its Future of Defence Ucits ETF, known as the Nato ETF, on the Warsaw Stock Exchange. The ETF, which invests in defense firms in Nato and Nato-allied countries, has accumulated approximately $2.8 billion in assets under management. This expansion highlights Poland's growing economy and its significant role in European defense spending, with the country projected to spend nearly 5% of its GDP annually on defense."], ["20250829", "The iShares 5-10 Year Investment Grade Corporate Bond ETF (IGIB.US) is scheduled to go ex-dividend on September 2nd, 2025. Shareholders of record on that date will receive a cash dividend of 0.20828 USD per share on September 5th, 2025. The article also provides general information on cash and stock dividends."], ["20250829", "This article provides detailed stock information for Acco Group Holdings Limited (ACCL) on Webull, including real-time quotes, financial data, analyst ratings, and news. It also describes Acco Group's business segments: corporate secretarial services, IP registration services, and accounting services. Webull offers commission-free trading for ACCL stock and various research tools for informed decision-making."], ["20250829", "DIH Holding US, Inc. (NASDAQ:DHAI) announces it received a notification from Nasdaq for non-compliance due to the delayed filing of its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for June 30, 2025, and its Annual Report on Form 10-K for March 31, 2025. The company has until September 29, 2025, to submit a compliance plan, with a possibility of up to 180 days from the 10-K due date to regain compliance. DIH is actively working with auditors to file the delinquent reports and states the notice has no immediate impact on its stock listing or trading."], ["20250829", "EZGO Technologies announced a warrant exchange agreement to optimize its capital structure, retiring existing warrants for ordinary shares and pre-funded warrants. This strategic move aims to enhance shareholder value and maintain balanced ownership by limiting individual stakes. Despite a \"Hold\" rating from analysts with a $0.50 price target, Spark, TipRanks\u2019 AI Analyst, rates EZGO as \"Neutral\" due to financial performance concerns and an unattractive valuation."], ["20250829", "Funko, Inc. has granted its new CEO, Josh Simon, an inducement restricted stock unit award covering 1,000,000 shares of the Company's Class A common stock. This award vests over four years in equal annual installments, contingent on Mr. Simon's continued employment. The grant was made to induce Mr. Simon to join Funko, in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4)."], ["20250829", "TransUnion experienced a cyber incident on July 28, allowing unauthorized access to personal information of 4.4 million U.S. consumers, though not credit reports or core credit information. The breach is linked to attacks on Salesforce by the ShinyHunters hacking group. Affected customers are being notified and offered 24 months of free credit monitoring from My TrueIdentity, and are advised to freeze their credit and monitor accounts for suspicious activity."], ["20250829", "This page provides comprehensive access to Nuveen Mortgage and Income Fund (JLS) SEC filings, including 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K forms, enriched with Rhea-AI analysis. It details the most recent filing from August 29, 2025, concerning a stock disposal by a portfolio manager. The platform offers AI-generated summaries, sentiment/impact scores, and historical stock performance data for each filing."], ["20250829", "The iShares iBonds Dec 2028 Term Corporate ETF (IBDT.US) is scheduled to go ex-dividend on September 2nd, 2025. Shareholders of record on this date will receive a cash dividend of 0.09431 USD per share on September 5th, 2025. The article also provides general definitions of cash and stock dividends for informational purposes."], ["20250829", "Verb Technology Company, Inc. (Nasdaq: VERB) announced it will publish its first \"Chairman's Message\" on September 5, 2025, following its renaming to TON Strategy Company. The company will also change its Nasdaq ticker symbol to \"TONX\" on September 2, 2025. The message from Executive Chairman Manuel Stotz will provide updates on the company's strategy, which focuses on building a long-term treasury in Toncoin ($TON) to secure The Open Network (TON) blockchain."], ["20250829", "CoinShares plans to acquire Valkyrie Funds, pending regulatory approval, to significantly expand its presence in the U.S. crypto ETF market. This strategic move aims to leverage CoinShares' expertise in digital asset management and bridge the fragmented ETF market between Europe and the U.S. Valkyrie's CEO views this partnership as a way to foster growth and innovation in the digital asset sector."], ["20250829", "Following SouthState Corporation's (NYSE: SSB) Q2 2025 earnings report, Barclays and Citi analysts raised their price targets for the company. Barclays increased its target to $120 from $117, maintaining an Overweight rating due to strong loan growth and net interest margin, while Citi analyst Benjamin Gerlinger raised his target to $117 from $113 with a Buy rating, citing a better-than-expected capital base and credit profile. As of August 25, the average analyst price target suggests an almost 18% upside from current levels for SSB."], ["20250829", "BofA Securities has reaffirmed its \"Neutral\" rating for Bank of Montreal (BMO) but raised its price target from $116 to $128, citing the bank's strong Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio and consistent share repurchases. Bank of Montreal has demonstrated financial stability by paying dividends for 53 consecutive years. The article also touches on a new Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) for 30 million shares expected to be completed by the end of fiscal year 2026."], ["20250829", "This article examines DTE Energy Company's Return On Equity (ROE) to assess its profitability and management of investor capital. While DTE Energy boasts an ROE of 12%, superior to its industry average, the analysis highlights that its high debt-to-equity ratio of 2.03 significantly contributes to this figure. The author suggests that despite a decent ROE, the high debt level injects risk and makes the business less appealing without stronger underlying returns from that debt."], ["20250829", "Medtronic plc announced its executives will participate in four upcoming investor conferences in September 2025, including the Wells Fargo Healthcare Conference, Morgan Stanley's Global Healthcare Conference, Deutsche Bank Healthcare Summit, and BofA Global Research Global Healthcare Conference. Key executives such as CEO Geoff Martha and CFO Thierry Pi\u00e9ton will answer questions about the company at these events. Live webcasts and archived sessions will be available for investors."], ["20250829", "LSI Industries Inc. (NASDAQ:LYTS) shares have surged 26% in the last thirty days, bringing its annual gain to 44%, despite its P/E ratio of 27.3x being higher than many U.S. companies. Analysts forecast a strong earnings growth of 26% per year for the next three years, outpacing the market's 11% prediction, which helps justify its current high P/E ratio."], ["20250829", "Canopy Growth Corporation announced a new US$200 million at-the-market (ATM) equity program to issue and sell common shares in concurrent public offerings in the United States and Canada. The company intends to use the net proceeds for investments, future acquisitions, working capital, general corporate purposes, and potential repayment of indebtedness. The ATM Program will be effective until June 5, 2027, or until the US$200 million aggregate offering price is reached, among other termination conditions."], ["20250828", "Marriott International (NASDAQ: MAR) has outperformed the market over the past five years with an annualized return of 21.26%. An investment of $100 in MAR stock five years ago would now be worth $262.61. The article highlights the significant impact of compounded returns on investment growth."], ["20250828", "This report details the insider trading and ownership structure of A Paradise Acquisition Corp. (NasdaqGM:APAD), highlighting that available data is insufficient to determine recent insider buying activity. The ownership breakdown shows that private companies hold 27.1% and institutions hold 72.9% of the shares, with the top 25 shareholders owning 92.9% of the company. The company was recently listed, indicating potential dilution of shares."], ["20250828", "Aprea Therapeutics (NASDAQ: APRE), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, announced its participation in the H.C. Wainwright 27th Annual Global Investment Conference. The presentation will occur on Tuesday, September 9, 2025, at 3:30 PM ET in New York. A webcast of the presentation will be available for 90 days on the company's investor relations website."], ["20250828", "Titan Machinery reported a significant 18.5% year-over-year drop in its agriculture segment revenue for fiscal Q2 2026, contributing to an overall 13.8% decline in total revenue. This downturn is attributed to weak farmer sentiment, low commodity prices, and economic uncertainties impacting equipment demand and capital expenditures. The company expects continued challenges with low sales margins and anticipates a diluted loss per share for fiscal 2026, despite efforts to optimize inventory."], ["20250828", "Cavello Bay Reinsurance, a subsidiary of Enstar, has filed a lawsuit against Aspen Insurance Holdings Ltd. and several affiliates for an alleged breach of a 2022 reinsurance agreement, seeking over US$400 million in damages. The dispute centers on Aspen's alleged failure to identify and credit premiums related to a legacy deal, leading Cavello Bay to claim overpayment of losses. Cavello Bay states it has attempted to resolve the issue with Aspen for more than a year without success."], ["20250828", "Stifel analyst Simon Yarmak has reaffirmed a \"buy\" rating for Postal Realty Trust (PSTL.US) and maintained a target price of $17.75. According to TipRanks, Yarmak has a 58.3% success rate and an 8.7% average return over the past year. This information is provided for informational purposes and should not be considered investment advice."], ["20250828", "Zacks Investment Research has identified three new \"Strong Sell\" stocks for August 28th: Cannae Holdings, Inc. (CNNE), Civista Bancshares, Inc. (CIVB), and Quest Resource Holding Corporation (QRHC). All three companies have experienced significant downward revisions in their current year earnings estimates over the last 60 days, leading to their inclusion on the Zacks Rank #5 list. The article also touches on the potential for quantum computing stocks to deliver substantial gains."], ["20250828", "Inter, Brazil's first digital-only bank, has partnered with Zscaler to implement a comprehensive zero-trust security model. This collaboration addressed limitations of traditional firewall-based VPNs and facilitated the secure migration of Inter's operations entirely to the cloud. Zscaler's platform now secures Inter's AWS workloads, provides data protection, and extends to advanced use cases like safeguarding generative AI initiatives, supporting the bank's aggressive growth and international expansion."], ["20250828", "Verisk and Legentic have partnered to launch two new fraud detection tools for U.S. insurers, integrated into Verisk's ClaimSearch\u00ae platform. These tools aim to combat the estimated $308.6 billion annual cost of insurance fraud by automating investigative workflows, monitoring digital marketplaces, and speeding up asset recovery. The collaboration brings Legentic's proven analytics technology from Europe to the U.S. market, enhancing fraud detection and reducing operational strain for carriers."], ["20250828", "Marriott Vacation Clubs is expanding its presence in Asia Pacific with the opening of a new resort, Marriott Vacation Club, Khao Lak Beach Resort, in Thailand this August. The expansion also includes new developments in Bali and an enlarged marketing call center in Shanghai, demonstrating the company's commitment to the region. The Khao Lak property features 52 family suites, access to JW Marriott Khao Lak Resort & Spa's amenities, and sustainability features, with reservations now open for stays."], ["20250828", "Ulta Beauty, Inc. has released its Q2 2025 Form 10-Q report, showcasing strong financial performance including a 9.3% increase in net sales to $2,788.5 million and a net income of $260.9 million. The report details key business highlights such as revenue segmentation, store expansion, new product launches, and future growth strategies including international expansion to Mexico and the Middle East. These initiatives aim to further enhance the company's market presence and continued profitability."], ["20250828", "Unum Group (NYSE: UNM) announced that its President & CEO, Rick McKenney, and EVP and CFO, Steve Zabel, will present at the 23rd Annual Barclays Financial Services Conference on September 9, 2025. They will discuss the company's business strategy and future growth prospects. A live audio webcast will be available on Unum's investor relations website."], ["20250828", "Contineum Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: CTNM) announced that its management will present at three investor conferences in September 2025: the Cantor Global Healthcare Conference, the Morgan Stanley 23rd Annual Global Healthcare Conference, and the Baird 2025 Global Healthcare Conference. The presentations will be fireside chats, and audio webcasts will be available on the company's investors section. Contineum Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on neuroscience, inflammation, and immunology indications, with programs like PIPE-791 and PIPE-307 in clinical development."], ["20250828", "Telix Pharmaceuticals' shares plunged by over 20% after the US FDA issued a complete response letter for its novel imaging agent, TLX250-CDx, citing supply chain and manufacturing issues. The company believes these concerns are addressable, intends to meet with the FDA, and stated that the setback does not impact its 2025 revenue guidance. TLX250-CDx is designed to diagnose clear cell renal cell carcinoma."], ["20250828", "TG Therapeutics (NASDAQ:TGTX) announced its participation in the upcoming Cantor Global Healthcare Conference in New York, NY from September 3-5, 2025. Michael S. Weiss, the company's Chairman and CEO, will engage in a fireside chat on Wednesday, September 3, 2025, at 10:20am ET. A live webcast of the fireside chat will be available on the Investors & Media section of the company's website."], ["20250828", "The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved Teva Pharmaceuticals' generic version of Novo Nordisk's weight-loss drug, Saxenda. This approval makes Teva's version the first generic GLP-1 drug for weight loss in the U.S. Saxenda, also known as liraglutide, is an older GLP-1 drug that helps control blood sugar and curb appetite, but typically results in less weight loss than newer treatments like Wegovy."], ["20250828", "Platts, part of S&P Global Commodity Insights, and CME Group are collaborating to enhance transparency in the US spot physical aluminum market. They will launch PlattsView in January 2026, an online tool allowing direct entry of bids, offers, and transaction data for the US Aluminum P1020 Midwest Transaction Premium (MWP) assessment process. This initiative aims to provide a real-time, screen-based view of market activity, utilizing CME Direct's front-end solution."], ["20250828", "Similarweb (NYSE: SMWB) has appointed Tamar Rapaport-Dagim, CFO and COO of Amdocs, to its Board of Directors following her election at the annual general meeting. Similarweb CEO Or Offer highlighted Rapaport-Dagim's understanding of the web's power to transform business and looks forward to her strategic guidance. Her extensive background in finance and operations, including her roles at Amdocs and Emblaze, is expected to benefit Similarweb's continued success."], ["20250828", "This article summarizes recent funding rounds and acquisition deals across Asia Pacific. Key highlights include Indonesian EV logistics platform Blitz securing pre-Series A funding, Singaporean payments provider Tazapay raising Series B capital, and Nasdaq-listed Rezolve.ai acquiring Singapore's AI platform ViSenze. Additionally, the article details various investments in fintech, deep tech, and robotics companies, particularly featuring 11 new deals in China."], ["20250828", "Jerash Holdings (US), Inc. will present at Lake Street Capital Market's Ninth Annual Best Ideas Growth (BIG9) Conference on September 11, 2025. Gilbert Lee, the CFO, will participate in one-on-one meetings with investors in New York. The company manufactures and exports custom sportswear and outerwear for leading global brands."], ["20250828", "OMS Energy Technologies Inc. celebrated its successful Nasdaq listing with an Opening Bell ceremony, marking a significant milestone since its IPO on May 13, 2025. CEO Mr. How Meng Hock highlighted the company's 50-year legacy in the energy sector, its post-IPO momentum including strong financials with US$203.6 million in revenue, and strategic expansions like new orders in Angola and renewed agreements in Southeast Asia. The company continues to invest in innovative R&D and leverage its public status for long-term growth."], ["20250828", "Johannes Jacob Kastelein, Founder of NewAmsterdam Pharma, recently sold US$2.5m worth of shares at an average price of US$24.72, reducing his holding by 47%. This was the largest insider sale in the last year, occurring around the current share price of US$24.47. While insider ownership remains at 1.0%, the article suggests caution due to more sales than purchases by insiders over the past year."], ["20250828", "Merck (NYSE: MRK) announced that its executive vice president and CFO, Caroline Litchfield, and head of global clinical development, Eliav Barr, will participate in a fireside chat at the 2025 Wells Fargo Healthcare Conference on September 4, 2025, at 11:50 a.m. EDT. A live audio webcast of the presentation will be available to investors, analysts, media, and the public. The company also reaffirmed its commitment to scientific innovation in a forward-looking statement."], ["20250828", "Harvest Midstream is set to acquire MPLX LP's natural gas gathering and processing network in the Rockies for $1 billion in cash, with the deal expected to close in Q4 2025. This acquisition will expand Harvest's geographical presence in Wyoming, Utah, and Colorado, adding significant gas gathering pipelines and processing capacity. MPLX views this divestiture as a strategic move to optimize its portfolio for growth in the Marcellus and Permian basins."], ["20250828", "Marcus & Millichap Capital Corporation (MMCC) has secured $8.7 million in construction financing for the Marshview Apartments, a 48-unit multifamily project in Sheboygan Falls, Wisconsin. The financing, arranged by Michael Hughes of MMCC's Milwaukee office, involves a 5-year loan with a 6.2% fixed interest rate, interest-only payments for 30 months, and a 77% loan-to-cost ratio. The property will feature two-bedroom, two-bathroom units with amenities, and construction is expected to take 12 months."], ["20250828", "CEO Jan van Eck discusses the history of VanEck, started by his father in 1955, and the firm's approach to global investing. He highlights key milestones such as the first gold fund in the U.S. and the pivot to emerging markets and ETFs. The article emphasizes VanEck's enduring philosophy of identifying long-term trends and adapting to market changes, positioning itself as a global \"macro firm\" for the future."], ["20250828", "MGM Resorts and Playtech have expanded their \"Live from Vegas\" offering by launching a live, interactive Family Feud game show, streaming from a studio on the MGM Grand casino floor. This marks the first time an interactive game show is broadcast live from a Las Vegas casino, building on their 2024 launch of live dealer table games. The partnership aims to redefine live gaming entertainment for regulated markets outside the US, with further developments planned."], ["20250828", "Mattel has launched \"Masters of the Universe: He-Man Heroes,\" its first official Fortnite island, now in early access. This collectible RPG transports players to Eternia, allowing them to collect characters like He-Man and Teela, build teams, and engage in strategic combat. Developed in partnership with Loot Foundry using Unreal Editor for Fortnite, the game aims to expand Mattel's presence in gaming and foster community around the iconic Masters of the Universe brand."], ["20250828", "IREN and NYDIG have concluded a three-year legal dispute concerning a defaulted $105 million loan, reaching a confidential settlement. The legal battle stemmed from IREN's 2021 loan for Bitcoin mining machines, which led to special-purpose vehicles defaulting and subsequent legal proceedings in Australian and Canadian courts. The confidential agreement avoids the need for IREN's co-founders to appear in court and signals IREN's strategic shift from Bitcoin mining to an AI cloud business, following a significant recovery in its stock price in 2025."], ["20250828", "IQSTEL Inc. announced a partnership between its AI subsidiary, Reality Border LLC, and Mobility Tech, a call center services provider for the U.S. health sector. This collaboration aims to integrate IQSTEL's AI-powered call center technologies, including virtual agents and AI-enhanced services, with Mobility Tech's human agents to create a hybrid AI-human call center model. The partnership is expected to result in a six-digit annual revenue business by 2026, offering advanced, multilingual, 24/7 customer experiences with efficient human handoffs."], ["20250828", "Crown Holdings, Inc. announced that the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) has validated its updated near-term and new net-zero targets. The packaging supplier aims to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions across its value chain by 2050, with specific commitments to reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 50% and Scope 3 emissions by 27.5% by 2030, using a 2019 baseline. This validation reinforces Crown's \"Twenty by 30\" sustainability initiative and its commitment to measurable progress in reducing its environmental impact."], ["20250828", "Green Plains Inc. has sold its ethanol plant in Obion, Tennessee, to POET for $190 million. This strategic move aims to strengthen Green Plains' balance sheet by retiring junior mezzanine debt and enhancing financial flexibility. The sale, expected to close in Q3 2025, aligns with the company's long-term strategy and focus on capital discipline after a comprehensive strategic review."], ["20250828", "Grocery Outlet Holding Corp. has appointed Frank Kerr as its Executive Vice President, Chief Store Operations Officer, effective September 15, 2025. Kerr brings over a decade of grocery retail leadership, including significant experience from Lidl US and Save A Lot, where he focused on driving growth and operational efficiency. Jason Potter, President and CEO of Grocery Outlet, highlighted Kerr's proven track record and expertise as crucial for the company's continued profitable growth."], ["20250828", "General Mills is investing $54 million to expand its James Ford Bell Technical Center in Minnesota, aiming to accelerate the development of new products catering to consumer demands for high protein and spicy flavors. This expansion will add a 35,000-square-foot wing to boost research and development capabilities. The move underscores the company's commitment to innovation despite consumer spending cutbacks, aligning with its plans to launch new products across major categories while facing projected flat organic net sales for fiscal year 2026."], ["20250828", "General Dynamics Information Technology (GDIT) has been awarded a potential $98.5 million contract by the U.S. Navy to continue supporting the Naval Enterprise Service Desk (NESD). Under the indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract, GDIT will remain the managed service provider, leveraging AI, machine learning, and natural language processing to enhance the NESD's capabilities. The NESD serves as a critical support hub for naval personnel, addressing technical issues and offering various help request avenues."], ["20250828", "GCL Global Holdings Ltd's subsidiary, 2Game Digital, has partnered with KuCoin Pay to enable secure crypto payments on 2Game.com, making it the first official digital gaming platform to accept such payments. This collaboration allows KuCoin's 41 million users and the broader crypto community to purchase digital games and hardware with cryptocurrency. The partnership also introduces exclusive benefits for KuCoin Pay users, including discounts and early access to 2Game Digital's upcoming \"2Game Token\" ICO."], ["20250828", "TechnipFMC announced that its Chair and CEO, Doug Pferdehirt, will speak at the Barclays 39th Annual CEO Energy-Power Conference on September 2, 2025. The presentation will be webcast live from New York, NY, and an audio replay will be available for 180 days on the company's Investor Relations website. TechnipFMC, a leading technology provider in energy industries, will not have associated presentation materials for the event."], ["20250828", "Dollar General Corp (DG) has released its Form 10-Q report for the second quarter of 2025, detailing significant financial and operational growth. The company reported increased net sales, gross profit, operating profit, and net income, driven by new store openings and effective cost management. Dollar General also highlighted its expansion plans, including opening new stores, extensive remodels, and investing in digital offerings and supply chain initiatives."], ["20250828", "Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL) announced it will participate in a fireside chat at the Morgan Stanley Laguna Conference on September 11, 2025, at 10:45 a.m. ET. A live webcast and replay of the event will be available on Delta's investor relations website. The announcement led to a mild positive market reaction, with DAL gaining 1.16% on the day this news was published."], ["20250828", "Electronics manufacturer Data I/O Corporation disclosed a ransomware attack on its IT infrastructure, detected on August 16, 2025. The company activated incident response protocols, isolated affected systems, and engaged cybersecurity specialists to investigate the breach. While initial assessments suggest operational disruptions and potential financial costs, Data I/O states the incident has not yet materially impacted its business, though uncertainty remains regarding long-term consequences."], ["20250828", "Bleichmar Fonti & Auld LLP is investigating Coty Inc. (NYSE: COTY) for potential federal securities law violations after its stock dropped over 21%. The investigation follows Coty's disappointing 4Q and FY 2025 financial results, which the company attributed to issues like retailer inventory buildup and declining demand for its products. Investors who lost money are encouraged to contact BFA Law for information regarding their legal options."], ["20250828", "Coeur Mining (CDE) recently reported strong Q2 results, with free cash flow exceeding expectations and the company fully repaying its revolving credit facility, leading to a 37% stock climb in the past month and 105% over the past year. Analysts believe the stock is undervalued due to expected profit and margin growth, driven by successful project expansions and operational efficiencies. However, regulatory challenges and potential production delays are noted as risks, while a discounted cash flow model suggests even deeper undervaluation."], ["20250828", "Webull Corporation reported a 46% year-over-year increase in total revenue for Q2 2025, reaching $131.5 million, with customer assets hitting a record $15.9 billion. Despite the strong revenue growth and increased user engagement, the company recorded a pre-tax loss of $21.4 million, primarily due to equity offering costs. Webull expanded its global footprint and services, including re-entering the crypto market in Brazil and reinstating crypto trading for U.S. users."], ["20250828", "Broadridge Financial Solutions, a global fintech firm, has acquired Signal Agency Limited, a UK-based specialist in customer communications for financial and social sector firms. This acquisition aims to globalize Broadridge's digital communications solutions and enhance its ability to serve clients outside North America, leveraging Signal's digital-first approach and strong relationships in the UK financial services market. The move is also intended to address growing regulatory demands for transparent and compliant communications in heavily regulated industries."], ["20250828", "Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc. received preliminary approval for nearly $17 million in tax breaks from the Suffolk County Industrial Development Agency. This incentive aims to retain Broadridge's operations and 1,531 jobs in Edgewood, preventing the company from moving some work and jobs out of state to reduce costs. The financial services firm is considering renewing leases on significant office space and has explored consolidating operations to other states, which could lead to a reduction of about 1,500 jobs in New York."], ["20250828", "Banco Macro SA (BMA) reported a significant 209% quarter-on-quarter increase in net income for Q2 2025, driven by higher interest and fee income, alongside improved efficiency and capital ratios. However, the company anticipates a modest deterioration in asset quality and potential compression of net interest margins in Q3 due to rising funding costs. This information is based on an AI-generated summary of the Q2 2025 audio transcript."], ["20250828", "Build-A-Bear Workshop reported record-breaking financial results for both the second quarter and first half of fiscal year 2025, with significant increases across revenue, pre-tax income, and diluted EPS. The company's success was driven by strong store performance, growth in its Direct-to-Consumer and Commercial segments, and strategic initiatives including capital returns to shareholders and new unit growth. Build-A-Bear has also raised its guidance for fiscal 2025, anticipating continued growth in revenue and pre-tax income."], ["20250828", "SOLOWIN (NASDAQ: SWIN) has announced a significant integration of Chainlink's data services, including Proof of Reserve and NAVLink, into its Real Yield Token (RYT) fund on Arbitrum and Polygon blockchains. This move provides real-time on-chain verification of the fund's AAA-rated asset backing and ensures accurate alignment of on-chain value with its net asset value, enhancing transparency and institutional appeal. The integration positions Solowin as a leader in transparent digital asset solutions and a bridge between traditional finance and Web3."], ["20250828", "This article presents a Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) analysis for Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN), calculating its intrinsic value per share to be $76.40. Despite Amazon's dominant position in e-commerce and cloud services, the analysis concludes that its current stock price of $228.01 is significantly overvalued, trading at a -66% margin of safety. The author suggests that the current valuation already prices in substantial long-term growth, leaving little room for error for value-focused investors."], ["20250828", "ACCO Brands (NYSE: ACCO) stock, currently trading near multi-year lows, presents a potentially strong opportunity for income investors due to its robust 8.3% dividend yield. Despite macroeconomic concerns, analysts project sales and earnings growth for 2025 and 2026, and the company has been actively repurchasing shares. Technical indicators also suggest a potential upward trend for the stock."], ["20250828", "Aurora Cannabis, a publicly traded Canadian medical marijuana producer, has successfully pivoted to higher-margin medical products in international markets, achieving free cash flow positive for the first time. CFO Simona King attributes this success to focusing on stable medical-only markets like Europe and Australia, implementing a new ERP system for efficiency, and enhancing forecasting capabilities. The company is strategically preparing for potential U.S. federal cannabis reform, recognizing it as a large future opportunity."], ["20250828", "Oak Woods Acquisition Corporation has received a notice from Nasdaq regarding non-compliance with listing rules due to a delay in filing its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The company has until October 21, 2025, to submit a plan to regain compliance and could receive an exception until February 16, 2026. This notification does not currently impact its listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market."], ["20250828", "A group of crypto executives has formed Bitcoin Infrastructure Acquisition Corp Ltd, a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC), aiming to raise $200 million. This Cayman Islands-based SPAC plans to offer 20 million shares on Nasdaq under the ticker \"BIXIU\" at $10 each. The company seeks to merge with an existing crypto business involved in digital assets, Web3 technologies, or blockchain-driven models to take it public."], ["20250828", "First Savings Financial Group, Inc. announced that its Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.16 per common share. The dividend will be paid on September 30, 2025, to stockholders of record as of September 15, 2025. First Savings Bank, the company's subsidiary, is an entrepreneurial community bank headquartered in Jeffersonville, Indiana, with fifteen depository branches and two national lending programs."], ["20250828", "AM Best has affirmed the Financial Strength Rating of A+ (Superior) and the Long-Term Issuer Credit Ratings of \u201caa-\u201d (Superior) for The Allstate Corporation (NYSE: ALL) and its core subsidiaries, with a stable outlook. This affirmation reflects Allstate's very strong balance sheet, strong operating performance, and favorable business profile, supported by nearly 30% statutory surplus growth in 2024 due to profit improvement plans. However, the outlook for Allstate New Jersey Insurance Group remains negative due to operating results below the strong level in recent years."], ["20250828", "This article compares two popular dividend ETFs, SCHD and VIG, detailing their investment strategies, holdings, dividend yields, and expense ratios. While SCHD focuses on quality companies with strong dividend growth and has a higher yield, VIG tracks a broader range of large-cap dividend growers and has shown better total returns recently due to its tech exposure. The author concludes that for total returns, VIG has been the better performer, though neither offers exceptionally high dividend yields compared to alternatives like bond ETFs or the broader S&P 500 for long-term investment."], ["20250828", "GrafTech International (NYSE:EAF) announced a 1-for-10 reverse stock split and a reduction in authorized shares, effective Friday, to address operational challenges and a significant debt burden. This move follows stockholder approval and coincides with the company reporting a net loss of $87 million for Q2 2025 and an analyst upgrade of its price target by BMO Capital to $1.50. The common stock will begin trading on a split-adjusted basis on the NYSE under the same ticker, EAF, with a new CUSIP number."], ["20250828", "BullFrog AI Holdings, Inc. (BFRG) received a Nasdaq non-compliance notice on August 21, 2025, due to its stockholder equity falling below the required $2,500,000 minimum. The company has 45 days to submit a compliance plan and is exploring options to avoid delisting. Additionally, the Board approved equity awards for executives and directors to aid retention during this critical period."], ["20250828", "The CRWU T-REX 2X Long CRWV Daily Target ETF is designed for bullish bets on CoreWeave, Inc. stock price through swap agreements, aiming for 200% daily leveraged exposure. This high-risk fund is intended as a short-term tactical tool, not a long-term investment, due to compounding effects over time. It has an expense ratio of 1.50%, pays an 8.53% dividend yield, and is actively managed by Tuttle Capital Management LLC."], ["20250828", "Levi & Korsinsky, LLP is reminding investors of Petco Health and Wellness Company, Inc. (NASDAQ: WOOF) about a pending class action lawsuit. The lawsuit alleges securities fraud between January 2021 and June 2025, claiming Petco's pandemic-driven tailwinds and product strategy were overstated, leading to misleading public statements. Investors who suffered losses have until August 29, 2025, to request to be appointed as lead plaintiff."], ["20250828", "Levi & Korsinsky, LLP has announced a class action lawsuit against Alto Neuroscience, Inc. (ANRO) on behalf of investors who purchased shares between February 2, 2024, and October 22, 2024. The lawsuit alleges that Alto Neuroscience made false statements regarding the effectiveness and commercial prospects of its product pipeline, ALTO-100, which is designed to treat major depressive disorder. Investors who suffered losses have until September 19, 2025, to request to be appointed as lead plaintiff."], ["20250828", "Goosehead Insurance has announced that Mark Jones, Jr.'s role has been expanded to include both Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer positions, effective August 28, 2025. In this combined capacity, Jones will be responsible for overseeing the company's finance, operations, and strategic go-to-market revenue-generating functions. This consolidation aims to enhance operational discipline and strengthen the execution of Goosehead's long-term strategy, leveraging Jones' extensive experience in finance and operations since joining the company in 2016."], ["20250828", "State Street Corporation announced that its CFO, John Woods, and President of Investment Services, Joerg Ambrosius, will present at the Barclays 23rd Annual Global Financial Services Conference on September 10, 2025. An audio webcast of their presentation will be available on State Street's Investor Relations website, with a recorded replay offered for approximately 90 days afterward. State Street, a leading financial services provider, manages $49.0 trillion in assets under custody/administration and $5.1 trillion in assets under management."], ["20250828", "Deutsche Bank has been fined HK$23.8 million ($3.05 million) by Hong Kong's Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) for breaches between 2015 and 2023. Violations included overcharging clients, incorrect product risk ratings, and failure to disclose investment banking relationships in research reports. The bank, which had previously self-reported some issues, has since resolved them and strengthened internal controls."], ["20250828", "Levi & Korsinsky LLP is contacting investors who suffered losses in PubMatic, Inc. (NASDAQ: PUBM) stock to inform them about an approaching deadline for a class action lawsuit. The lawsuit alleges that PubMatic, Inc. made false statements and concealed that a major demand-side platform buyer was shifting clients to a new platform, leading to a reduction in ad spend and revenue for PubMatic. Shareholders who held PUBM stock between February 27, 2025, and August 11, 2025, are encouraged to learn about their rights to participate in the recovery."], ["20250828", "HDFC Bank has allotted 7,67,70,39,761 fully paid bonus shares in a 1:1 ratio, effectively doubling its equity and increasing its paid-up share capital to \u20b91,535.4 crore. This is the bank's first bonus issue, indicating management's confidence in liquidity and trading volumes. The share price saw a slight decline on the day of the announcement, but the bank emphasizes focusing on fundamentals like earnings growth and asset quality."], ["20250828", "Zentalis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. announced its participation in upcoming investor conferences in September 2025. Members of the management team will engage in fireside chats and company presentations at the Wells Fargo Healthcare Conference, H.C. Wainwright 27th Annual Global Investment Conference, and Morgan Stanley 23rd Annual Global Healthcare Conference. The company, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical firm, focuses on developing azenosertib, a WEE1 inhibitor, for ovarian cancer and other tumor types."], ["20250828", "Enstar Group Limited has announced it will pay cash dividends on its Series D and Series E preference shares. Shareholders of record on August 15, 2025, will receive $0.43750 per depositary share for both Series D 7.00% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preference Shares and Series E 7.00% Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preference Shares, payable on September 2, 2025."], ["20250828", "Lendway, Inc. announced strong financial results for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, with significant improvements across net revenue, gross profit, and operating income compared to the previous year. The company reported net income attributable to Lendway of $1.0 million ($0.58 per diluted share) for the quarter and $1.5 million ($0.82 per diluted share) for the six months, reversing losses from the prior year. These positive results were driven by increased sales, particularly from Mother's Day, and the full impact of the Bloomia acquisition, despite challenges like higher bulb costs."], ["20250828", "Enstar Group Limited announced it will pay cash dividends on its Series D and Series E preference shares. Dividends of $0.43750 per depositary share for both Series D 7.00% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preference Shares and Series E 7.00% Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preference Shares will be payable on September 2, 2025, to shareholders of record on August 15, 2025. The company also included a cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements."], ["20250828", "NXP Semiconductors N.V. announced its board of directors has approved an interim dividend of $1.014 per ordinary share for the third quarter of 2025, to be paid on October 8, 2025. This decision is based on the company's strong capital structure and confidence in its long-term growth and cash flow. Cash dividends will be subject to a 15 percent Dutch dividend withholding tax, with potential reductions or refunds for non-Dutch resident shareholders."], ["20250828", "Solventum (NYSE: SOLV) announced its management will participate in two upcoming investor conferences: the 2025 Wells Fargo Healthcare Conference on September 5, 2025, and the Morgan Stanley 23rd Annual Global Healthcare Conference on September 9, 2025. Both fireside chat sessions will be available live and as archived replays on the company's investor relations website. This engagement provides investors with insight into the company's strategy and performance."], ["20250828", "Editas Medicine, a gene editing company, will host a webinar on September 2, 2025, to announce the selection of its lead in vivo development candidate. The company focuses on using CRISPR genome editing systems to develop transformative in vivo medicines for serious diseases. The webinar will be accessible via webcast and a replay will be available on their investor relations website."], ["20250828", "Bitcoin Infrastructure Acquisition, a SPAC focused on the digital asset industry, has filed with the SEC to raise $200 million in an initial public offering under the ticker BIXIU. The company plans to offer 20 million units at $10 each, with each unit including one share and half a warrant. Led by CEO Ryan Gentry and Director Vikas Mittal, the SPAC aims to target sectors like digital assets, Web3, and blockchain-driven business models."], ["20250828", "A group of experienced crypto executives is launching Bitcoin Infrastructure Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC), aiming to raise $200 million for a Nasdaq listing under the ticker \"BIXIU.\" The SPAC will target Web3, DeFi, and blockchain infrastructure companies. This initiative aligns with a growing trend of crypto-related SPAC activity and comes amidst increasing investor interest in digital asset firms going public."], ["20250828", "Enstar subsidiary Cavello Bay Reinsurance Limited is suing Aspen Insurance Holdings for over $400 million, alleging a breach of a reinsurance agreement. Cavello Bay claims Aspen failed to comply with premium processing obligations and accept responsibility for certain claims. The lawsuit, filed in Connecticut, focuses on three main issues including unpaid premiums, \"straddle accounts\" for losses occurring post-December 2019, and improper date applications for construction defect claims."], ["20250828", "A group of crypto executives has assembled to establish the Cayman Islands-based Bitcoin Infrastructure Acquisition Corp Ltd, a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC). This SPAC aims to raise $200 million by offering 20 million shares at $10 each on the Nasdaq under the ticker \u201cBIXIU.\u201d Their objective is to merge with an existing company in the digital assets, Web3, financial services infrastructure, or blockchain technology sectors to take it public."], ["20250828", "The Portnoy Law Firm is investigating Sensus Healthcare, Inc. (NASDAQ: SRTS) for potential securities fraud following a significant stock price drop. This investigation comes after Sensus reported a GAAP earnings-per-share loss and a 20.7% year-over-year revenue decline for Q2 2025, missing analyst estimates. Investors who lost money are encouraged to contact the firm to discuss their legal options."], ["20250828", "Levi & Korsinsky is urging shareholders of XPLR Infrastructure, LP (formerly Nextera Energy Partners, LP) to act before the lead plaintiff deadline of September 8, 2025, in a class action securities lawsuit. The lawsuit alleges that XPLR made false and misleading statements between September 27, 2023, and January 27, 2025, concerning its operational struggles, financing arrangements, and unsustainable yieldco business model. Shareholders who suffered losses during this period are encouraged to seek information on their rights for potential recovery."], ["20250828", "Rogers-based America's Car-Mart Inc. is projected to report higher earnings and revenue for the first quarter of fiscal 2026, driven by an anticipated increase in vehicle sales and improved gross margins. Analysts expect earnings of 83 cents per share and a revenue increase of 3.29% to $359.21 million. Key factors include stable credit and expenses, potential tariff impacts on car values, and improving lending conditions allowing for increased stock prices."], ["20250828", "Edelson Lechtzin LLP is investigating a data breach incident at Healthcare Services Group, Inc. (HSGI) where unauthorized access to their network occurred from September 27 to October 3, 2024. Personal data including names, Social Security numbers, and financial details may have been compromised. The law firm is pursuing a class-action lawsuit to seek legal remedies for affected individuals."], ["20250828", "NMP Acquisition Corp. (NMPAU) filed an 8-K report, furnishing a press release dated August 28, 2025. The filing confirms that the company's publicly traded securities are Units (NMPAU), Class A Ordinary Shares (NMP), and Rights (NMPAR), all listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market. The report, signed by CEO Melanie Figueroa, details the upcoming separate trading of Class A ordinary shares and rights from the Units, expected around September 3, 2025."], ["20250828", "Malibu Boats, Inc. has published its Form 10-K report for fiscal year 2025, detailing a return to profitability despite a 2.6% decline in net sales to $807.6 million. The company reported a net income of $15.2 million, a significant improvement from the previous year's net loss, driven by reduced operating expenses and an absence of impairment charges. Key strategic initiatives include vertical integration, new product development, and expanding its dealer network, aiming to increase market share amidst macroeconomic challenges."], ["20250828", "Psyence BioMed announced it will present at the H.C. Wainwright 27th Annual Global Investment Conference from September 8-10, 2025. CEO Dr. Neil Maresky will outline the company's strategy and pipeline for global investors, highlighting its unique approach in psychedelic medicine. A webinar for investors and shareholders featuring the Scientific Advisory Board is also scheduled for September 16, 2025, to discuss clinical development and strategic initiatives."], ["20250828", "Numerous executives and directors at Eastman Chemical Co (EMN) have recently purchased shares of the company's common stock, as detailed in SEC Form 4 filings. Key individuals such as CEO Mark J Costa, Director James J. O'Brien, and several EVPs and SVPs acquired shares, significantly increasing their direct and indirect ownership in the company. These transactions highlight a notable investment by the company's leadership into its own stock."], ["20250828", "As recession odds decrease, but overall growth slows, investors are seeking solutions to navigate this market environment. The American Century U.S. Quality Value ETF (VALQ) is highlighted as a potential investment, focusing on quality, value, and income-generating stocks in large- and midcap firms. VALQ has demonstrated strong performance and aims to identify companies positioned to succeed even in a slowing economy."], ["20250828", "Kenon Holdings announced its Q2 2025 results, highlighting significant developments for its subsidiary OPC. OPC raised NIS 1,750 million ($506 million) through share offerings and saw its Adjusted EBITDA increase to $90 million in Q2 2025. Additionally, the Israeli Government approved the Hadera 2 project, an 850MW natural gas-fired power plant, and Kenon increased its share repurchase plan by $10 million."], ["20250828", "Nuvini Group Limited has announced its compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2), ensuring its continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol \u201cNVNI\u201d. The company maintained a market value of listed securities of $35 million or more for ten consecutive trading days. CEO Pierre Schurmann affirmed Nuvini's dedication to its strategy of acquiring and scaling profitable SaaS companies across Latin America."], ["20250828", "YY Group Holding Limited has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with KEENON (Hong Kong) Limited to advance its robotics integration initiative, aiming to improve service delivery in sectors like hospitality and healthcare in Singapore and Malaysia. This collaboration will deploy AI-enabled service robots to enhance operational efficiency and address workforce challenges by focusing on human-robot synergy. YY Group will manage the deployment through its client network, positioning the company to accelerate the adoption of intelligent service robots in Southeast Asia."], ["20250828", "DeFi Development Corp. (DFDV) has acquired 407,247 SOL tokens, valued at $77 million, following a recent equity raise. The company funded these purchases using a portion of its equity raise and plans to hold and stake the newly acquired SOL for long-term yield generation. This acquisition increases DFDV's Solana balance sheet holdings by 29%, demonstrating a significant expansion of its crypto treasury."], ["20250828", "Edison International and Southern California Edison have declared their respective third-quarter dividends. Edison International announced semiannual dividends for its Series A and Series B preferred stock, while Southern California Edison declared quarterly dividends for various series of its preference stock, all payable in September 2025. This news highlights the companies' commitment to returning value to their shareholders through regular dividend distributions."], ["20250828", "The Gross Law Firm is urging shareholders of Tesla, Inc. (TSLA) who lost money during the period of April 19, 2023, to June 22, 2025, to join a class action lawsuit. The complaint alleges that Tesla made materially false and/or misleading statements regarding the effectiveness and safety of its autonomous driving technology, including the Robotaxi, which led to an overstatement of the company's business and financial prospects. The deadline to seek lead plaintiff appointment is October 3, 2025."], ["20250828", "This article provides an overview of A Paradise Acquisition Corp. (APAD) stock, including its current price, market capitalization, performance metrics, and key financials. It details the company's profile as a blank check company, its headquarters in Hong Kong, and its leadership. The page also offers technical analysis summaries, seasonal trends, and lists ETFs holding APAD stock, along with frequently asked questions about the company's stock performance."], ["20250828", "National Research Corporation (NASDAQ:NRC) has announced a dividend of $0.12 per share payable on October 10th. While the yield is attractive at 3.1%, the dividend's sustainability is questionable due to a high cash payout ratio (119%) and a declining earnings per share trend over the past five years. Investors are advised to be cautious, as the company's dividend does not appear sustainable given these factors."], ["20250828", "Green Plains has finalized the sale of its ethanol plant in Obion, Tennessee, for $190 million. The company announced the agreement on August 28, 2025, with details about the buyer and specific terms of the deal pending further announcements. This sale marks a significant transaction in the bioenergy sector."], ["20250828", "Pool Corporation (Nasdaq: POOL) announced its participation in the Jefferies Industrials Conference on Thursday, September 4, 2025. The event will include investor meetings and a fireside chat. Detailed investor materials are available on POOLCORP's Investor Relations website."], ["20250828", "Empire Petroleum Corporation successfully raised $2.5 million through a fully subscribed rights offering, which closed on August 20. The offering could generate an additional $2.5 million from the future exercise of warrants. Chairman Phil E. Mulacek fully participated, exercising both his subscription and over-subscription rights."], ["20250828", "SPDR\u00ae\u30dd\u30fc\u30c8\u30d5\u30a9\u30ea\u30aa\u5148\u9032\u56fd(\u9664\u304f\u7c73\u56fd)ETF (SPDW) \u306f\u3001\u6295\u8cc7\u5bb6\u304c\u7c73\u56fd\u4ee5\u5916\u306e\u5148\u9032\u5e02\u5834\u3078\u4f4e\u30b3\u30b9\u30c8\u3067\u5206\u6563\u6295\u8cc7\u3059\u308b\u305f\u3081\u306e\u30b2\u30fc\u30c8\u30a6\u30a7\u30a4\u3067\u3059\u3002\u3053\u306eETF\u306f\u3001\u7d042,300\u304b\u30892,400\u306e\u4f01\u696d\u3092\u30ab\u30d0\u30fc\u3057\u3001\u30e8\u30fc\u30ed\u30c3\u30d1\u3001\u30ab\u30ca\u30c0\u3001\u65e5\u672c\u3001\u97d3\u56fd\u306a\u3069\u5e83\u7bc4\u306a\u5730\u57df\u306b\u308f\u305f\u308a\u3001\u591a\u69d8\u306a\u696d\u7a2e\u3078\u306e\u30a2\u30af\u30bb\u30b9\u3092\u63d0\u4f9b\u3057\u307e\u3059\u3002SPDW\u306f\u3001\u308f\u305a\u304b0.03%\u306e\u7d4c\u8cbb\u7387\u3068\u534a\u5e74\u3054\u3068\u306e\u914d\u5f53\u91d1\u304c\u7279\u5fb4\u3067\u3001\u901a\u8ca8\u3084\u5730\u653f\u5b66\u7684\u30ea\u30b9\u30af\u306f\u4f34\u3046\u3082\u306e\u306e\u3001\u9577\u671f\u7684\u306a\u56fd\u969b\u5206\u6563\u6295\u8cc7\u6226\u7565\u306e\u9b45\u529b\u7684\u306a\u9078\u629e\u80a2\u3068\u306a\u308a\u307e\u3059\u3002"], ["20250828", "The Personal Information Protection Commission has fined SK Telecom a record 134.79 billion won ($97 million) for a hacking incident in April that exposed the personal data of over 23 million users. The company was also fined for failing to inform affected customers within the legally mandated 72-hour period. SK Telecom, whose revenues and operating profit have already been negatively impacted by the breach, expressed regret and plans to review the decision."], ["20250828", "The article analyzes Pinterest's (NYSE: PINS) ownership, highlighting that passive giants like Vanguard and BlackRock provide a stable base, while active managers show divergent views on its growth potential. Insider trading leans towards selling, suggesting caution from leadership regarding the current share price. This mixed sentiment indicates a company in transition with its confidence being tested."], ["20250828", "Metropolitan Commercial Bank (MCB) has been officially designated as a Small Business Administration (SBA) loan provider. This allows MCB to offer SBA 7(a) loans, providing tailored financial support to small businesses for expansion, equipment, and working capital. The move reinforces MCB's commitment to empowering local economies and fostering job creation through accessible financing solutions."], ["20250828", "A class action lawsuit has been filed against Petco Health and Wellness Company, Inc. (NASDAQ: WOOF) alleging securities fraud between January 14, 2021, and June 5, 2025. Shareholders who suffered losses during this period are encouraged to contact Levi & Korsinsky LLP by August 29, 2025, to learn about their rights to seek recovery. The lawsuit claims Petco overstated its business model and ability to deliver sustainable growth, leading to materially false and misleading public statements."], ["20250828", "Maze Therapeutics has been referred to federal marketing regulators by the National Advertising Division (NAD) after it declined to participate in a self-regulatory challenge brought by competitor Vertex Pharmaceuticals. Vertex\u2019s challenge concerned Maze\u2019s claims about the efficacy of its MZE829 candidate for APOL1-mediated kidney disease (AMKD) compared to Vertex\u2019s inaxaplin. Maze maintains that as a development-stage company with no products formally marketed or sold, its messaging is not subject to NAD oversight."], ["20250828", "PMGC Holdings Inc. announced a 1-for-3.5 reverse stock split of its common stock, effective September 2, 2025, at 9:30 am EST. The split will consolidate 3.5 shares into one, with fractional shares rounded up and proportional adjustments to equity awards and warrants. The company anticipates approximately 677,000 shares of common stock will be issued and outstanding immediately after the split, down from 2,369,727 shares prior to the split."], ["20250828", "Levi & Korsinsky LLP has announced a class action lawsuit against PubMatic, Inc. (NASDAQ:PUBM) for alleged securities fraud between February 27, 2025, and August 11, 2025. The lawsuit claims PubMatic made misleading statements by concealing that a major demand-side platform buyer was shifting clients, leading to a reduction in ad spend and revenue. Shareholders who suffered losses are encouraged to contact Levi & Korsinsky before the October 20, 2025 deadline to learn about their rights."], ["20250828", "Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC) reported a rise in third-quarter profit, primarily driven by strong performance in its capital markets division. The bank's adjusted net income increased to C$2.1 billion, or C$2.16 per share, and provision for credit losses was lower than analyst estimates, indicating improving credit conditions."], ["20250828", "OP Bancorp announced that its Board of Directors has approved a new stock repurchase program, authorizing the repurchase of up to 700,000 shares of its common stock. This program will be conducted in accordance with Rule 10b-18 and allows for purchases through various means at management's discretion. The Company, the holding company of Open Bank, reserves the right to suspend or terminate the program at any time."], ["20250828", "ProShares has launched the ProShares Ultra S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (URSP), offering investors twice the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index. This new ETF aims to reduce concentration risk by providing equal exposure to all 500 S&P members, unlike traditional S&P 500 ETFs dominated by mega-cap tech stocks. URSP differentiates itself in a crowded market by combining leverage with an equal-weight approach, appealing to investors seeking diversification and magnified potential returns."], ["20250828", "Hagens Berman has initiated an investigation into James Hardie Industries (NYSE: JHX) after its shares dropped 34% following the disclosure of Q1 2026 financial results, which revealed issues with its North America business. The firm suggests the company may have misled investors about the sustainability of its business model and sales practices, specifically regarding channel inventory destocking. Investors who suffered significant losses are encouraged to contact Hagens Berman."], ["20250828", "Globus Medical won a patent infringement case against Life Spine, Inc. regarding expandable spinal fusion implants, with a Delaware jury awarding damages for lost profits and reasonable royalties. CEO Keith Pfeil highlighted the verdict as an affirmation of Globus\u2019s intellectual property and innovation. The company also has ongoing litigation against Alphatec, Inc. concerning similar technology and reiterated its commitment to protecting its patents and investing in patient-focused innovations."], ["20250828", "Goosehead Insurance has promoted Mark Jones, Jr. to the dual role of Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. This expanded position combines oversight of finance, operations, and revenue-generating strategies, aiming to enhance operational efficiency and align with the company's long-term growth goals. Jones, who joined Goosehead in 2016, is expected to drive the company's objective of becoming the leading personal lines insurance distributor."], ["20250828", "Moleculin Biotech, Inc. has announced agreements with warrant holders for the immediate exercise of outstanding warrants, generating approximately $6.0 million in gross proceeds. In exchange, the company will issue new unregistered warrants. The net proceeds will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes."], ["20250828", "Beeline Holdings, Inc. has issued a letter to shareholders detailing significant progress in 2025, including the launch of BeelineEquity for new liquidity options, achieving debt-free status ahead of schedule, and demonstrating a clear path to becoming cash-flow positive by January 2026. The company also highlighted its Nasdaq uplisting, improved EPS performance, enhanced data security, expanded liquidity, and growth in its SaaS and AI platforms, reaffirming its commitment to shareholder value."], ["20250828", "Franklin Templeton has launched the Franklin Multisector Income ETF (Nasdaq: MULT), an actively managed exchange-traded fund. This ETF aims to provide diversified income and long-term capital appreciation by investing across various global fixed income markets, including corporate credit, government securities, and emerging markets. Managed by Franklin Templeton Fixed Income, which oversees $224 billion in assets, MULT expands the firm's growing suite of actively managed ETFs."], ["20250828", "OP Bancorp (Nasdaq: OPBK) has announced that its Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program, authorizing the repurchase of up to 700,000 shares of its common stock. This program will be conducted in accordance with Rule 10b-18 and allows for purchases in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, or other compliant means. The timing and actual number of repurchased shares will be at management's discretion and dependent on market conditions and the company's stock price."], ["20250828", "CSLM Digital Asset Acquisition Corp III, a newly formed special purpose acquisition company (SPAC), successfully closed its initial public offering, raising $230 million. The company sold 23 million units at $10.00 each, which started trading on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol \"KOYNU\" on August 27, 2025. CSLM Digital Asset Acquisition Corp III aims to acquire businesses in the digital asset space, focusing on new economy sectors within Frontier Growth Markets and leveraging its management team's experience in emerging markets to create long-term value."], ["20250828", "Churchill Downs Incorporated (CDI) has finalized its acquisition of a 90% stake in Casino Salem in New Hampshire for $180 million. The company plans to develop a charitable gaming, entertainment, and dining venue, including expanding the gaming floor and rebranding the existing facility. This transaction comes after the initial agreement in July and required approval from the New Hampshire Lottery Commission."], ["20250828", "Republic Bancorp, Inc. announced that its President and CEO, Logan Pichel, and EVP and CFO, Kevin Sipes, will participate in the Raymond James 2025 U.S. Bank Conference from September 3rd to September 4th. They will engage in one-on-one meetings with institutional investors at this invitation-only event which gathers banking and financial leaders. Discussion materials will be available on the company's investor relations website by September 3, 2025."], ["20250828", "Fast Track Group (NASDAQ: FTRK) has announced a strategic shift from concert organization to concert tour management, aiming to reduce financial risks and improve scalability. This pivot comes after securing a significant $1.3 million brand activation deal, featuring South Korean celebrities, which surpasses their entire FY2025 revenue. The company is actively finalizing two concert tours in Asia and exploring intellectual property consolidation, artist ownership, and music licensing rights to support future growth."], ["20250828", "Gamehaus Holdings (Nasdaq: GMHS) has announced a US$5 million share repurchase program, effective immediately through August 28, 2026. The program underscores management's confidence in the company's financial strength and long-term growth potential, with funding sourced from existing cash and operational cash flow. Chairman Feng Xie noted that the current share price might not fully reflect the company's intrinsic value, signaling a balanced capital allocation strategy."], ["20250828", "PureTech Health plc announced its half-yearly results for the six months ended June 30, 2025, highlighting significant progress across its diversified portfolio and a strong financial position with $319.6M in cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments. The company emphasized its \"hub-and-spoke\" biotherapeutics model, which involves advancing programs through internal de-risking and then scaling them via Founded Entities supported by external capital. Key updates include the launch of Celea Therapeutics to advance deupirfenidone, with Phase 3 initiation expected in H1 2026, and a focus on operational efficiency and capital allocation to drive shareholder value."], ["20250828", "Franklin Templeton has launched the Franklin Multisector Income ETF (Nasdaq: MULT), an actively managed exchange-traded fund. This new ETF aims to provide diversified income and long-term capital appreciation by investing across various global fixed income markets with a disciplined risk management approach. Led by Mike Salm, Patrick Klein, and Albert Chan, the fund targets a broad spectrum of bond sectors, including corporate credit, government securities, securitized debt, and emerging markets, utilizing bottom-up security selection and macroeconomic insights."], ["20250828", "Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. (NASDAQ: KTTA) announced its participation in the H.C. Wainwright 27th Annual Global Investment Conference. CEO Dr. Tiago Reis Marques will deliver a live presentation on September 10, 2025, and management will be available for one-on-one meetings. The company will be discussing its lead drug candidate, PAS-004, a macrocyclic MEK inhibitor currently in Phase 1 clinical trials for advanced cancer and NF1-associated plexiform neurofibromas."], ["20250828", "MAAS (NASDAQ: MAAS) has completed the acquisition of Carve Group Ltd for $293.84 million through a share-based transaction, issuing 195,894,609 Class A ordinary shares to the sellers. This strategic move grants MAAS control over Zhongshen Resources Development, with its valuable 40+ year-old wild ginseng roots, and Glyken Bird Nest Technology, which operates a biotech factory for bird's nest peptides. The acquisition positions MAAS in the healthcare and wellness sector, combining traditional medicine resources with modern biotechnology, while significantly restructuring its ownership with sellers now holding 88.32% of total issued share capital."], ["20250828", "Casella Waste Systems, Inc. announced the pricing of the remarketing for $37.5 million of Solid Waste Disposal Revenue Bonds. These bonds, originally issued in 2020, will be remarketed at a new interest rate of 4.250% per annum for a term ending in 2030, with $2.5 million being redeemed with cash. The remarketing, expected to take place on September 2, 2025, aims to optimize the company's capital structure and manage debt costs."], ["20250828", "Agrify Corporation has acquired a portfolio of cannabis brand intellectual properties, including RYTHM, Dogwalkers, and Beboe, from Green Thumb Industries for $50 million. Following this acquisition, Agrify will change its name to RYTHM, Inc. and will begin trading on Nasdaq under the symbol \"RYM\" on September 2, 2025. The company will also license these brands back to Green Thumb Industries for manufacturing and distribution."], ["20250828", "Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) reported a significant increase in its third-quarter profit, surpassing Street estimates. The company's bottom line rose to C$2.094 billion, or C$2.15 per share, compared to C$1.786 billion, or C$1.82 per share, in the previous year, with revenue also seeing a substantial increase. Adjusted earnings per share of C$2.16 exceeded analysts' average expectation of C$2.00."], ["20250828", "Cel-Sci Corporation has successfully raised $10 million to advance its lead immunotherapy, Multikine, through a dual-track strategy focusing on both U.S. regulatory progress and market entry in Saudi Arabia. The company aims for accelerated patient access and reimbursement in Saudi Arabia while pursuing a confirmatory trial in the U.S. This capital-efficient approach, coupled with a GMP-certified manufacturing facility, positions Cel-Sci for potential long-term growth and commercialization."], ["20250828", "Metalpha Technology and AMINA Bank have partnered to launch Principal Fund I, a crypto equity fund targeting qualified professional investors in Hong Kong with a minimum investment of $1M USD. The fund has outperformed its benchmark by over 20% since August 2024 and focuses on listed equities of crypto-related public companies like Coinbase and MicroStrategy. This collaboration aims to cater to surging institutional demand for digital asset exposure and leverage Hong Kong's growing crypto infrastructure."], ["20250828", "Richtech Robotics Inc. (NASDAQ: RR) shares dropped after the company announced a $100 million at-the-market equity offering. The offering, conducted through Rodman & Renshaw LLC and H.C. Wainwright & Co., will sell Class B common stock directly into the open market, potentially leading to significant dilution. Investors are concerned the additional supply of shares could weigh on existing shareholder value."], ["20250828", "Huntsman Corporation and Subsidiaries are challenging a $7.7 million income tax deficiency determined by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue for their 2017 tax year. The dispute centers on the calculation of the 2017 I.R.C. \u00a7960 Foreign Tax Credit, specifically regarding the application of a \"hovering deficit\" to reduce the deemed paid foreign tax credit. Huntsman alleges errors in the Commissioner's determination and lack of proper explanation for the deficiency."], ["20250828", "Entera Bio (NASDAQ: ENTX) will present data from three key programs at upcoming September 2025 conferences, including clinical data for its oral PTH(1-34) tablet, EB613, for osteoporosis treatment at ASBMR 2025. The Phase 2 study for EB613 in post-menopausal women showed a rapid onset of action and increases in bone mineral density (BMD) at both cortical and cancellous bone. Following an alignment with the FDA in July 2025, Entera Bio is planning a global Phase 3 registration study for EB613, aiming for it to be the first once-daily oral anabolic tablet for osteoporosis."], ["20250828", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for investors to access Coty Inc. (COTY) SEC filings, including annual 10-K reports, quarterly 10-Q earnings, 8-K material events, and insider trading forms. It offers detailed insights into Coty's business, finances, and governance, with AI-powered summaries to highlight key information from complex documents. Recent filings cover executive compensation, insider trading activities, and a multi-year transformation plan focusing on capital structure simplification and deleveraging."], ["20250828", "The Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) has approved Rocket Companies' $9.4 billion acquisition of Mr. Cooper Group, setting a 20% market share cap for each company in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac's servicing portfolios to ensure market stability. This regulatory clearance, along with antitrust approval, paves the way for a crucial shareholder vote on September 3, potentially creating a mortgage servicing giant with $2.1 trillion in loans. Rocket expects significant operational synergies and projects the deal to close in Q4 2025."], ["20250828", "Nordson Corporation announced that its Board of Directors has approved a five percent increase in the Company\u2019s quarterly cash dividend to $0.82 per common share from $0.78. This marks the 62nd consecutive year of annual dividend increases for Nordson, placing it among an elite group of publicly traded companies. The dividend is payable on September 25, 2025, to shareholders of record as of September 11, 2025."], ["20250828", "YD Bio Limited has announced the successful completion of its business combination with Breeze Holdings Acquisition Corp., a move that positions the biotechnology company for accelerated innovation and market expansion. Trading of its common stock and warrants is expected to commence on the Nasdaq Global Market on August 29, 2025, under ticker symbols \"YDES\" and \"YDESW.\" The company will focus on advancing DNA methylation-based cancer detection technology and ophthalmologic innovations, with $11.5 million in funding secured for future operations."], ["20250828", "NextEra Energy announced the settlement rate for stock purchase contracts from corporate units issued in September 2022. Holders will receive 0.5705 shares of NextEra Energy common stock for each contract, based on the average closing price over 20 trading days ending August 27, 2025. This settlement will generate approximately $2.0 billion for NextEra Energy in exchange for about 22.8 million shares of common stock."], ["20250828", "Webull (NASDAQ: BULL) reported strong Q2 2025 financial results, with total revenues growing 46% year-over-year to $131.5 million and customer assets reaching an all-time high of $15.9 billion. Despite achieving three consecutive quarters of operating profitability, the company reported a net loss of $28.3 million due to equity offering costs and accounting adjustments. Webull also expanded its global operations, re-launched cryptocurrency trading, and secured a $1 billion standby equity purchase agreement."], ["20250828", "The Schall Law Firm has announced an investigation into Coty Inc. (NYSE: COTY) following the company's disappointing Q4 and FY 2025 financial results, which led to a 21% stock drop. The investigation focuses on whether Coty issued false or misleading statements to investors. Shareholders who suffered losses are encouraged to contact the law firm to discuss their rights."], ["20250828", "A director at Rockwell Automation recently sold US$1.1m worth of company stock, reducing their holding by 25%. This Insider selling is contrasted with a significant insider purchase made by the Senior VP & CFO earlier in the year at a lower price. Despite the recent selling, overall insider ownership is considered sufficient to align insider and shareholder interests, and the article suggests that the recent selling should not be overly concerning."], ["20250828", "Teledyne Technologies Incorporated (NYSE:TDY) appears fairly priced at US$541, trading slightly below its intrinsic value according to Simply Wall St's model. Despite recent share price growth and optimistic future earnings expectations in the teens, investors are advised to consider the company's financial strength and the stock's volatility before making an investment decision due to its current fair valuation."], ["20250828", "Sompo Holdings has announced its acquisition of Aspen Insurance Holdings for approximately US$3.5 billion to diversify its portfolio, expand globally, and access new markets in the Americas, UK, Europe, and APAC. This strategic acquisition enhances Sompo's property and casualty business outside Japan and provides access to the alternative reinsurance market through Aspen Capital Markets. The deal aims to optimize capital, manage risk exposure, and reduce earnings volatility for Sompo."], ["20250828", "This article spotlights GeoPark Limited (GPRK) as a potentially undervalued deep-value energy play. It highlights the company's strong free cash flow generation, attractive capital returns, and low valuation metrics like an IV/P of 2.00 and an Acquirer\u2019s Multiple of 3.41, suggesting a significant margin of safety despite its small-cap status and commodity cyclicality."], ["20250828", "Douglas County received an 'AAA' credit rating affirmation from S&P Global Ratings, recognizing its strong financial practices, thriving economy, and long-term resilience. This top-tier rating, held since August 2014, signals financial stability, flexibility, and a positive outlook for the community, attracting businesses and assuring residents of predictable taxes and essential services. The affirmation highlights the county's effective management of growth and fiscal pressures."], ["20250828", "POET, a global biofuels producer, is set to acquire Green Plains Inc.'s ethanol plant in Obion, Tennessee, for $190 million. This acquisition will expand POET's portfolio to 35 bioprocessing facilities and increase its annual production capacity to 3.1 billion gallons of bioethanol. Green Plains views the sale as a move to unlock shareholder value and strengthen its balance sheet, allowing it to retire junior mezzanine notes."], ["20250828", "Build-A-Bear Workshop (NYSE: BBW) announced record-breaking financial results for both the second quarter and first half of fiscal year 2025, exceeding previous guidance. The company reported significant increases in total revenues, pre-tax income, and diluted earnings per share, driven by strong store performance and expansion of its global partner-operated model. Consequently, Build-A-Bear has raised its annual guidance for revenue, pre-tax income, and net new unit growth for fiscal 2025."], ["20250828", "Johnson & Johnson MedTech has been hit with a permanent injunction preventing it from withholding clinical support for cardiac mapping devices when customers purchase them from reprocessing companies. This follows a previous ruling where the company was ordered to pay $442.2 million in damages for antitrust violations. The injunction also bars J&J MedTech from implementing technology to disable reprocessed devices and requires an executive to report compliance to the court for five years."], ["20250828", "Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADI) is set to pay a US$0.99 dividend per share, bringing its trailing twelve-month dividend to US$3.96, yielding 1.5%. While the dividend is affordable from a cash flow perspective, the company's payout ratio of 99% of earnings is considered high. Flat earnings growth over the past five years also raises concerns about the long-term sustainability of the dividend."], ["20250828", "Gambling.com Group announced over 60 finalists across 12 categories for the 2025 American Gambling Awards. Winners will be recognized starting in early October and celebrated at an exclusive dinner in November. The awards will feature the Golden Eagle trophy and acknowledge leaders shaping the American online gambling industry."], ["20250828", "Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC) reported strong fiscal third-quarter results, with an 8% sequential decline in provisioning costs and a 6 basis point expansion in adjusted net interest margin. Adjusted earnings per share rose 5% sequentially to C$2.16. Morningstar expects to raise its fair value estimate for CIBC shares but still views them as moderately overvalued due to exposure to uninsured Canadian residential mortgages and trade policy uncertainties."], ["20250827", "Sompo Holdings announced its plan to acquire New York-listed Aspen Insurance Holdings for approximately $3.5 billion, offering $37.50 per share, a 35.6% premium. This acquisition is part of a broader trend of Japanese financial firms investing overseas due to limited domestic growth. Sompo aims to integrate Aspen's operations to strengthen its global property and casualty insurance platform, with the deal expected to close in the first half of 2026."], ["20250827", "U.S. GoldMining is advancing its 2025 exploration program at the Whistler district-scale copper-gold project in Alaska, focusing on early-stage targets while awaiting results from a preliminary economic assessment (PEA). The company is conducting top-of-bedrock drilling at porphyry copper-gold targets and mapping at Muddy Creek to define future drill targets for 2026. Alaska's Senator Lisa Murkowski recently visited the project, highlighting its potential and the proposed West Susitna Road development."], ["20250827", "Marex Group plc (NASDAQ: MRX) has launched access to China Internationalised Futures Contracts, allowing clients to electronically execute and clear 24 Chinese futures and options products. This initiative responds to client demand for managing risks and price discovery in Chinese commodities and aligns with Marex\u2019s strategy to expand its capabilities and geographic reach, particularly in the Asia-Pacific region. The offering spans agricultural commodities, energy, metals, and freight from three key internationalized futures exchanges in China."], ["20250827", "Cognition Therapeutics, Inc. announced a $30 million registered direct offering of common stock to two new fundamental institutional investors. The company intends to use the net proceeds to fund preparation for its Phase 3 programs of zervimesine in neurodegenerative disorders, as well as for working capital and general corporate purposes. The offering is expected to close around August 29, 2025."], ["20250827", "Lamar Advertising Company announced a quarterly cash dividend of $1.55 per share, payable on September 30, 2025, to stockholders of record as of September 19, 2025. The company expects total quarterly distributions for 2025 to be at least $6.20 per common share, pending board approval. Lamar, a major outdoor advertising firm, operates over 366,000 displays, including the largest network of digital billboards in the U.S."], ["20250827", "Zions Bancorporation announced that its Chairman and CEO, Harris Simmons, will present at the Barclays Global Financial Services Conference on September 10 at 11:15 am Eastern. The regional bank giant, with $89 billion in total assets and $3.1 billion in annual net revenue for 2024, operates across 11 western states. An audio webcast of the session will be available on the company's website."], ["20250827", "Pure Barre has announced the return of its annual Fall Fit Challenge, inviting members nationwide to complete 30 classes in 60 days between September 2 and October 31. The challenge aims to promote consistency, strength, and community through its diverse class formats. Participants can track progress via the Pure Barre app, earn digital badges, and have the chance to win prizes, including a three-month unlimited membership."], ["20250827", "Randal Klein, an insider at XBP Global Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:XBP), recently purchased US$80,000 worth of company shares at US$0.54 each. While this individual purchase was significant for Klein, it was made below the current share price of US$0.60, suggesting less about current valuation sentiment to outsiders. The article also notes that insiders own approximately 2.8% of the company, valued at US$1.9 million."], ["20250827", "Essential Utilities (NYSE: WTRG) announced a $26 million investment in a 1,400-acre data center facility in Greene County, Pennsylvania, partnering with International Electric Power III, LLC (IEP). Through its subsidiaries Aqua and Peoples, Essential will build and operate an 18 MGD water treatment plant and provide natural gas consulting services to the data center. This project highlights Essential's capabilities in supporting the growth of AI-driven data infrastructure, with the Greene County facility expected to be operational in Q1 2029."], ["20250827", "Agilent Technologies announced strong financial results for Q3 2025, with revenue reaching $1.74 billion, a 10.1% increase year-over-year, and GAAP EPS rising 22% to $1.18. All three business groups saw growth, leading the company to revise its full-year revenue outlook upward to between $6.91 billion and $6.93 billion. Management expressed confidence in continued strong performance for the remainder of fiscal year 2025."], ["20250827", "SoundHound AI, Inc. announced its participation in two investor conferences in September. Keyvan Mohajer, Co-Founder and CEO, will present at Citi\u2019s Global TMT Conference on September 4, and Nitesh Sharan, CFO, will present at the Piper Sandler Growth Frontiers Conference on September 11. Both presentations will be streamed live on SoundHound\u2019s investor relations website."], ["20250827", "Sallie Mae (Nasdaq: SLM) announced that Chief Financial Officer Pete Graham will speak at the Barclays Global Financial Services Conference on September 9th at 10:30 a.m. ET. A live audio webcast and replay of the event will be available on the Sallie Mae investor relations website. The company emphasizes its mission to support education and life-long learning through private student lending and other resources."], ["20250827", "Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) reported stronger-than-expected quarterly earnings, driven by a reduction in loan-loss provisions. The bank, a major player in North America, experienced growth across all its key segments, including a record quarter for capital markets revenue. This positive performance contributes to a strong earnings season for Canadian banks, which have scaled back credit-loss provisions."], ["20250827", "Rio Tinto's new CEO, Simon Trott, has announced a strategic shift to divide the company into three core business units: iron ore, aluminum and lithium, and copper. This restructuring, effective immediately, aims to simplify operations and focus on the most profitable assets, especially given falling iron ore and lithium prices. The changes also include a strategic review of non-core assets like borates and titanium, and the redundancy of the Chief Executive Australia role."], ["20250827", "Rio Tinto is restructuring its operating model and executive team to streamline operations and enhance shareholder value. The company will simplify its product group structure into three world-class businesses: Iron Ore, Aluminium & Lithium, and Copper, each led by new or continuing executives. This reorganisation aims to improve accountability, operational excellence, and focus on the most compelling growth opportunities, with some businesses undergoing strategic review and key leadership changes, including departures of Sinead Kaufman and Kellie Parker."], ["20250827", "B. Riley Securities announced it will host its annual BDC & CLO Investor Conference on October 8-9, 2025, in Washington, D.C. This exclusive event will gather senior executives and institutional investors from the business development company (BDC) and collateralized loan obligation (CLO) sectors. The conference will feature company presentations, small group sessions, and networking opportunities."], ["20250827", "Real Brokerage Inc. (REAX) has expanded its presence in Northern California by integrating Showcase Real Estate, along with its 45 agents, through its Private Label program. This strategic move allows Showcase to maintain its brand identity while leveraging Real's national platform and AI technology, potentially enhancing Real's agent network and technology adoption. While the immediate impact on key short-term catalysts like margin improvement and revenue diversification is seen as limited due to the modest size of the addition, the long-term investment narrative focuses on digitally enabled agent growth and technology adoption to drive market share and efficiency."], ["20250827", "QT Imaging Holdings, Inc. announced it has secured $5.0 million in additional financing from Lynrock Lake Master Fund LP. The company used these proceeds to repurchase and cancel 15,000,000 warrants held by Yorkville at an exercise price of $0.40 per share. This move is seen by QT Imaging's CEO, Dr. Raluca Dinu, as a reflection of confidence in the company's future and an opportunity to enhance long-term shareholder value."], ["20250827", "PVH Corp, parent company of Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger, reported a 4% revenue increase to $2.167bn in Q2, driving a raised full-year revenue outlook. The company reaffirmed its non-GAAP earnings guidance despite macroeconomic uncertainties and tariff impacts, expecting 2025 to mark its return to growth through strong performance in its core brands and strategic initiatives. Regional performance varied, with solid growth in the Americas offsetting declines in APAC."], ["20250827", "Prudential plc announced strong financial results for the first half of 2025, with double-digit growth across key metrics and an updated capital management program. The company reported a 12% increase in new business profit to $1,260 million and a 14% increase in operating free surplus to $1,560 million. Prudential also expects to return over $5 billion to shareholders between 2024 and 2027, including a planned $500 million share buyback in 2026 and $600 million in 2027."], ["20250827", "Prudential plc announced strong financial results for the first half of 2025, reporting a 12% rise in new business profit and a 14% increase in operating free surplus. The company raised its interim dividend by 13% and outlined plans to return over US$5 billion to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks from 2024 to 2027. CEO Anil Wadhwani expressed confidence in achieving 2027 financial objectives, citing strategic progress and investments."], ["20250827", "Prospect Capital (PSEC) reported Q4 2025 earnings, beating EPS forecasts by 30.77% with $0.17, but missing revenue expectations at $166.95 million. Despite the mixed results, the company's stock saw a slight gain in regular trading but a premarket drop. Prospect Capital continues its strategy of focusing on middle market lending and first lien senior secured loans, anticipating double-digit growth in its real estate portfolio's net operating income."], ["20250827", "The latest Primerica Household Budget Index\u2122 (HBI\u2122) data for July shows that the purchasing power for middle-income families remained relatively stable at 100.1%, marking a 0.1% increase from the previous month and a 1.0% increase year-over-year. This index specifically tracks how inflation and wage trends affect middle-income households' ability to afford necessities, adjusting the Consumer Price Index to focus on items like food, utilities, gas, auto insurance, and healthcare. Primerica's HBI\u2122 aims to provide a clearer picture of economic impact on middle-income Americans, who constitute over 55% of the U.S. population."], ["20250827", "Penumbra has announced the promotion of Shruthi Narayan to President of the company, effective September 1, 2025. Narayan, who has over 20 years of medical device experience and more than a decade at Penumbra, will continue to report to Adam Elsesser, who remains Chair and CEO. This move recognizes her leadership in the interventional business and her contributions to the company's growth in treating stroke and blood clots."], ["20250827", "Insight Enterprises' stock has fallen 13% recently, but its financial indicators, particularly its decent 9.3% Return on Equity (ROE) and 7.1% net income growth, suggest potential for long-term recovery. Despite a moderately low ROE compared to the industry average, the company's full reinvestment of profits into the business contributes to its earnings growth. Analysts anticipate continued earnings momentum, driven by fundamental strengths rather than just industry trends."], ["20250827", "NeoGenomics (NASDAQ:NEO) currently carries US$341.1m in debt against US$163.7m in cash, resulting in net debt of US$177.4m. The company's liabilities exceed its near-term cash and receivables by US$222.6m, which, while substantial, is less concerning given its US$833.2m market capitalization. Despite 9.7% revenue growth, NeoGenomics reported an EBIT loss of US$79m and negative free cash flow of US$19m, suggesting that its current debt levels pose a significant risk to its financial health."], ["20250827", "NCino Inc. (NCNO) reported a wider loss of $15.3 million for its fiscal second quarter, but its adjusted earnings of 22 cents per share surpassed analyst estimates of 14 cents. The cloud banking company's revenue reached $148.8 million, exceeding forecasts of $143 million. NCino projects third-quarter revenue between $146 million and $148 million, with full-year guidance set at $585 million to $589 million."], ["20250827", "Kindly MD, a Nasdaq-listed healthcare firm, has filed for a $5 billion stock shelf offering after a significant $679 million Bitcoin purchase, aiming to make Bitcoin its primary treasury reserve asset. This move highlights a growing trend of corporate adoption of Digital Asset Treasuries (DATs), but analysts warn that Bitcoin-focused DATs could draw liquidity away from the broader altcoin market, potentially making the market structure more fragile."], ["20250827", "Pacific Avenue Capital Partners has agreed to acquire LKQ Corporation's Self Service segment, known as Pick Your Part, for $410 million. This divestment aims to simplify LKQ's corporate structure and allow it to focus on core business areas, with proceeds going towards debt repayment. The deal is anticipated to close in the fourth quarter of 2025, pending regulatory approvals."], ["20250827", "Institutional investors hold a significant 84% ownership in Linde plc (NASDAQ:LIN), indicating their strong influence over the company's share price. The top 24 shareholders control 51% of the business, with The Vanguard Group, Inc. being the largest at 9.5%. Insider ownership is less than 1%, suggesting management alignment with shareholders but not a concentrated power within the group."], ["20250827", "Kodiak Robotics Inc. has appointed Surajit Datta as its new Chief Financial Officer. Datta will lead all financial operations and strategy, bringing over two decades of experience from leading financial institutions and AI technology companies. His appointment comes as Kodiak prepares to go public on NASDAQ in the second half of 2025 through a business combination with Ares Acquisition Corporation II."], ["20250827", "Gartner has identified eight key forces that will transform corporate finance by 2030, including the pervasive influence of AI, increased machine decision-making, and the rise of \"do it yourself\" technology solutions. These forces necessitate a re-evaluation of how finance organizations are structured and operated, pushing CFOs to adapt talent, systems, and strategies to navigate continuous change and increasing standardization in transactional processes. The upcoming Gartner CFO & Finance Executive Conference will further explore these trends under the theme \"Autonomous Finance.\""], ["20250827", "Grizzly Research claims Archer Aviation (NASDAQ: ACHR) is misleading investors through exaggerated projections and PR tactics, comparing them to Nikola. The report, based on analysis with eVTOL engineers and site visits, alleges Archer's Midnight aircraft is fundamentally flawed, likely uncertifiable, and far behind competitors like Joby Aviation. It also highlights an inflated \"order book\" with questionable commitments, a seemingly idle manufacturing facility, and a \"Defense\" pivot that lacks credibility."], ["20250827", "Brookline Capital Markets has reduced its price target for iBio, Inc. (NASDAQ:IBIO) to $1.60 from $3.60, while maintaining a Buy rating. This adjustment follows iBio's recent $50 million public offering which extends its cash runway and supports key Investigational New Drug (IND) filings. The firm anticipates potential exercises of warrants could further extend the cash runway and assumes future partnerships for iBio's assets."], ["20250827", "Golar LNG has selected Seatrium to upgrade its FLNG Hilli Episeyo unit for a 20-year charter in Argentina. The project involves technical modifications, life extension, winterization, and a new mooring system before its redeployment in the Gulf of San Matias to liquefy gas from the Vaca Muerta Shale formation, starting operations in 2027. This move is part of the broader $50 billion Argentina LNG project, involving major gas producers and aiming for significant operational efficiencies."], ["20250827", "General Mills (NYSE: GIS) announced it will report its fiscal 2026 first-quarter earnings on September 17, 2025. The company will issue a press release, pre-recorded management remarks, and supporting slides, followed by a webcasted question and answer session at 8 a.m. CT. Interested parties can access these materials via the company's investor relations website."], ["20250827", "Rising global defense budgets, driven by geopolitical shifts and conflicts such as Russia's war against Ukraine and Indo-Pacific tensions, are creating a new \"defense spending supercycle.\" This presents significant investment opportunities in the defense sector, particularly in Europe, which is expected to see substantial growth in military spending. The article highlights key investment areas like land-based systems, air platforms, naval advancements, and emerging niches like cybersecurity and drones, while also identifying top stock picks among wide-moat defense companies."], ["20250827", "GD Culture Group Limited (GDC) is launching an AI Immersive Reading Platform, currently in development, to transform storytelling into an interactive, personalized experience. The platform will allow readers to shape narratives and interact with characters, while providing creators with AI-driven tools and a revenue-sharing subscription model. GDC aims to build a vibrant community of creators ahead of the public launch, expected by Q4 2025 or early 2026."], ["20250827", "FICO has been recognized by Chartis Research as a category leader for enterprise fraud solutions for the fifth consecutive time, also topping rankings in payment fraud solutions and fraud platforms. Chartis highlighted FICO's strengths in analytics, AI and GenAI functionality, and advanced fraud detection techniques, noting its innovative integration of generative and agentic AI. FICO's solutions are praised for their ability to detect and mitigate complex fraud across various payment rails and channels, demonstrating a vision for the future of fraud management."], ["20250827", "Bloomberg Indices has announced the addition of sixteen securities to its Bloomberg 500 (B500) Index, effective prior to the open of trading on September 11, 2025, as part of its semi-annual reconstitution. The B500, which includes 500 highly capitalized US companies weighted by float market cap, is designed with a rules-based approach to ensure transparency and representativeness beyond market capitalization. The new additions, primarily from the Technology, Financial, and Industrials sectors, along with several deletions, aim to mitigate biases and systematically evaluate potential members."], ["20250827", "ProShares has launched the ProShares Ultra S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (URSP), offering 2x daily leveraged exposure to the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index. This new ETF aims to provide even exposure across companies within the S&P 500, contrasting with traditional cap-weighted approaches. URSP will invest in derivatives and equity securities, rebalancing daily to track the index's performance."], ["20250827", "The article discusses the transformative potential of modular AI agents, driven by APIs and Model Context Protocol (MCP), in revolutionizing financial operations. It highlights how these systems enhance efficiency, risk management, and client engagement through flexible architectures, natural language interfaces, and advanced explainability. The piece emphasizes the importance of connected systems, data governance, and the ability to convert unstructured data into actionable intelligence for future financial leadership."], ["20250827", "Enlight has successfully secured a $403 million financing package in the US, comprising a $350 million mezzanine loan from Bank Leumi and $53 million in tax equity for its Atrisco project. This funding completes Enlight's 2025 financing plan, covering a 4.8 GW pipeline of new projects expected to connect by 2027. The company anticipates reaching 7.9 GW in operational capacity, generating $1.4 billion in annual revenues."], ["20250827", "Emergent BioSolutions (NYSE: EBS) announced its involvement in two September investor conferences: the Wells Fargo 20th Annual Healthcare Conference on September 4, 2025, and the HCW 27th Annual Global Investment Conference on September 9, 2025. Senior management will present and be available for one-on-one meetings at both events. Investors can access webcasts and replays via the company's investors page."], ["20250827", "Dycom Industries, Inc. (NYSE: DY) announced its participation in three institutional investor conferences in September 2025, including events hosted by Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, and D.A. Davidson. Senior management will present in fireside chats at the Bank of America and Goldman Sachs conferences, with audio webcasts available on Dycom's investor relations website. The company, a leading provider of telecommunications infrastructure services, also plans one-on-one and group meetings with investors at all three events."], ["20250827", "Quest Diagnostics has formed a joint venture called the Diagnostic Lab of Michigan with Corewell Health. The partnership involves building a new 100,000-square-foot facility set to open in 2027, with Quest managing Corewell Health's existing 21 labs starting late this year. This collaboration is part of Quest's strategy to expand its collaborative lab solutions program, which has seen significant growth in recent years."], ["20250827", "DeFi Development Corp. (NASDAQ: DFDV), the first U.S. public company to focus on accumulating Solana's native token (SOL), will ring the Nasdaq Closing Bell on August 29, 2025, at 4:00 PM ET. This event signifies a major milestone for DFDV, bringing together the Solana community and highlighting the ecosystem's growth to traditional financial markets. The company views this as symbolically \"taking Solana public\" and will allow public viewing via livestream."], ["20250827", "Strauss Borrelli PLLC is investigating Capital One for a potential violation of the WARN Act due to an alleged mass layoff of 215 employees in Riverwoods, Illinois on August 15, 2025. The firm believes Capital One may have failed to provide the required 60-day notice, entitling affected employees to 60 days of severance pay and benefits. The WARN Act mandates certain employers to provide 60 days' written notice before significant layoffs or plant closings."], ["20250827", "The FDIC reported that aggregate net income for insured banks fell 1% in Q2 to $69.9 billion, primarily due to higher provision expenses stemming from Capital One's acquisition of Discover. Capital One's integration costs for Discover exceeded initial estimates, contributing to a $4.3 billion loss for the company in the second quarter. Despite this, community bank profits rose, and overall loan growth and domestic deposits increased."], ["20250827", "CNH Industrial N.V. has successfully priced an offering of \u20ac500,000,000 in 3.875% notes due September 3, 2035, with an issue price of 98.906% of the principal amount. The company expects the closing of the offering on September 3, 2025, and intends to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including existing debt repayment. Application will be made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin."], ["20250827", "Conduent Incorporated has successfully completed the refinancing of its existing term loan and revolving credit agreements, which included the full prepayment of its term loan and renewed credit facilities. This strategic move strengthens the company's financial foundation and positions it for future growth, according to CFO Giles Goodburn. Additional details will be provided in an 8-K filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission."], ["20250827", "Former Comtech Telecommunications CEO Ken Peterman has filed whistleblower lawsuits alleging he was wrongfully fired after questioning the accuracy of financial reports and corporate governance issues. Peterman claims his affair with an employee was used as a pretext for his termination, while the employee accuses him of harassment. Separately, Peterman is facing insider trading charges from the Department of Justice and SEC related to stock sales made around the time of his firing."], ["20250827", "Compass Pathways plc (Nasdaq: CMPS), a biotechnology company focusing on mental health innovation, announced its participation in four investor conferences in September 2025. Management will present at the Cantor Global Healthcare Conference, Morgan Stanley 23rd Annual Global Healthcare Conference, H.C. Wainwright 27th Annual Global Investment Conference, and TD Cowen\u2019s 5th Annual Novel Mechanisms in Neuropsychiatry & Epilepsy Summit. Live audio webcasts and replays of these events will be available on the company's website."], ["20250827", "Hesai Group, a major Lidar sensor manufacturer, has received regulatory approval from China for a Hong Kong IPO. The Shanghai-based company plans to issue up to 51.24 million shares, with reports suggesting a fundraising target of US$300 million. This comes after the company was added to the US Department of Defense's list of \"Chinese Military Companies,\" an accusation Hesai denies."], ["20250827", "This article appears to be a fund analysis of the \"NestYield Visionary ETF\" by TAROBO. Without more content, a detailed summary is not possible, but it likely covers the ETF's performance, holdings, and investment strategy."], ["20250827", "Crescent Capital Group is establishing a $3 billion credit continuation fund to transfer assets from its 2017 Crescent Mezzanine Partners VII vehicle. This move allows the Los Angeles-based credit manager to extend its ownership of loan portfolios, many linked to private equity-backed companies, amidst a significant increase in private credit secondary transactions. Other firms like TPG Twin Brook Capital Partners and Antares Capital have made similar moves, highlighting a growing trend in managing liquidity and prolonging asset ownership in the current market."], ["20250827", "Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc. announced that its Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of outstanding 8.125% Senior Notes due 2026 and 6.50% Senior Notes due 2026. The repurchases may occur through various means including open market transactions, private negotiations, or Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. This authorization can be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time without prior notice."], ["20250827", "BILL (NYSE: BILL) announced strong financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, with full-year total revenue reaching $1.5 billion, a 13% increase year-over-year, and core revenue growing 16% to $1.3 billion. The company also reported serving nearly half a million SMBs and 9,000 accounting firms, processing $86 billion in total payment volume in Q4. Alongside these results, BILL authorized a new $300 million share repurchase program, reflecting confidence in its strategy and future growth."], ["20250827", "Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) announced it will release its third-quarter 2025 financial results after market close on Monday, November 3, 2025. A conference call for investors and interested parties will follow on Tuesday, November 4, 2025, at 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time to discuss these results. The call will be accessible via telephone and live webcast on the company's investor relations website, with a replay available until November 18, 2025."], ["20250827", "Ameriprise Financial and Park Federal Credit have sued two advisors, Arthur S. Grossbard and Dylan Pfeffer, who moved their $9 million team to Osaic Wealth. The lawsuit alleges a breach of non-solicitation agreements and failure to return confidential client information. While the duo did not admit wrongdoing, they agreed to an order preventing them from soliciting certain former clients, as the case proceeds to arbitration."], ["20250827", "American International Group, Inc. (AIG) has appointed Scott Hallworth as its new Chief Digital Officer, effective September 1. In this role, Hallworth will be responsible for leading AIG's digital, data, and GenAI strategy with a focus on scaling GenAI across the company. He brings over 30 years of experience, including previous roles as Chief Data Officer at Hewlett Packard Inc. and Capital One, and will report to AIG Chairman & CEO Peter Zaffino after an initial transition period."], ["20250827", "Hafnia Limited reported a net profit of USD 75.3 million for Q2 2025 and USD 138.5 million for H1 2025, distributing a dividend of USD 0.1210 per share. The company highlighted strong market conditions driven by increased trade volumes, improving refining margins, and a favorable product tanker supply outlook. Hafnia also announced strategic developments including the delivery of new dual-fuel methanol vessels, the commencement of its bunker joint venture Seascale Energy, and a successful USD 715 million revolving credit facility."], ["20250827", "Sompo Holdings plans to acquire Aspen Insurance Holdings for approximately $3.5 billion, enhancing its global reach and expanding its specialty and reinsurance offerings. This acquisition will integrate Aspen's diverse business lines and geographic footprint into Sompo's overseas insurance operations, leveraging Aspen's $4.6 billion in annual gross written premiums and Lloyd's syndicate access. The deal, representing a 35.6% premium for Aspen shares, is expected to close in the first half of 2026 and aims to create a robust, diversified global property/casualty platform."], ["20250827", "LKQ Corporation announced it will sell its Self Service segment (Pick Your Part) to an affiliate of Pacific Avenue Capital Partners LLC for $410 million, a move aimed at simplifying LKQ's corporate structure and focusing on its core segments. This strategic divestiture is part of LKQ's multi-year transformation plan, with the net proceeds intended for debt repayment. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2025, pending regulatory approval."], ["20250827", "The Rosen Law Firm is reminding investors of Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: SPPI) who purchased common stock between May 12, 2022, and September 22, 2022, about the upcoming lead plaintiff deadline of September 24, 2025, in a securities class action lawsuit. The lawsuit alleges that Spectrum made false or misleading statements regarding its PINNACLE Study. The firm encourages affected investors to secure counsel and join the class action."], ["20250827", "American Strategic Investment Co. (ASIC) announced it received a notice from the NYSE regarding non-compliance with continued listing standards, specifically concerning its market capitalization and stockholders' equity. ASIC's 30-day average market cap and stockholders' equity were below the $50 million minimum requirement. The company must submit a business plan within 45 days to regain compliance within 18 months, with no immediate impact on its stock listing."], ["20250827", "Virtus Global Multi-Sector Income Fund (NYSE: VGI) has announced its monthly distributions for September, October, and November 2025, each set at $0.08 per share. The fund aims to maximize current income and preserve capital through diversified fixed-income investments. These distribution amounts are estimates only and are not for tax reporting purposes, with actual amounts subject to change based on the fund's fiscal year performance and tax regulations."], ["20250827", "Monteverde & Associates PC, a class action firm, has announced an investigation into Mural Oncology plc (NASDAQ: MURA) following its proposed sale to XOMA Royalty Corporation. Shareholders of Mural Oncology are set to receive $2.035 in cash per share, with a potential additional $0.205 under specific conditions. The firm encourages Mural Oncology shareholders concerned about the fairness of the deal to contact them for more information."], ["20250827", "Monteverde & Associates PC, a class action firm, has announced an investigation into Mural Oncology plc (NASDAQ: MURA) regarding its sale to XOMA Royalty Corporation. The firm is examining whether the proposed transaction, offering shareholders $2.035 in cash per share and potentially an additional $0.205 per share, is a fair deal. Shareholders are encouraged to contact the firm for more information."], ["20250827", "Monteverde & Associates PC, a class action law firm, has announced an investigation into Crescent Energy Company (NYSE: CRGY) following its proposed merger with Vital Energy, Inc. The firm is investigating whether the terms of the deal, where Vital shareholders would receive 1.9062 shares of Crescent Class A Common Stock for each of their shares, are fair. Shareholders of Crescent Energy Company are encouraged to contact the firm for a free consultation regarding the merger."], ["20250827", "The Carlyle Group Inc. CG announced an agreement to acquire intelliflo from Invesco Ltd. IVZ for up to $200 million, deepening its exposure to financial software. This acquisition, expected to close in Q4 2025, includes intelliflo's UK operations and involves carving out its US subsidiaries into a new entity called RedBlack to focus on US RIAs. Carlyle aims to scale both platforms independently, fostering innovation and client-centric growth in wealthtech across key markets."], ["20250827", "General Enterprise Ventures (GEVI) announced a 1-for-6 reverse stock split, reducing outstanding shares from 87.5 million to approximately 14.6 million, effective August 27, 2025. This strategic move aims to meet national securities exchange listing requirements and enhance the company's visibility among institutional investors. The stock will temporarily trade as GEVID for 20 business days before reverting to GEVI, with fractional shares rounded up and stockholders' percentage ownership remaining largely unchanged."], ["20250827", "Virtus Convertible & Income Fund (NYSE: NCV) and Virtus Convertible & Income Fund II (NYSE: NCZ) announced their monthly distributions for September, October, and November 2025. NCV will distribute $0.136 per share, while NCZ will distribute $0.12 per share for each of these months. The funds aim to provide total return through capital appreciation and high current income, with Virtus Investment Advisers, LLC serving as the investment adviser."], ["20250827", "Virtus Convertible & Income Fund (NYSE: NCV) and Virtus Convertible & Income Fund II (NYSE: NCZ) have announced their monthly distributions for September, October, and November 2025. NCV will distribute $0.136 per share for each month, while NCZ will distribute $0.12 per share. These funds aim to provide total return through capital appreciation and high current income, with Virtus Investment Advisers, LLC serving as the investment adviser and Voya Investment Management as the subadviser."], ["20250827", "Kaskela Law LLC has announced an investigation into Forian Inc. (NASDAQ: FORA) on behalf of its long-term investors. The firm is seeking to determine if Forian, its officers, or directors violated securities laws or breached fiduciary duties through recent corporate actions. Long-term Forian shareholders are encouraged to contact Kaskela Law LLC for more information regarding this investigation."], ["20250827", "SBA Communications Corp. stock saw a 4.89% decline on Wednesday, closing at $208.13. This underperformance occurred despite a generally favorable trading day for the broader stock market, which saw the S&P 500 Index and the Dow Jones Industrial Average both rise. This marks the third consecutive day of losses for SBA Communications Corp. shares."], ["20250827", "Levi & Korsinsky, LLP has filed a class action securities lawsuit against XPLR Infrastructure, LP f/k/a Nextera Energy Partners, LP (NYSE: XIFR) on behalf of investors who suffered losses between September 27, 2023, and January 27, 2025. The lawsuit alleges that XPLR made false statements regarding its operational stability and financial practices, particularly concerning its ability to maintain its yieldco operations and distribution growth without significant unitholder dilution. Shareholders are encouraged to contact Levi & Korsinsky before September 8, 2025, to learn about their rights to potentially recover losses."], ["20250827", "The Gross Law Firm has issued a notice to shareholders of PubMatic, Inc. (NASDAQ: PUBM) regarding a securities class action lawsuit. The lawsuit alleges that PubMatic made false and misleading statements about a top demand-side platform buyer shifting clients, leading to reduced ad spend and revenue, thus artificially inflating the company's stock. Shareholders who purchased shares between February 27, 2025, and August 11, 2025, are encouraged to contact the law firm before the lead plaintiff deadline of October 20, 2025."], ["20250827", "Agrify Corporation announced its acquisition of a brand portfolio including RYTHM, Dogwalkers, and Beboe from Green Thumb Industries for US$50 million. Concurrently, Agrify is changing its name to RYTHM, Inc. and will trade under the Nasdaq ticker \"RYM\" starting September 2, 2025. This strategic move aims to position the company as a leader in the well-being consumer space, focusing on hemp-derived THC products and brand licensing."], ["20250827", "Martin Marietta (NYSE:MLM) will host its Capital Markets Day on September 3, 2025, to unveil its SOAR 2030 strategic plan. CEO Ward Nye and the leadership team will present the five-year plan focused on long-term value creation. The virtual event will include presentations, a Q&A session, and a live video webcast with slides for registered participants."], ["20250827", "Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.55 per share, payable on September 30, 2025. The company projects total aggregate quarterly distributions for 2025 to be at least $6.20 per common share, pending board approval. This consistent dividend payment underscores Lamar Advertising's financial stability as a leading outdoor advertising operator."], ["20250827", "Lamar Advertising Company announced a quarterly cash dividend of $1.55 per share, payable on September 30, 2025, to stockholders of record on September 19, 2025. The company expects aggregate quarterly distributions for 2025 to total at least $6.20 per common share, subject to board approval. Lamar Advertising is a large outdoor advertising company in North America, operating over 366,000 displays."], ["20250827", "Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (NYSE: MLM) invites investors and analysts to its Capital Markets Day on September 3, 2025, to discuss strategic opportunities and its SOAR 2030 plan. The event will feature presentations and a Q&A session with the leadership team, streamed live with accompanying slides. A replay will be available on the Company's website afterward."], ["20250827", "Sidley is representing Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited in its acquisition by Sompo Holdings, Inc. for approximately US$3.5 billion. Sompo International Holdings Ltd. will acquire 100% of Aspen's Class A ordinary shares for US$37.50 per share in cash. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and is expected to close in the first half of 2026."], ["20250827", "Dynavax Technologies Corporation announced its participation in a fireside chat at the 2025 Wells Fargo Healthcare Conference on Wednesday, September 3rd at 4:30 p.m. ET. The commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company will make the webcast of the presentation available on the \"Events & Presentations\" page of the \"Investors\" section of its website. Dynavax specializes in developing and commercializing innovative vaccines, including HEPLISAV-B\u00ae for hepatitis B and CpG 1018\u00ae adjuvant."], ["20250827", "Buda Juice, a manufacturer of branded and private label citrus drinks, has filed with the SEC for an initial public offering to raise up to $22 million. The company, founded in 2013, operates from Dallas, TX, and reported $12 million in sales for the 12 months ending June 30, 2025. MDB Capital Group is the sole bookrunner for the deal, and Buda Juice plans to list on either the Nasdaq or NYSE."], ["20250827", "Intuit Inc. announced that Alex Balazs, executive vice president and chief technology officer, will present at the Citi Global TMT Conference on Wednesday, September 3. The fireside chat will be held in New York and is scheduled to begin at 5:50 a.m. Pacific Time (8:50 a.m. Eastern Time). A live audio webcast will be available on Intuit\u2019s investor relations website, with a replay accessible approximately 24 hours after the presentation."], ["20250827", "Pomerantz LLP is investigating potential securities fraud claims against Albany International Corp. (AIN) on behalf of its investors. This investigation follows Albany's report of second-quarter 2025 financial results, where non-GAAP earnings per share missed consensus estimates, leading to a significant drop in the company's stock price. Investors are encouraged to contact the firm if they have suffered losses."], ["20250827", "Americold Realty Trust, one of the world's largest cold storage REITs, has appointed Robert Chambers as its new CEO, effective September 1st. This leadership change comes as the company faces a challenging demand environment, with occupancy levels and stock price significantly impacted by factors like elevated interest rates, inflation, and excess capacity. Chambers, who has been with Americold for 12 years in various leadership roles, will aim to navigate the company through its current difficulties."], ["20250827", "Levi & Korsinsky, LLP is urging investors who suffered losses in PubMatic, Inc. (NASDAQ: PUBM) between February 27, 2025, and August 11, 2025, to join a class action lawsuit. The lawsuit alleges that PubMatic made false statements and concealed that a top demand-side platform buyer was shifting clients, leading to a reduction in ad spend and revenue. Shareholders are encouraged to contact Levi & Korsinsky for information on their rights to seek recovery by October 20, 2025."], ["20250827", "MDB Capital Holdings (NASDAQ: MDBH) announced key Q2 2025 developments, including a private offering for Paulex Bio, which is developing an oral diabetes medication targeting the root cause of the disease. The company also filed an S-1 for Buda Juice's IPO and plans to spin out its \"next generation\" IP law firm, PatentVest, as an independent public company in 2026. These initiatives aim to strengthen MDB's position in public markets and provide investors with new venture opportunities."], ["20250827", "Fitch Ratings has affirmed Athene Holding Ltd.\u2019s \u2018A-\u2019 Long-Term Issuer Default Rating and the \u2018A+\u2019 Insurer Financial Strength rating of its insurance subsidiaries, maintaining a Stable Outlook. This affirmation is based on Athene's strong company profile, financial performance, capitalization, and asset/liability management. The ratings also consider the company's concentration in spread-based products and its relationship with Apollo Global Management, Inc."], ["20250827", "Johnson Fistel, PLLP announced investigations into potential violations of federal and state laws by officers of Elanco Animal Health (NYSE: ELAN), Driven Brands Holdings (NASDAQ: DRVN), Hasbro (NASDAQ: HAS), and TransMedics Group (NASDAQ: TMDX). The investigations involve alleged false or misleading statements and omissions that led to inflated stock prices and other corporate governance concerns. Investors are encouraged to contact the firm to potentially pursue changes to corporate governance practices, recover funds, and seek incentive awards."], ["20250827", "Johnson Fistel, PLLP has initiated an investigation into Petco Health and Wellness Company, Inc. (NASDAQ: WOOF) board members and executive officers for potential breaches of fiduciary duties and violations of federal securities laws. The investigation stems from a securities fraud class action complaint alleging Petco made misleading statements about its business operations and sustainability of its pandemic-related tailwinds. Long-term shareholders who held Petco stock before January 14, 2021, are encouraged to contact the firm."], ["20250827", "Concentric Wealth Management, an Ohio-based firm serving approximately $715 million in assets, has joined LPL Financial's broker-dealer and RIA platform. The team, led by Patrick Burke and Matt Tarka, transitioned from Avantax by Cetera, citing LPL's technology, robust capabilities, and strong alternative investment platform as key factors for their move. This alignment aims to accelerate Concentric Wealth Management's growth while continuing to provide high-caliber advisory services to high-net-worth individuals and a broad spectrum of other clients."], ["20250827", "Token Cat Limited (NASDAQ: TC) announced a planned change in its American depositary shares (ADSs) ratio from 1 ADS representing 240 Class A ordinary shares to 1 ADS representing 4800 Class A ordinary shares, effective around August 29, 2025. This change will act as a one-for-twenty reverse ADS split for ADS holders, with shares automatically exchanged. The company expects the ADS price to increase proportionally, though without guarantee, and its Class A ordinary shares will remain unchanged."], ["20250827", "AM Best has affirmed the financial strength rating of \u2018A-\u2019 (Excellent) and the long-term issuer credit ratings (ICR) of \u2018a-\u2019 (Excellent) for the P/C subsidiaries of United Fire Group (UFG), collectively known as United Fire & Casualty Group. The agency also affirmed the long-term ICR of \u2018bbb-\u2019 (Good) for UFG and its senior unsecured notes. These ratings reflect the group's \"very strong\" balance sheet strength, marginal operating performance, neutral business profile, and appropriate enterprise risk management, with expectations of consistent metrics despite market conditions and natural disaster risks."], ["20250827", "Waste Management Inc. (WM) announced that Devina Rankin, Executive Vice President and CFO, will retire in November after 23 years with the company, but will remain an executive adviser through March 2026. David Reed, currently vice president and business partner for WM\u2019s West Tier operations, will succeed her as CFO. CEO Jim Fish praised Reed's strategic thinking and leadership, noting his previous roles in finance and operations within the company."], ["20250827", "Yiren Digital (NYSE:YRD) has announced an increased dividend payment of US$0.22, taking its annual yield to 7.3%, which is higher than most industry peers. The dividend is projected to be sustainable, with strong coverage by earnings and cash flow, and analysts anticipate EPS growth of 27.1% next year. Despite lacking a long dividend track record, the company's consistent earnings growth supports the likelihood of continued dividend increases, positioning it as a promising income stock."], ["20250827", "The Rosen Law Firm is reminding investors of Petco Health and Wellness Company, Inc. (NASDAQ: WOOF) who incurred losses exceeding $100,000 between January 14, 2021, and June 5, 2025, about the August 29, 2025 lead plaintiff deadline for a securities fraud lawsuit. The lawsuit alleges that Petco made false and misleading statements regarding the sustainability of its business model and its ability to deliver profitable growth. Investors are encouraged to contact the law firm to join the class action."], ["20250827", "ProShares has launched the ProShares Ultra S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (URSP), offering 2x daily leveraged exposure to the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index. This ETF aims to provide even exposure across S&P 500 companies, contrasting with traditional cap-weighted approaches. The fund utilizes derivatives and equity securities, rebalancing daily, and addresses market uncertainties and S&P 500 overconcentration concerns."], ["20250827", "Sompo Holdings is set to acquire Aspen Insurance for approximately $3.5 billion from buyout firm Apollo Global Management. Sompo will pay $37.50 per share in cash, representing a 14% premium over Aspen's closing price. This acquisition follows earlier reports that Sompo was interested in the Bermuda-based insurer and reinsurer."], ["20250827", "The Roundhill NVDA WeeklyPay ETF has declared a weekly distribution of $0.4523 per share. This announcement indicates regular payouts to its investors."], ["20250827", "Grupo Financiero Galicia reported a 70% year-over-year drop in net attributable profit to $172,637 million for the second quarter, primarily due to a 34% decline in net operating income. The company's ROA fell to 1.9% and ROE decreased to 9.5%, indicating significant reductions in profitability compared to the previous year. Despite an increase in consolidated assets by 55% and net worth by 31%, efficiency indicators worsened, reflecting higher relative costs amid lower returns."], ["20250827", "HANetf has listed its Future of Defence UCITS ETF (ticker: NATO) on the Warsaw Stock Exchange, targeting investors interested in defence and cyber security companies in NATO and allied countries. This move aligns with Poland's significant increase in defence spending and growing demand for ETFs. The ETF has already amassed $2.8 billion in assets under management, with strong inflows in 2025, and focuses on firms benefiting from the rising military budgets of NATO members."], ["20250827", "This article highlights two technology-centered growth ETFs, CHAT and SOXX, as potential outperformers against the Vanguard S&P 500 ETF (VOO) over the next decade. CHAT focuses on AI-forward companies, boasting significant returns despite higher fees, while SOXX provides strong exposure to the semiconductor industry, showing superior long-term growth compared to VOO. Both ETFs offer concentrated investments in rapidly expanding sectors, positioning them for substantial future growth."], ["20250827", "SEGG Media Corporation announced a strategic 1-for-10 reverse stock split to enhance institutional investor access, strengthen market structure, and mitigate market manipulation. This proactive measure aims to support the company's growth, facilitate strategic acquisitions, and accelerate revenue expansion. The split is intended to position SEGG Media for long-term value creation following its turnaround."], ["20250827", "Kindly MD Inc. (NASDAQ:NAKA) stock dropped 21.9% after the company announced an at-the-market (ATM) equity offering program of up to $5 billion. This offering, intended for general corporate purposes including its Bitcoin Treasury Strategy, raised investor concerns about potential share dilution. The filing follows Kindly MD's recent merger with Nakamoto Holdings Inc., establishing the combined entity as both a healthcare services provider and a Bitcoin investment vehicle."], ["20250827", "The National Advertising Division (NAD) has referred Maze Therapeutics, Inc. to regulatory authorities because the company failed to respond substantively to an inquiry. This action follows a challenge by Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated concerning claims made by Maze Therapeutics regarding the efficacy of its AMKD treatment, MZE829, compared to Vertex's inaxaplin. Maze Therapeutics declined to participate in the NAD process, stating it does not currently sell a product or advertise MZE829."], ["20250827", "Royal Bank of Canada reported a third-quarter profit of $5.4 billion, up from $4.5 billion last year, with revenue also climbing to $16.99 billion. Despite this, the chief risk officer expects provisions for credit losses to remain high for the next few quarters due to persistent trade tensions, though the economy shows resilience. RBC's Wealth Management and Capital Markets segments saw significant increases in net income, driven by higher client assets and net interest income."], ["20250827", "This article suggests alternative indexing approaches for investors who find the S&P 500 too expensive or are concerned about concentration risk due to its market capitalization weighting. It highlights that a revenue-weighted approach has historically outperformed a market-cap-weighted one over the past five years. The piece argues that while broad index funds offer low cost and diversification, their high concentration in a few stocks can lead to greater declines during market downturns, prompting investors to prematurely sell."], ["20250827", "Photronics, Inc. reported strong Q3 Fiscal 2025 results with revenue of $210.4 million and diluted EPS of $0.39, exceeding expectations. Despite a slight overall revenue decrease, the company saw a 14% increase in flat panel display (FPD) revenue and generated $50.1 million in cash from operations. Photronics also announced a $25 million increase to its share repurchase authorization and provided Q4 Fiscal 2025 guidance projecting revenues between $201 million and $209 million."], ["20250827", "Inspired Entertainment, Inc. has announced a definitive agreement to sell its UK holiday parks business and leisure assets to GENDA Inc. for approximately \u00a318.6 million in cash. This strategic move aims to shift Inspired towards a more digital, scalable model with higher margins, aligning its portfolio and streamlining operations. Inspired will also continue to provide gaming content and platform services to the divested business."], ["20250827", "Perfect Moment Ltd. (NYSE American:PMNT) has received $5.09 million in loans from its chairman, Max Gottschalk, to fund product purchases and operations. In return, the company issued Gottschalk 652,253 shares of restricted common stock valued at $305,398. The loans carry a 12% annual interest rate, with varying maturity dates, and come as the company continues to burn through cash, though it maintains more cash than debt on its balance sheet."], ["20250827", "Crane and truck manufacturer Manitowoc is shifting its focus from product sales to services, aiming for more consistent, higher-margin business. This strategy includes increasing aftermarket sales to $1 billion annually, expanding service locations, and boosting used equipment sales. Other OEMs like Caterpillar and Ford are also focusing on similar growth drivers amidst market volatility and tariff challenges."], ["20250827", "Elliott Investment Management has acquired a significant stake in Los Angeles-based Rexford Industrial Realty, making it one of the top five investors in the REIT. This move aligns with analyst predictions regarding interest in Rexford's portfolio, particularly due to the strong Southern California industrial market. Elliott is known for its activist investment approach, often advocating for changes in the companies it invests in."], ["20250827", "This article examines how the JPMorgan Equity Premium Income ETF (JEPI) and Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF (VYM) have outperformed the Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF (SCHD) over a three-year period. It highlights that JEPI offers monthly income with a higher yield through an actively managed strategy involving large-cap stocks and call options, while VYM provides quarterly dividends and greater growth exposure. The author suggests owning both JEPI and VYM might be a more effective strategy for investors than solely holding SCHD."], ["20250827", "This article provides a detailed stock analysis of Robo.ai (Nasdaq:AIIO), a smart passenger vehicle company. It highlights the company's significant undervaluation based on future cash flow, despite having several risk factors including a negative cash runway, negative shareholder equity, low revenue, and highly volatile share price. The analysis includes recent news and updates regarding earnings, leadership changes, funding announcements, and delisting notices, painting a picture of a company facing considerable challenges while trying to expand and transform."], ["20250827", "This article provides a detailed overview of the Xtrackers Europe Defence Technologies UCITS ETF, including its ISIN (LU3061478973), ticker (XDEF), and key financial metrics. It highlights the ETF's performance, fund size (\u20ac38.71M), TER (0.25%), and the underlying index (STOXX Europe TMI DfSp&CybrsctyInv NR EUR). The article also lists the top 10 holdings and answers frequently asked questions about the ETF."], ["20250827", "Green Thumb Industries (OTCQX: GTBIF) has sold its brand portfolio, including RYTHM and Beboe, to Agrify Corporation (Nasdaq: AGFY) for $50 million in cash. Simultaneously, Green Thumb secured a license agreement to continue manufacturing and distributing these brands and extended a $45 million secured convertible note to Agrify. This strategic move generates immediate cash, maintains operational involvement with its brands, and reinforces Green Thumb's significant ownership stake (35%) in Agrify."], ["20250827", "NovaBay Pharmaceuticals Inc. has seen its stock rise by over 80% following a $6 million securities purchase deal with David Lazar, who also became the new CEO. Despite the significant investment and strategic changes, the company reported a $1.92 million net loss in Q2 2025, raising questions among analysts about whether the new capital and leadership will be enough to achieve financial stability. The stock experienced volatile trading but the investment is seen as a potential path to reinvention and improved financial trajectory."], ["20250827", "Pomerantz LLP has filed a class action lawsuit against XPLR Infrastructure, LP (NYSE: XIFR) on behalf of investors who suffered losses. The lawsuit concerns alleged securities fraud following XPLR's announcement on January 28, 2025, that it was abandoning its yieldco model, suspending cash distributions, and revamping its management team, leading to a significant drop in its unit price. Investors who purchased XPLR securities during the class period have until September 8, 2025, to seek appointment as Lead Plaintiff."], ["20250827", "Pomerantz LLP has filed a class action lawsuit against Petco Health and Wellness Company, Inc. and its officers. The lawsuit, filed in the Southern District of California, alleges that Petco made materially false and misleading statements about its business operations and prospects between January 14, 2021, and June 5, 2025. Investors who purchased Petco securities during this period have until August 29, 2025, to apply to be appointed as Lead Plaintiff."], ["20250827", "Unusual Machines Inc. (UMAC) has announced a new strategic drone treasury investment plan aimed at reinforcing the domestic drone manufacturing ecosystem. The company will selectively allocate capital to strategic ventures that align with its drone treasury strategy, including a recent PIPE funding round for Safe Pro Group (SPAI). CEO Allan Evans stated this initiative is designed to provide better financial returns for shareholders than traditional investments."], ["20250827", "The Virtus Global Multi-Sector Income Fund (NYSE: VGI) has announced its monthly distributions for September, October, and November 2025, each set at $0.08 per share. These amounts are estimates and subject to change for tax purposes. The fund aims to maximize current income while preserving capital by investing in diverse fixed-income sectors."], ["20250827", "DigiAsia Bios has launched its AI-powered \"Contextual Intelligence Engine\" to deliver personalized, real-time financial offers in Indonesia's embedded finance sector. This engine analyzes user transaction patterns and behavioral signals to provide relevant solutions, aiming to boost conversion rates, generate high-margin revenue, reduce marketing inefficiencies, and enhance user retention. Co-CEOs Prashant Gokarn and Alex Rusli emphasize that this innovation transforms cross-selling into value-driven recommendations, strengthening DigiAsia Bios' position as a leading embedded finance partner in the region."], ["20250827", "The Saudi Central Bank invested $40.4 million in silver-related Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) during the second quarter of 2025, including stakes in the iShares Silver Trust (SLV) and the Global X Silver Miners ETF (SIL). This move is part of the Saudi sovereign wealth fund\u2019s asset management strategy, though analysts caution against interpreting it as a signal for \"remonetizing\" silver. The investment has sparked discussion on social media, with some traders viewing it as a bullish sign for silver prices, which analysts expect to break past $39 per ounce."], ["20250827", "Riverview Bancorp has announced the appointment of Graham Clancy as Senior Vice President and Director of Finance and the promotion of Phung Le to Senior Vice President and Controller. These strategic leadership updates are part of the company's commitment to enhancing its financial operations and strengthening its financial strategy. Ms. Le's promotion follows the upcoming retirement of Wendy Beck, who has served Riverview for over 36 years."], ["20250827", "Levi & Korsinsky, LLP reminds investors in PubMatic, Inc. (NASDAQ: PUBM) of a class action securities lawsuit with a lead plaintiff deadline of October 20, 2025. The lawsuit alleges that PubMatic made false statements and/or concealed that a top demand side platform buyer was shifting clients to a new platform, leading to a reduction in ad spend and revenue, thus making positive statements about the company's business materially misleading. Investors who suffered losses between February 27, 2025, and August 11, 2025, may be entitled to compensation without out-of-pocket costs."], ["20250827", "Alpha Modus Corp. has filed a patent infringement lawsuit against A2Z Cust2Mate Solutions Corp. in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. Alpha Modus alleges that Cust2Mate's smart cart products infringe five of its patents related to AI-powered retail technology, including inventory management, customer assistance, and in-store shopping systems. The lawsuit seeks damages, injunctive relief, and enforcement of Alpha Modus's intellectual property rights."], ["20250827", "Johnson Fistel, PLLP has initiated an investigation into whether The J. M. Smucker Company (NYSE: SJM) potentially violated securities laws by misrepresenting or failing to disclose material information to investors. Shareholders who purchased SJM securities and incurred losses are encouraged to join the investigation. The law firm also advises individuals with nonpublic information about the company to consider assisting their investigation or utilizing the SEC Whistleblower program."], ["20250827", "The GrowHub Limited (NASDAQ: TGHL) is a Singapore-based technology company specializing in supply chain traceability and authenticity, operating within the Software \u2013 Infrastructure industry. It leverages a proprietary blockchain platform to offer solutions for product authentication, anti-counterfeit measures, and carbon management. The company's business is divided into the GrowHub Platform, product trading facilitation, and IT professional services, emphasizing transparency and sustainability."], ["20250827", "Skyline Builders Group Holding Limited (NASDAQ: SKBL) announced a private placement totaling $17.775 million. The offering includes the sale of Class A Ordinary Shares and/or prefunded warrants to accredited investors at $0.73 per share, along with Class A Ordinary Share Purchase Warrants. A portion of the proceeds, approximately $7 million, will be used to retire common shares owned by the CEO's beneficially owned company, with the remainder allocated for working capital and general corporate purposes."], ["20250827", "The article discusses BSTZ, a closed-end fund, highlighting its 12% yield and -7.65% discount to Net Asset Value (NAV). The author expresses bullish sentiment due to BSTZ's term trust structure, which promises a liquidity event at NAV upon dissolution in 2031, providing downside protection and capital appreciation potential. Additionally, BSTZ's portfolio, heavily exposed to technology and AI\u2014especially Nvidia\u2014is seen as well-positioned for a lower interest rate environment and strong anticipated earnings from Nvidia, leading the author to add to their position."], ["20250827", "DigiAsia Bios has launched its AI-powered \"Contextual Intelligence Engine\" to provide personalized, real-time financial offers in Indonesia's embedded finance sector. This platform analyzes transactions and behavioral signals to deliver relevant solutions, moving beyond generic upselling to enhance user financial well-being and boost conversion rates for partners. The initiative aims to strengthen DigiAsia Bios's Finance-as-a-Service platform, unlock high-margin revenue streams, and improve user retention while setting a new benchmark for embedded finance innovation in Southeast Asia."], ["20250827", "Fluent Inc. (NASDAQ: FLNT) has announced a strategic partnership with Databricks, leveraging its Data Intelligence Platform and Delta Sharing protocol for privacy-first data collaboration. This initiative, coupled with the appointment of Virginia Marsh as Head of Data & Agencies, aims to enhance Fluent's data intelligence capabilities and expand its data monetization strategies. The partnership focuses on enabling secure, compliant, and AI-powered data sharing and audience activation for brands and agencies in a post-cookie digital ecosystem."], ["20250827", "Ball Corporation announced the completion of the sale of 41% of its 51% ownership interest in Ball United Arab Can Manufacturing Company (UAC) to a subsidiary of ORG Technology Co., Ltd. for approximately $70 million. Following the transaction, Ball will retain a 10% ownership stake in the Saudi Arabia-based joint venture, aiming to focus on a disciplined, returns-oriented portfolio and strengthen flexibility for core growth investments. The deal deepens Ball's relationship with ORG and is expected to enhance customer service in the Middle East."], ["20250827", "Thread Bank has selected Finxact from Fiserv as its core banking platform to power its embedded banking strategies. This partnership aims to provide modern, compliant, and scalable embedded and core banking solutions, leveraging Finxact's API-first approach and Fiserv's compliance expertise, while serving as a model for other community banks. The bank will also use Infinant's Interlace Platform for its embedded banking layer, providing a modern user interface for banking capabilities and payment processing."], ["20250827", "Oxford Industries, Inc. announced its second-quarter fiscal 2025 financial results will be released on September 10, 2025, after market close, followed by a conference call at 4:30 p.m. ET. CEO Thomas C. Chubb III and CFO K. Scott Grassmyer will discuss the results, with a live webcast available on the company's website and a replay accessible until September 24, 2025. The company, known for brands like Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer, is traded on the NYSE under OXM."], ["20250827", "Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C. is investigating potential claims against J.M. Smucker Company (NYSE:SJM) on behalf of stockholders following significant impairment charges related to its Hostess Brands acquisition. The investigation concerns whether Smucker violated federal securities laws due to disappointing financial results and decreased net sales in its Sweet Baked Snacks segment. Investors who suffered losses are encouraged to contact the firm to discuss their legal rights."], ["20250827", "Olaplex Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: OLPX) will participate in the Barclays 18th Annual Global Consumer Staples Conference on September 2, 2025. CEO Amanda Baldwin and COO/CFO Catherine Dunleavy will deliver a fireside chat presentation detailing the company's growth strategy. The presentation will be available on Olaplex's investor relations website for 90 days following the event."], ["20250827", "Token Cat Limited announced a planned change to its American depositary shares (ADSs) ratio, effective August 29, 2025. The new ratio will be one ADS representing 4800 Class A ordinary shares, equivalent to a one-for-twenty reverse ADS split. Existing ADS holders will have their shares automatically exchanged, and the company anticipates a proportional increase in the ADS price."], ["20250827", "Axogen, Inc. announced its participation in four upcoming investor conferences in September 2025, including the Cantor Global Healthcare Conference, Wells Fargo Healthcare Conference, Morgan Stanley Annual Global Healthcare Conference, and Lake Street Best Ideas Growth (BIG 9) Conference. Management will engage in fireside chats and 1x1 investor meetings to discuss the company's developments in peripheral nerve regeneration and repair. Webcasts for applicable events will be available on Axogen's investor relations page."], ["20250827", "Virtus Convertible & Income Fund (NCV) and Virtus Convertible & Income Fund II (NCZ) have announced their monthly distributions. This news was released via Quantisnow, a platform that provides real-time market data and news to retail investors. Quantisnow Plus members were alerted of this development shortly after publication."], ["20250827", "The GAMCO Natural Resources, Gold & Income Trust declared monthly cash distributions of $0.05 per share for October, November, and December 2025, increasing the annual distribution by 25% to $0.60 per share. The distributions for 2025 are primarily expected to be a return of capital for tax purposes. The Board of Trustees will continue to monitor the Fund's distribution level based on its net asset value and market conditions."], ["20250827", "Orange County Bancorp, Inc. announced a cash dividend of $0.13 per share of its common stock. The dividend is scheduled to be paid on September 16, 2025, to shareholders recorded on September 8, 2025. The company is the parent of Orange Bank & Trust Company and Hudson Valley Investment Advisors, Inc., with Orange Bank & Trust Company holding approximately $2.5 billion in total assets."], ["20250827", "This article analyzes two AAA CLO ETFs, JAAA and ICLO, evaluating which offers superior risk-adjusted returns. The author recommends JAAA due to its greater diversification, higher liquidity, and lower bid-ask spread, despite ICLO's slightly higher yield and active management. The core argument is that JAAA's passive, diversified approach minimizes manager-specific and liquidity risks, providing nearly identical returns with less risk exposure."], ["20250827", "Green Thumb Industries (GTI) has announced a series of transactions with Agrify Corporation, including the sale of several CPG brands for $50 million. The agreement also involves a licensing arrangement allowing GTI to continue manufacturing and distributing these brands, and GTI has extended a $45 million secured convertible loan to Agrify. These transactions highlight the interweaving business interests between the two companies, given GTI's indirect ownership in Agrify and overlapping leadership."], ["20250827", "FlexShopper (Nasdaq: FPAY) has received a Nasdaq deficiency notice for failing to file its Q2 2025 Form 10-Q on time, adding to previously delinquent 2024 Form 10-K and Q1 2025 Form 10-Q filings. The company has until October 13, 2025, to submit an updated compliance plan and file all three overdue financial reports to avoid potential delisting. FlexShopper attributes the delays to needing more time for accounting and internal control processes."], ["20250827", "Artificial intelligence and machine learning have been integral to BlackRock Systematic's investment process for nearly two decades, helping to shift from qualitative to quantitative analysis. The firm uses specialized Large Language Models (LLMs), trained on narrow datasets, to analyze textual data for investment insights and to efficiently build thematic equity baskets. This approach, exemplified by their \"Thematic Robot\" tool, blends human expertise with AI to navigate dynamic market themes and achieve more precise investment outcomes."], ["20250827", "Harvest Midstream announced the signing of a purchase and sale agreement to acquire natural gas gathering and processing assets from MPLX LP for $1 billion. This acquisition, expected to close in Q4 2025, will significantly expand Harvest's operations in the Uinta and Green River basins, adding extensive gas gathering pipelines and processing capacity. The move is part of Harvest's strategy to become a leading privately held midstream company and leverage its operational expertise for future growth."], ["20250827", "Destination XL Group (DXLG) reported challenging Q2 2025 results with total sales of $115.5 million, a 7.5% year-over-year decrease, and a net loss of $(0.3) million. The company is responding to shifting consumer behavior and macroeconomic challenges by focusing on expanding private brand penetration to over 65% by 2027, implementing FiTMAP sizing technology, and maintaining financial flexibility with an extended credit facility. Despite a downturn in comparable sales across both stores and direct business, the company aims to improve margins and enhance customer value perception through these strategic initiatives."], ["20250827", "InvenTrust Properties Corp. has announced the recast of its $400 million unsecured term loans, extending their maturities and securing improved pricing. This strategic move strengthens the company's financial flexibility by extending the weighted average maturity of the loans from 2.9 to 5.1 years and fixing interest rates through forward-starting interest rate swap agreements. The recast term loans demonstrate the resilience of InvenTrust's Sun Belt portfolio and provide certainty in its capital structure."], ["20250827", "Donaldson Company (NYSE: DCI) reported strong fourth-quarter and full-year fiscal 2025 results, exceeding expectations with record sales and earnings, and returning $465 million to shareholders. The company also provided optimistic guidance for fiscal 2026, targeting record sales of $3.8 billion and an EPS around $4.00, driven by growth across its Mobile Solutions, Industrial Solutions, and Life Sciences segments. Strategic initiatives, including footprint optimization and disciplined expense management, contributed to this performance despite challenges like tariff-related inflation."], ["20250827", "Kinross Gold Corporation announced its ownership of shares in Eminent Gold Corp. The article appears to be a press release or news item from Kinross, detailing their investment in another company within the mining sector. The rest of the content includes navigation, operational details, sustainability commitments, investor relations, and career opportunities for Kinross Gold Corporation."], ["20250827", "East West Bancorp, the parent company of Pasadena-headquartered East West Bank, has been recognized as the No. 1 performing bank in the United States for the third consecutive year by Bank Director's 2025 RankingBanking study. The bank topped the $50 billion and above asset category, excelling in key metrics such as return on assets, return on equity, tangible common equity, and non-performing assets. With its corporate headquarters in Pasadena, East West Bank is the largest independent bank in Southern California and operates over 110 locations across the U.S. and Asia."], ["20250827", "CEL-SCI Corporation announced its intention to offer shares of common stock and/or pre-funded warrants in a best-efforts public offering through ThinkEquity as the sole placement agent. The proceeds are intended for funding the continued development of Multikine, general corporate purposes, and working capital. The offering is subject to market conditions and is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3."], ["20250827", "Grupo Televisa, S.A.B. (NYSE: TV) maintains an average \"Hold\" rating from analysts, with one recommending a buy and a one-year price target of $4.70, suggesting an 89% potential upside. Atria Wealth Solutions Inc. recently doubled its stake in the company, and the Spanish-language streaming platform ViX is seen as a key growth driver, alongside an improved Internet subscriber base. Despite this, the article suggests that some AI stocks may offer more promising returns with limited downside risk."], ["20250827", "Inspired Entertainment, Inc. has agreed to sell its UK holiday parks business and related leisure assets to GENDA Inc. for approximately \u00a318.6 million ($25.1 million) in cash. This strategic move aims to shift Inspired towards a more digital, scalable, and higher-margin business model, with proceeds primarily used for debt reduction. The transaction is expected to close in Q4 2025, pending regulatory approvals, and Inspired will continue to provide gaming content and platform services to the divested entity."], ["20250827", "Jupiter Neurosciences (NASDAQ: JUNS) has launched its Nugevia\u2122 e-commerce website and opened pre-orders for three nutraceutical supplements: Nugevia\u2122 GLO, Nugevia\u2122 PWR, and Nugevia\u2122 MND. These products leverage Jupiter's patented JOTROL\u2122 resveratrol delivery platform, which demonstrated a nine-fold increase in bioavailability in Phase I clinical trials, aiming to bring pharmaceutical-grade science to the longevity market. This initiative represents a pivotal expansion of Jupiter's dual-path business model, seeking to generate revenue to support ongoing R&D for its CNS therapeutic programs."], ["20250827", "Great Elm Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: GEG) announced a strategic investment from Woodstead, an institutional investor, involving the purchase of 4.0 million shares of GEG's common stock for $9.0 million. Woodstead will also receive 10-year warrants for additional shares, and Booker Smith of Woodstead has joined GEG's Board of Directors. Separately, Great Elm Capital Corp. (GECC), managed by a GEG subsidiary, issued shares to an affiliate of Booker Smith, strengthening GECC's balance sheet for new investments."], ["20250827", "CNH Industrial N.V. has successfully priced an offering of \u20ac500,000,000 in 3.875% notes, due September 3, 2035, with an issue price of 98.906% of the principal amount. The closing of the offering is expected on September 3, 2025, and the net proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes, including existing debt repayment. An application will be made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin, targeting professional and institutional investors outside the U.S."], ["20250827", "Telesat announced the appointment of Donald Tremblay as its new Chief Financial Officer, effective October 20, 2025. Tremblay brings over 35 years of financial expertise from publicly listed companies in high-growth, capital-intensive industries. He succeeds Andrew Browne, who is retiring after serving as Telesat's CFO since 2019."], ["20250827", "CCH Holdings, a Malaysia-based hotpot restaurant chain, has filed for a $7 million US initial public offering on the Nasdaq under the symbol CCHH. The company operates 32 restaurant outlets across Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, and China under various brands. For the 12 months ended December 31, 2024, CCH Holdings reported $9 million in revenue, with Cathay Securities as the sole bookrunner."], ["20250827", "EVI Industries has acquired ASN Laundry Group, a New York-based distributor of commercial laundry products and services, marking EVI's 31st acquisition in the industry. This strategic move aims to expand EVI's presence and market share in New York while enhancing customer service. Chairman and CEO Henry M. Nahmad emphasizes that the acquisition focuses on investing in people and leveraging the expertise of acquired businesses to provide comprehensive solutions."], ["20250827", "American Express is partnering with Coinbase to launch the Coinbase One Card, targeting younger consumers and integrating into the crypto ecosystem. This move aims to leverage stablecoins for enhanced payment flexibility and faster transactions, despite regulatory uncertainties. Competitors like Mastercard and PayPal are also active in the digital assets space, developing their own crypto solutions and stablecoins."], ["20250827", "Aether Holdings has launched six new financial newsletters under its Alpha Edge Media division, including SentimenTrader and IPO Stream, to expand coverage across equities and digital assets. This initiative aims to create a dual-purpose ecosystem where content serves both as a media product and a data feed for Aether Labs' AI models, fostering a self-reinforcing growth loop. By combining free and paid subscriptions, Aether plans to monetize the newsletters while gathering investor behavior data to enhance its AI-driven fintech tools and platforms."], ["20250827", "LKQ Corporation has announced it will sell its Self Service segment (\"Pick Your Part\") to an affiliate of Pacific Avenue Capital Partners, LLC for an enterprise value of $410 million. This divestment aligns with LKQ's strategic plan to simplify its corporate structure and focus on core segments. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2025, with net proceeds used for debt repayment."], ["20250827", "This article provides a detailed stock analysis of Robo.ai (Nasdaq:AIIO), a smart passenger vehicle company focusing on mobility and green energy solutions across the US, UAE, and mainland China. It covers the company's valuation, future growth prospects, past performance, financial health, and recent news, including its acquisition of Neurovia AI and the launch of its NeuroStream technology. The report also highlights various risks such as highly volatile share price, negative equity, and financial data availability issues."], ["20250827", "DallasNews Corporation ($DALN) has rejected a revised non-binding proposal from Alden Global Capital's MNG Enterprises to acquire all outstanding shares at $18.50 per share. The Board reaffirmed its unanimous support for the existing merger agreement with Hearst, which offers $15.00 per share and represents a 242% premium over the July 9 closing price. Controlling shareholder Robert W. Decherd, who holds over 96% of Series B voting power, has explicitly stated his intention to vote for the Hearst merger and will not approve any sale to Alden."], ["20250827", "Hafnia Limited announced key information regarding its cash dividend for the second quarter of 2025, following its quarter results announcement on August 27, 2025. The dividend amount is $0.1210 per share, with different record and payment dates for shares registered in Euronext VPS and the Depository Trust Company. This disclosure aligns with the requirements of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act."], ["20250827", "Aclaris Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: ACRS) announced its participation in two healthcare conferences in September 2025. CEO Dr. Neal Walker will engage in a fireside chat at the Cantor Global Healthcare Conference and deliver a corporate presentation at the H.C. Wainwright 27th Annual Global Investment Conference, with webcasts available for both events."], ["20250827", "Braemar Hotels & Resorts Inc. has initiated a process for the sale of the company to maximize shareholder value. The board of directors, through a special committee, has engaged financial and legal advisors to explore strategic alternatives, including soliciting interest from potential buyers. This decision was made due to a sustained disconnect between the company's share price and its intrinsic real estate value, and the public markets not being favorable to lodging REITs."], ["20250827", "CSLM Digital Asset Acquisition Corp III has raised $200 million through an IPO, trading as \"KOYNU\" on Nasdaq, to invest in blockchain infrastructure, particularly in emerging markets. This move is expected to influence crypto payroll solutions for startups and potentially impact the regulatory landscape for crypto-friendly SMEs in Europe. The article discusses both the opportunities and challenges presented by this development, including increased accessibility to crypto, the role of stablecoins in treasury management, and potential regulatory scrutiny."], ["20250827", "The Schall Law Firm has announced an investigation into Immunovant, Inc. (NASDAQ: IMVT) regarding potential securities law violations due to false or misleading statements. Shareholders who suffered losses are encouraged to contact the firm to discuss their rights. The firm specializes in securities class action lawsuits and shareholder rights litigation."], ["20250827", "Natus Medical has filed a response denying a patent infringement claim by CeriBell related to wearable EEG devices. CeriBell had requested a USITC investigation, seeking to prevent U.S. sales of Natus' BrainWatch EEG solution. Natus asserts its product does not infringe on CeriBell's patents and emphasizes its commitment to providing its technology to patients and doctors."], ["20250826", "Xiao-I Corporation (NASDAQ: AIXI) has renewed its service contract with a major Chinese mutual fund management company, providing AI-powered solutions through its iBot Pro platform. This collaboration focuses on enhancing customer service, automating high-volume tasks, streamlining internal operations for HR and IT support, and enabling scalable, cost-efficient operations. The iBot Pro platform delivers multi-channel conversational AI capabilities for 24/7 intelligent customer service and improved operational efficiency in the asset management sector."], ["20250826", "Coty's Chief People & Purpose Officer, Priya Srinivasan, purchased 30,000 shares of COTY stock for an estimated $115,200, significantly increasing her holdings. This insider buying activity is part of a broader trend where Coty insiders have made two purchases and no sales in the last six months. The article also details recent hedge fund activity, with some institutions decreasing and others increasing their positions, and provides a summary of recent analyst ratings and price targets for COTY."], ["20250826", "Trevor Montano, a concerned investor, has issued a letter to shareholders of Angel Oak Financial Strategies Income Term Trust (FINS), urging them to vote against a new investment advisory agreement with Angel Oak Capital Advisors, LLC. Montano argues that Angel Oak's decisions have led to poor investment performance, a significant decline in share price, and enrichment of the adviser at the expense of shareholders. He also criticizes the Board's actions, citing a lack of competitive adviser selection and anti-shareholder governance provisions, and highlights that two independent Trustees were not duly elected."], ["20250826", "This page provides a company profile and facts for Cohen Circle Acquisition Corp II (XNAS:CCII), detailing its current stock price and showing no available data. It includes standard market indices and highlights the various services offered by CMLViz.com."], ["20250826", "Canary Capital Group LLC has filed an S-1 registration statement with the SEC for a spot exchange-traded fund, the Canary Trump Coin ETF, which would track the price of the Solana-based $TRUMP memecoin. This initiative allows investors to gain exposure to the token through traditional brokerage accounts. This filing contributes to the increasing number of crypto-linked ETF applications, following the SEC's guidance that memecoins are not securities."], ["20250826", "Quantum's Chief Financial Officer, Lewis Moorehead, has resigned after only four months, adding to the company's ongoing turmoil. This follows a recent boardroom coup, accounting problems, delayed financial reports, and the threat of delisting from Nasdaq. Laura Nash, the current Chief Accounting Officer, will serve as the interim Principal Financial Officer while the company searches for a new CFO."], ["20250826", "Immuneering Corporation, a clinical-stage oncology company, successfully closed a $25 million private placement. This funding aims to support its oncology drug development pipeline, particularly its lead candidate atebimetinib, which is in a Phase 2a trial for advanced solid tumors. The placement involved the sale of Class A common stock and purchase warrants to top-tier institutional and accredited investors."], ["20250826", "Verisk Casualty Solutions announced its attendance at the 79th Annual WCI Conference. This participation highlights Verisk's engagement with key industry events and its offerings in casualty solutions."], ["20250826", "Alchemy Investments Acquisition Corp 1 (ALCY) has announced a merger with Cartiga, LLC, which will result in Cartiga becoming a publicly traded company under the new name Cartiga Holdings, Inc. This strategic move aims to leverage Cartiga's technology investments and expand its market presence in the legal services sector. The deal allows Cartiga's current equity holders to maintain ownership while gaining access to public markets for future growth and acquisitions."], ["20250826", "TAO Synergies Inc. (TAOX) has appointed Joseph Jacks, a prominent figure in the Bittensor ecosystem and founder of OSS Capital, as an advisor to its digital asset treasury strategy. Jacks brings extensive experience in open-source development and significant investment, having directed over $200 million in funding across more than 40 rounds. His role will focus on enhancing TAOX's strategy beyond token staking to include active contributions to the Bittensor ecosystem, aiming to generate increased TAO revenue."], ["20250826", "Super X AI Technology (SUPX) stock reached an all-time high of 65.35 USD, pushing its market capitalization over $609 million. The stock has surged 1148.93% over the past year due to advancements in AI technology and strategic market positioning, though its RSI indicates overbought conditions. Furthermore, SuperX AI Technology Limited is expanding its global infrastructure with a new regional supply center in Japan for AI server assembly and integration, slated to be operational by the end of 2025."], ["20250826", "Sequans has announced a new $200 million At-The-Market (ATM) program. The primary purpose of this program is to fund the company's bitcoin accumulation strategy, indicating a move towards holding bitcoin as a treasury asset. This initiative reflects a growing trend among companies to explore alternative assets for their corporate treasuries."], ["20250826", "The SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY) is experiencing one of its worst years for investor outflows, with $30.2 billion pulled so far in 2025. This marks a significant reversal after strong inflows in 2023 and 2024. Competitors like Vanguard S&P 500 ETF (VOO) and iShares Core S&P 500 ETF (IVV) have surpassed SPY in assets under management, largely due to lower expense ratios and different structural limitations."], ["20250826", "Sound Point Meridian Capital Inc. (SPMC) offers an attractive 16.7% dividend yield, paid monthly, making it a compelling option for income-focused investors, especially as interest rates potentially decline. The company invests in CLOs, providing high current income with potential for capital appreciation. While high yields come with risks such as credit quality and leverage, the monthly payout structure appeals to those seeking predictable income."], ["20250826", "SmartStop Self Storage REIT, Inc. has announced the acquisition of five self-storage properties in Alberta, significantly expanding its presence in Western Canada. This acquisition adds approximately 330,000 net rentable square feet and 2,770 storage units to SmartStop's portfolio, bringing its total Canadian operating assets to 49. The move capitalizes on Alberta's population growth and demand for high-quality storage solutions, aiming to provide long-term value for customers and shareholders."], ["20250826", "ServisFirst Bank Huntsville has appointed Jacob Bridges as Vice President and Commercial Relationship Banker. Bridges will focus on providing tailored financial solutions to businesses across North Alabama, leveraging his decade of experience in commercial banking, including government contracting, manufacturing, and commercial real estate. He is also actively involved in numerous Huntsville community organizations and initiatives."], ["20250826", "This article suggests that the Schwab US Dividend Equity ETF (SCHD) is a safer investment in a volatile market compared to S&P 500 or Nasdaq-100 index funds. It highlights SCHD's complex screening process for identifying dividend-growing stocks and its attractive valuation and dividend yield. The article advises caution due to current high valuations in the broader market, particularly in tech stocks, and positions SCHD as a prudent choice for income investors and those concerned about market volatility."], ["20250826", "Prudential PLC reported a higher profit in the first half of the year, surpassing consensus estimates across its financial results. The insurance-and-investment company recorded an IFRS-adjusted operating profit of $1.64 billion, an increase from $1.54 billion the previous year, and exceeded analysts' projections of $1.63 billion."], ["20250826", "This article identifies the eight best graphene penny stocks for February 2026, highlighting graphene's potential as a \"wonder material\" to transform various industries. It provides an overview of each company, detailing their growth catalysts, risks, and conclusions for potential investors. The article emphasizes that while graphene stocks offer significant upside, they are speculative and carry high risks, suitable for a small portion of a diversified portfolio."], ["20250826", "NovaBay Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NYSEAMERICAN: NBY) shares surged 48.31% in after-hours trading after the company declared a one-time special cash dividend of $0.80 per share. This dividend, representing about 90% of its closing stock price, was enabled by a $6 million investment from CEO David E. Lazar and the sale of its Avenova eyecare products. The move signals a focus on delivering value to stockholders and exploring strategic options."], ["20250826", "This article identifies three funds\u2014Alger Capital Appreciation, BlackRock Technology Opportunities, and Akre Focus\u2014that have become increasingly concentrated in their top holdings over the past three years. This concentration, often driven by the outsized growth of mega-cap tech stocks, poses a significant risk to investors. The funds' high exposure to a few dominant companies means any market correction in these stocks could lead to substantial negative impacts on the funds' performance."], ["20250826", "Altria Group (NYSE:MO) announced it will increase its quarterly dividend to $1.06, a 3.9% rise, resulting in a 6.1% dividend yield. While the company has a strong dividend track record with a 7.0% CAGR over the last decade, concerns remain about its high payout ratio and the company's focus on returning cash to shareholders rather than reinvesting for growth, despite good EPS growth. The article concludes that while the dividend is stable, the high payout ratio makes Altria not a \"rock solid\" income stock."], ["20250826", "Goldman Sachs Group announced an increased dividend of $4.00 per share, up from last year, representing a 2.2% yield. While the company's earnings sufficiently cover the dividend, negative free cash flows raise concerns about its long-term sustainability despite a strong historical growth track record and projected EPS expansion. Investors are advised to consider other income investments due to cash flow concerns."], ["20250826", "LivaNova PLC announced it will host an Investor Day and product showcase on November 12, 2025, in New York City and via webcast. The event will feature presentations from the executive leadership team on the company's strategic roadmap and growth pillars. Interested parties can find additional details and registration information through Investor Relations or on the LivaNova website."], ["20250826", "KeyCorp (NYSE: KEY) announced its participation in the upcoming Barclays Global Financial Services Conference on September 8, 2025. Randy Paine and Clark Khayat will represent the company to discuss its performance, strategy, and outlook. Celebrating its bicentennial, KeyCorp manages approximately $185 billion in assets and operates across 15 states."], ["20250826", "Citi analysts have increased their price target for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) to $200 from $185, maintaining a Buy rating due to strong performance in the medtech sector. This adjustment follows J&J's announcement of a significant expansion of its U.S. manufacturing footprint with a $2 billion investment over ten years. The company is recognized for its global brand, patent-protected drugs, and durable competitive advantage."], ["20250826", "JLL's Global Bid Intensity Index indicates a stabilization in bidding dynamics for commercial real estate after a period of uncertainty, with July 2025 showing the first month-over-month improvement since December of the previous year. Institutional investors are returning to the market with renewed appetite, leading to an expectation of increased capital flows and a pick-up in momentum through the second half of the year. Despite market uncertainty, property sector fundamentals remain strong, and bid-ask spreads are improving across various sectors, especially in living and retail."], ["20250826", "Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP has announced a class action lawsuit against PubMatic, Inc. (NASDAQ: PUBM) on behalf of investors who suffered substantial losses. The lawsuit alleges that PubMatic and its executives violated the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by making false and misleading statements about a top DSP buyer shifting clients to a new platform, which led to a reduction in ad spend and revenue. Investors who wish to lead the lawsuit must file with the court by October 20, 2025."], ["20250826", "The Hartford has appointed Vladimir \"Vlad\" Stojanovic as the new head of Enterprise Strategy, a newly created role, effective September 3. Stojanovic will lead the Enterprise Strategy Office, focusing on accelerating growth by identifying emerging trends, enhancing products, and driving innovation. He brings deep industry expertise from EverPeak Insurance and Oliver Wyman, and will report directly to The Hartford\u2019s President A. Morris \u201cMo\u201d Tooker."], ["20250826", "Murphy Law Firm is investigating potential legal claims on behalf of individuals affected by a data breach at Healthcare Services Group, Inc. (HSGI). The breach, which occurred between September 27 and October 3, 2024, potentially exposed the personal information of 624,496 individuals, including names, Social Security numbers, financial account details, and driver\u2019s license numbers. The firm is considering a class action lawsuit to recover damages for those whose sensitive data may now be at risk of identity theft."], ["20250826", "Boss Energy Limited (ASX: BOE) announced the full repayment of its Uranium Loan Agreement with enCore Energy U.S. Corp., receiving a final payment of US$10.6 million. This repayment was triggered by enCore's successful US$115 million offering of Senior Convertible Notes. Despite the loan's conclusion, Boss Energy's joint venture with enCore at the Alta Mesa Uranium Project in Texas remains active, with Boss holding a 30% stake."], ["20250826", "Enstar, a global legacy re/insurance specialist, has launched Scaur Hill Re Ltd., its first casualty reinsurance sidecar. This new structure is backed by $300 million in capacity from third-party institutional investors and marks Enstar's first use of a directly owned managed ILS structure to transfer risk. Scaur Hill Re will cede a 10% vertical slice of a large, diversified legacy casualty transaction to investors, with Enstar continuing to manage the assets."], ["20250826", "Enstar, a leading legacy and run-off reinsurance specialist, has unveiled Scaur Hill Re Ltd., a $300 million casualty reinsurance sidecar backed by institutional investors. This marks Enstar's first direct insurance-linked securities (ILS) style transaction, signifying a deeper engagement with third-party capital and ILS techniques. The sidecar assumes a 10% vertical slice of a large, diversified, longer-tailed casualty legacy transaction, with Enstar managing the assets and providing investors with defined exit opportunities."], ["20250826", "Euroseas Ltd. has ordered two new 4300 TEU containerships from Jiangsu New Yangzi Shipbuilding in China, valued at approximately US$118.5 million. These vessels are expected to be delivered in March and May 2028 and are part of a modernization plan to enhance the company's fleet with more fuel-efficient ships. Euroseas plans to expand its fleet from 22 to 25 vessels by 2028, increasing its total capacity to 78,344 TEU."], ["20250826", "Jack Henry & Associates Inc. and its 401(k) retirement committee have agreed to a $1.6 million settlement in an ERISA class action lawsuit. The suit, brought by plan participants, alleged excessive recordkeeping and administrative fees and mismanagement of the Prudential Guaranteed Income Fund. Approximately 8,278 plan participants are eligible for compensation, and the defendants also agreed to issue RFPs for recordkeeping and administrative fees."], ["20250826", "DexCom, Inc. (NASDAQ:DXCM) announced its management will present at two upcoming investor conferences: the 2025 Wells Fargo Healthcare Conference on September 3, 2025, and the Baird 2025 Global Healthcare Conference on September 10, 2025. Webcasts of these presentations will be available on the Dexcom Investor Relations website. The company also highlighted its biosensing technology for health management and provided investor contact information."], ["20250826", "Dominari Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: DOMH) announced the formation of a new Crypto Advisory Board to guide its expansion into the digital asset sector. The board will support the company's efforts to acquire and partner with firms in the crypto space, aligning with its mission to bridge traditional finance and blockchain innovation. Inaugural members include seasoned fintech executive Sonny Singh and blockchain innovator Tristan Chaudhry."], ["20250826", "Johnson Fistel, PLLP is investigating potential legal claims on behalf of Doximity, Inc. (NYSE: DOCS) shareholders who held stock before June 24, 2021. This investigation follows a court ruling that found sufficient allegations of misconduct by Doximity's officers and directors, including misrepresentation of user numbers and engagement. Investors are encouraged to contact Johnson Fistel for more information on their rights and to participate in holding the company's leadership accountable."], ["20250826", "Critical Metals Corp (CRML) has signed a letter of intent for a 10-year off-take agreement with Ucore Rare Metals Inc. Ucore will use critical metals concentrating from Tanbreez as feedstock for its US Department of Defense-funded rare earth processing facility in Louisiana, and its facility in Kingston, Ontario. This partnership aims to reduce reliance on China for rare earthen materials and strengthen the Western supply chain for critical metals."], ["20250826", "Stone Ridge Energy has acquired a portfolio of upstream assets in Oklahoma's Anadarko Basin from ConocoPhillips for $1.3 billion, expanding its presence in North American shale. This strategic move allows ConocoPhillips to optimize its capital deployment by divesting non-core assets following its $22.5 billion Marathon Oil acquisition. Stone Ridge, through its affiliate Flywheel Energy and technology partner NYDIG, plans to integrate advanced solutions like digital flare mitigation to increase efficiency and support high-demand, data-centric markets."], ["20250826", "Envoy Medical Inc. announced it has extinguished over $32 million in outstanding debt owed to GAT Funding, LLC, owned by Glen A. Taylor, in exchange for $100,000 in cash. This move significantly strengthens the company's balance sheet, allowing it to focus capital on the development of its Acclaim\u00ae cochlear implant. Concurrently, Glen A. Taylor, who helped fund the company for two decades, announced his retirement from the Envoy Medical board."], ["20250826", "The merger between Capital One and Discover Financial led to a 1% decrease in bank profits in the second quarter, according to data from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. This $35 billion deal caused a significant increase in provision expenses, impacting overall bank profitability. Despite this, Capital One's CEO stated that the integration with Discover is progressing well, aiming to build an integrated banking and global payments platform."], ["20250826", "Bitwise has filed with the SEC for a Chainlink ETF which would directly hold LINK tokens, utilizing Coinbase Custody as its custodian. The ETF proposes an \"in-kind\" creation and redemption mechanism, allowing investors to trade LINK tokens directly for ETF shares. This filing follows Bitwise's recent applications for ETFs tracking Solana, XRP, Dogecoin, and Aptos, and comes amidst a broader crypto market downturn."], ["20250826", "Bitwise Asset Management has filed an S-1 with the SEC for a new exchange-traded product, the Bitwise Chainlink ETF, which would directly track the price of Chainlink (LINK). If approved, this would be the first US ETF focused on an oracle network's native token and would hold LINK in custody with Coinbase Custody Trust Company. Chainlink, currently the 13th largest crypto asset, provides decentralized oracle services connecting blockchains to real-world data, supporting various functionalities in DeFi, NFTs, and gaming."], ["20250826", "Bitwise Asset Management has filed an S-1 registration statement with the SEC to launch a spot exchange-traded fund (ETF) for Chainlink's LINK token. This move aims to provide direct exposure to the blockchain oracle network's native asset for the first time in the U.S. The filing comes as LINK has seen significant price growth and increased market activity following new integrations and transparency initiatives."], ["20250826", "Trump Media, Yorkville Acquisition Corp., and Crypto.com have announced the formation of Trump Media Group CRO Strategy, Inc., a new public company focused on accumulating Cronos (CRO) tokens. The venture plans to seed its treasury with $1 billion in CRO tokens, along with additional cash and an equity line of credit. This initiative aims to become the largest CRO-focused treasury vehicle and a significant player in the CRO economy."], ["20250826", "The Chemours Company has released its 2024 Sustainability Report, \"Trusted Chemistry,\" highlighting significant advancements towards its Corporate Responsibility Commitment (CRC) goals. The report details a 76% reduction in fluorinated organic chemical emissions and a 52% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions, alongside achieving its Sustainable Offerings goal six years early. CEO Denise Dignam emphasized the company's dedication to responsible manufacturing, environmental stewardship, and community impact."], ["20250826", "Blackstone Inc. is rumored to be exploring a takeover of ATG Entertainment, a significant player in live theater, following its acquisition of a minority stake last year. This potential transaction, driven by Providence Equity Partners' desire to sell and Blackstone's focus on \"experiences,\" would be one of the priciest in commercial theater history. The deal comes as Broadway faces financial challenges, yet ATG's diverse venue network and strong profits make it an attractive target for investors seeking exposure to the entertainment industry."], ["20250826", "Bitcoin Depot (NASDAQ: BTM) has appointed Alex Holmes, a seasoned fintech executive and former MoneyGram Chairman and CEO, to its Board of Directors and Audit Committee. Holmes brings over 25 years of experience in payments, compliance, and blockchain innovation. His appointment is expected to provide strategic guidance as Bitcoin Depot continues to expand its footprint and enhance its compliance standards within the rapidly evolving crypto industry."], ["20250826", "Braemar Hotels & Resorts Inc. (NYSE: BHR) has announced the appointment of Bob Ghassemieh to its Board of Directors, stemming from a cooperation agreement between the company and the Ghassemieh Group, which beneficially owns approximately 7.3% of Braemar's common stock. This appointment is expected to support the best interests of Braemar and its stakeholders. Additional details about the agreement, which includes certain standstill and voting provisions, will be filed in a Form 8-K with the SEC."], ["20250826", "Ellsworth Growth and Income Fund Ltd. (NYSE American: ECF) announced a 20% increase in its annual distribution, raising it to $0.76 from $0.64 per share, with quarterly distributions set at $0.19. This decision reflects the Fund's strong 18% year-to-date NAV total return. The Fund, managed by Gabelli Funds, LLC, invests primarily in convertible securities and common stock with objectives of income and capital appreciation."], ["20250826", "Amylyx Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ: AMLX) announced its participation in five major investor conferences in September 2025, including events hosted by Citi, Cantor, Morgan Stanley, Baird, and H.C. Wainwright. Management will hold fireside chats and a corporate presentation, with webcasts available on the company's investor website. These appearances highlight Amylyx's focus on neurodegenerative and endocrine diseases with unmet needs."], ["20250826", "Assurant has partnered with Arcadium Technologies to streamline the sale of heavy truck extended service contracts to commercial truck dealers. This collaboration integrates Assurant's products into Arcadium's sales management tools, eliminating duplicate data entry, accelerating the sales process, and reducing errors. The goal is to enhance customer experience, boost attachment rates for dealers, and improve transaction efficiency."], ["20250826", "Acadia Pharmaceuticals has appointed Konstantina Katcheves as Senior Vice President, Chief Business and Strategy Officer. Katcheves will lead the company's business development and corporate strategy, bringing over two decades of experience from Teva Pharmaceuticals and Bristol Myers Squibb. Her expertise in M&A and strategic partnerships is expected to drive Acadia's innovation and expansion in neurological and rare diseases."], ["20250826", "This article calculates the intrinsic value of Lennox International Inc. (NYSE:LII) using a two-stage Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) model. The analysis suggests a fair value of US$537, indicating the current share price of US$571 is close to this estimate, though 19% lower than the analyst target of US$661. The DCF model projects future cash flows, discounts them to present value, and uses a terminal value calculation, with assumptions about growth rates and a cost of equity of 8.2%."], ["20250826", "Evoke Pharma and EVERSANA are expanding access to GIMOTI, an FDA-approved nasal spray for diabetic gastroparesis, through new partnerships. They have added Omnicell to their specialty pharmacy network, aiming to almost double GIMOTI's reach into large gastroenterology organizations such as Gastro Health. Additionally, Evoke Pharma secured access to OneGI through an agreement with Brentwood Pharmacy, further broadening delivery and insurance plan access for patients."], ["20250826", "Forian Inc. has received a non-binding proposal from a group led by CEO Max Wygod to take the company private at $2.10 per share. A Special Committee of independent directors will evaluate the offer, which is supported by shareholders owning approximately 63% of Forian\u2019s common stock. The proposal aims to reduce public company compliance burdens and offer liquidity to shareholders, with analysts currently rating FORA as a Hold with a $2.00 price target."], ["20250826", "Eshallgo Inc. and Photonetco Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. have formed a strategic partnership to enhance China's domestic office equipment market. This collaboration involves Eshallgo receiving national distribution rights for over ten exclusive product lines from Photonetco, focusing on domestically manufactured printers and copiers, many of which are included in government procurement. The initiative is set to significantly drive Eshallgo's revenue growth and reinforce its position in China's digital-first enterprise solutions sector, especially following its expansion into enterprise AI solutions in 2025."], ["20250826", "Expion360 Inc. has reduced the exercise prices of its Series A and January Warrants to $1.31 per share, raising approximately $5.65 million in net cash proceeds. This strategic move, which resulted in the issuance of nearly 4.9 million common shares, aims to address the company's negative free cash flow and regain compliance with Nasdaq's minimum stockholders' equity requirement. The company reported a significant increase in cash and total assets, along with a decrease in liabilities, as it awaits Nasdaq's confirmation of its compliance."], ["20250826", "Prospect Capital (PSEC) reported fiscal Q4 net investment income per share that declined less than anticipated compared to the previous quarter and year. Shares saw a 2.1% gain in after-hours trading following the announcement. The business development company's origination volume for the quarter increased significantly."], ["20250826", "CSLM Digital Asset Acquisition Corp. III (NASDAQ:KOYNU) has priced its $200 million IPO, with units expected to trade on Nasdaq starting August 27, 2025. The SPAC aims to merge with a company providing core infrastructure to digital asset exchanges, ideally in emerging or frontier markets. The offering, led by Cohen & Company Capital Markets, is anticipated to close on August 28, 2025."], ["20250826", "Embecta Corp. announced it will participate in two upcoming investor events: the 2025 Wells Fargo Healthcare Conference and the 2025 Morgan Stanley 23rd Annual Global Healthcare Conference. Management will host fireside sessions and one-on-one meetings with investors at both events in early September 2025. This participation is part of embecta's ongoing engagement with the investment community."], ["20250826", "Hagens Berman has initiated an investigation into The J.M. Smucker Company (SJM) following significant stock declines after the announcement of substantial impairment charges related to the Hostess Brands acquisition. Investors saw share prices drop over 15% after disappointing Q4 2025 financial results, including a second major impairment charge on the Hostess acquisition goodwill and trademark. The firm is investigating whether SJM misrepresented the benefits of the acquisition and potentially slow-rolled disclosure of financial issues, encouraging affected investors to contact them."], ["20250826", "Otis Worldwide announced that director Shailesh Jejurikar will resign from its Board of Directors effective September 9, 2025. Following his departure, the board will reduce its size from eleven to ten directors, and Kathy Hopinkah Hannan will replace him as Chair of the Compensation Committee. The company also reported mixed Q2 2025 financial results and secured a significant contract with Singapore's Land Transport Authority."], ["20250826", "Erie Indemnity Co. Cl A stock (ERIE) declined by 3.64% on Tuesday, closing at $350.10. This underperformance occurred despite a positive trading session for the broader market, with the S&P 500 Index (SPX) and Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) both showing gains. This marks the stock's second consecutive day of losses."], ["20250826", "Yatra Online, Inc. announced it has regained compliance with NASDAQ's minimum bid price requirement. The company successfully maintained a closing bid price of $1.00 per share or greater for 11 consecutive business days, from August 11, 2025, through August 25, 2025. This resolution closes the matter for NASDAQ regarding Listing Rule 5550(a)(2)."], ["20250826", "Hagens Berman has initiated an investigation into KBR, Inc. (KBR) following a significant decline in its stock price. This comes after the Department of Defense U.S. Transportation Command (TRANSCOM) terminated a global household goods contract awarded to HomeSafe Alliance LLC, a KBR-led joint venture. The firm is investigating whether KBR misled investors by making positive statements about the contract's status despite underlying operational issues."], ["20250826", "HDFC Bank's shares saw a 62% technical price adjustment after trading ex-bonus on Tuesday, following a 1:1 bonus share distribution. This adjustment is due to an increased share count, not a decrease in the bank's fundamental value, as market capitalization and shareholder value remained constant. The bonus issue aims to enhance liquidity and boost retail investor participation, with the record date for eligibility being August 26, 2025."], ["20250826", "Protagonist Therapeutics announced that its President and CEO, Dinesh V. Patel, Ph.D., will participate in multiple investment bank conferences in September 2025. These include Citi's 2025 Biopharma Back to School Summit, H.C. Wainwright's 27th Annual Global Investment Conference, and BofA's 11th Annual World Medical Innovation Forum. The company will present on its pipeline, including icotrokinra and rusfertide, which are in advanced Phase 3 clinical development."], ["20250826", "3D Systems (NYSE: DDD) has been awarded a $7.65 million contract by the U.S. Air Force for a Large-format Metal 3D Printer Advanced Technology Demonstrator. This two-year contract extends an existing program aimed at developing large-scale industrial metal additive manufacturing capabilities for high-speed flight applications. The work will advance the 3D printing of large, high-temperature metal structures and is expected to be completed by September 27, 2027."], ["20250826", "Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. (CPS) will present at the 2025 Annual Gateway Conference on September 3rd at 1:30 p.m. PT in San Francisco. The presentation will be webcast live, and CPS executives will be available for one-on-one meetings. The conference aims to connect growth-stage companies with investors, analysts, and partners."], ["20250826", "Runway Growth Capital and PitchBook have released their 2024-2025 Venture Debt Review, highlighting a shift in perception where venture debt is now seen as a strategic tool for growth rather than a last resort \"rescue financing.\" The report, based on PitchBook data and a survey of founders, investors, and lenders, indicates that late-stage lending is increasing and founders prioritize flexibility and control in deal structures over low interest rates. This reflects a more disciplined use of debt to extend runway and preserve equity in a concentrated venture debt market."], ["20250826", "Calamos has launched a new Autocallable ETF, with Matt Kaufman, head of ETFs at Calamos, discussing the product and the ongoing attraction of derivative income ETFs with InvestmentNews. The article focuses on the introduction of this new financial product."], ["20250826", "HEICO Corporation's stock has risen by 8.93% following strategic business developments and increased investor confidence. Key drivers include Jefferies raising its price target, strong demand in the aerospace and defense sector, and strategic acquisitions like Gables Engineering. The article details HEICO's robust financial performance with strong revenues and net income, while also noting a high P/E ratio that suggests potential overvaluation amidst sustainable growth expectations."], ["20250826", "Gaxos.ai (NASDAQ: GXAI), an AI company previously known for its work in gaming and health, has launched Art-Gen.AI, a new generative content creation platform. This expands its \"triple threat\" strategy into a market projected for significant growth by bundling best-in-class AI tools with proprietary enhancements. The company, with a small team and market cap, shows early traction with its RNK Health brand and aims for high-margin subscription revenue with Art-Gen.AI, positioning itself as an agile, high-upside investment in the AI sector."], ["20250826", "Allegiant Air has announced a multi-year agreement with Notre Dame Global Partnerships, making it \"The Official Airline Partner of Notre Dame Athletics.\" This partnership expands Allegiant's commitment to the South Bend community, where it has operated since 2005, and aims to provide affordable travel for fans, students, and athletic teams. The airline will be a Championship Partner, offering fan engagement initiatives and connecting travelers to Notre Dame sporting events."], ["20250826", "This SEC filing details a Form S-1 registration statement for commercial Bancgroup, Inc. The filing, dated August 26, 2025, includes various documents such as a merger agreement, charter, incentive plan, and loan agreement. It also provides company contact information and details about their business operations."], ["20250826", "The Portnoy Law Firm is advising Petco Health and Wellness Company, Inc. (NASDAQ: WOOF) investors of a class action lawsuit for those who purchased securities between January 14, 2021, and June 5, 2025. Investors have until August 29, 2025, to file a lead plaintiff motion. The complaint alleges that Petco made materially false and misleading statements regarding pandemic-driven growth, the viability of its pet food business, and its capacity for profitable growth while minimizing operational challenges."], ["20250826", "Moody\u2019s Ratings upgraded Newmont Corporation's senior unsecured ratings to A3 from Baa1, with a stable outlook, citing significant improvements in credit profile, strong credit metrics, and conservative financial policies. Newmont's debt reduction efforts, aided by asset divestitures and operating cash flow, led to a decline in leverage and an increase in EBIT margin. The company's new dividend policy and expanded share repurchase program further support the stable outlook, with Moody's forecasting continued strong performance assuming a gold price of $2,900 per ounce."], ["20250826", "Liquidity Services (NASDAQ:LQDT) announced that its Co-Founder, Chairman, and CEO, Bill Angrick, will present at the 16th Annual Midwest IDEAS Conference on August 27, 2025, in Chicago, IL. The conference facilitates one-on-one meetings for leaders to discuss emerging trends. Liquidity Services operates a large B2B e-commerce marketplace for surplus assets, aiding clients in sustainability by extending asset life and reducing waste."], ["20250826", "Swedish fintech company Klarna is set to restart its plans for a U.S. IPO next month, aiming for a valuation of $13 billion to $14 billion. This valuation is significantly lower than the nearly $50 billion it targeted in 2021 and over $15 billion earlier this year. Klarna, which temporarily paused its IPO plans due to market volatility, intends to raise close to $1 billion from the offering."], ["20250826", "The Gross Law Firm is urging shareholders of Unicycive Therapeutics, Inc. (UNCY) who suffered losses between March 29, 2024, and June 27, 2025, to join a class-action lawsuit. The lawsuit alleges that the company made false or misleading statements regarding its manufacturing capabilities and regulatory prospects for oxylanthanum carbonate. Shareholders have until October 14, 2025, to register and seek lead plaintiff appointment."], ["20250826", "The YieldMax MSTR Option Income Strategy ETF (MSTY) offers a tantalizing 90% annualized distribution rate and monthly payouts by using covered call options on Microstrategy (MSTR) stock, which holds significant Bitcoin. However, this high yield comes with substantial risks, including potential reductions in the distribution rate, erosion of the share price due to operating expenses, and limited upside even if Bitcoin and Microstrategy perform well. Investors are advised to consider MSTY only with a small, carefully monitored position due to its inherent volatility and share price decline risk, despite its appealing yield."], ["20250826", "Savara Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, announced its participation in two upcoming investor healthcare conferences: the Wells Fargo Securities Healthcare Conference and the H.C. Wainwright Global Healthcare Conference. Management will host 1x1 meetings and present at these events in September 2025. Webcasts of the presentations will be available on the company's website."], ["20250826", "Hartford Insurance Group (HIG) recently appointed Vlad Stojanovic as head of Enterprise Strategy, coinciding with a 7.52% increase in its share price. This move is expected to enhance the company's trend analysis, competitive intelligence, and digital capabilities, supporting its long-term vision. HIG has demonstrated strong historical performance, outperforming the broader US market and the US Insurance industry over the past year."], ["20250826", "Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLP is notifying investors about a securities class action lawsuit against C3.ai, Inc. (NYSE: AI). The lawsuit alleges that C3.ai and its executives misled investors regarding the CEO's health issues, which significantly hindered the company's ability to close deals and deliver on profit and growth potential. Investors who suffered losses have until October 21, 2025, to seek appointment as lead plaintiff."], ["20250826", "Broadcom Inc. announced a partnership with NVIDIA to integrate advanced AI technology, including NVIDIA Blackwell GPU architecture and high-speed networking, into VMware Cloud Foundation (VCF). This collaboration aims to empower enterprises and cloud providers to scale AI model development in private clouds while preserving VCF's operational reliability. Key benefits include support for latest GPUs and networking, enabling efficient processing of generative and physical AI applications, all while maintaining core VCF functionalities such as vMotion and High Availability."], ["20250826", "Kirby McInerney LLP has filed a class action lawsuit against PubMatic, Inc. on behalf of investors who acquired securities between February 27, 2025, and August 11, 2025. The lawsuit alleges that PubMatic failed to disclose a significant reduction in ad spend and revenue from a top DSP buyer which shifted clients to a new platform. This news led to a substantial decline in PubMatic's share price, and investors who suffered losses are encouraged to contact the firm by October 20, 2025, to request lead plaintiff appointment."], ["20250826", "Asset manager Bitwise has filed an application with the SEC to launch the first US spot Chainlink ETF, aiming to provide direct exposure to the digital asset. The proposed fund would hold Chainlink (LINK) tokens directly and is designed to passively track the value of LINK, offering a regulated investment vehicle for institutional demand. Its approval could broaden investor access beyond existing Bitcoin and Ethereum ETFs, highlighting the growing significance of foundational DeFi assets."], ["20250826", "The Gross Law Firm has issued a notice to shareholders of Charter Communications, Inc. (CHTR) regarding a pending class action lawsuit. This lawsuit is on behalf of individuals who purchased CHTR securities, call options, or sold put options between July 26, 2024, and July 24, 2025. The firm alleges that Charter Communications made materially false or misleading statements regarding the impact of the Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) end on its internet customer declines and revenue."], ["20250826", "Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP is advising American Securities and its portfolio company Meridian Adhesives Group on the sale of Meridian\u2019s U.S.-based flooring adhesives business to Avery Dennison Corporation for $390 million. This acquisition will integrate Meridian's flooring adhesives business, including brands like Taylor Adhesives, Polycom, and Frontier Products, into Avery Dennison Materials Group. The transaction highlights Weil's expertise in significant M&A deals and private equity."], ["20250826", "Bancroft Fund Ltd. announced a 10% increase in its annual distribution, raising it from $1.28 to $1.40 per share, with quarterly distributions set at $0.35 per share starting December 2025. This increase is attributed to the Fund's strong NAV total return of 20% year-to-date. Bancroft Fund Ltd., a diversified closed-end management investment company, focuses on convertible securities for income and capital appreciation."], ["20250826", "Stibbe is advising Keurig Dr Pepper on its contemplated public offer of \u20ac15.7 billion for JDE Peet\u2019s N.V. This transaction aims to establish a global coffee powerhouse by combining Keurig Dr Pepper\u2019s North American single-serve coffee platform with JDE Peet\u2019s worldwide portfolio of coffee brands. The deal brings together complementary strengths to create a significant player in the global coffee market."], ["20250826", "Canary Capital Group LLC has filed for SEC approval to list and trade an ETF that tracks the price of a memecoin linked to Donald Trump. This initiative follows similar filings from other firms and occurs amidst a more favorable regulatory environment for crypto ETFs, with the SEC recently stating that memecoins are not securities. The proposed ETF aims to offer investors access to the $TRUMP market through traditional brokerage accounts."], ["20250826", "Prospect Capital Corporation has released its annual Form 10-K report, detailing its financial performance, business operations, and strategic initiatives. The report highlights a decrease in investment income and net investment income, along with significant net realized and unrealized losses from investments. The company's strategy focuses on direct origination of investments in U.S. middle-market companies and active capital management, while also addressing challenges like market volatility, operational risks, and regulatory changes."], ["20250826", "Scotiabank exceeded analyst expectations for its third-quarter 2025 financial results, reporting adjusted earnings of C$1.88 per share against an estimated C$1.73. The beat was primarily driven by the bank setting aside less money for loan-loss provisions than anticipated, allocating C$1.04 billion versus an expected C$1.19 billion. The Canadian bank also saw its revenue climb to C$9.49 billion, leading to a 5.4% increase in its Toronto-listed shares and a 5.6% rise in its US-listed stock."], ["20250826", "Inno Holdings Inc. (INHD) stock experienced a significant -33.1% downturn despite recent positive earnings projections, promising sales figures, and a new innovation in the technology sector. The article examines INHD's financial snapshot, highlighting increased revenue but also a substantial net loss, and discusses the market's fluctuating response to the company's recent developments and strategic initiatives. It concludes with a cautious outlook on INHD's long-term sustainability, emphasizing the need for consistent profitability."], ["20250826", "The market is experiencing a rotation from tech to defensive sectors, with healthcare leading gains. The iShares U.S. Healthcare ETF (IYH) offers broad exposure to previously beaten-down healthcare stocks like UnitedHealth Group, Eli Lilly, Johnson & Johnson, and AbbVie, which are now showing promise. This ETF provides exposure to a less volatile, Buffett-backed sector with significant upside potential."], ["20250826", "Trump Media & Technology Group announced a strategic partnership with Crypto.com through a $155 million deal. Trump Media will integrate Crypto.com's wallet system for an in-app rewards program, allowing users to exchange \"gems\" for Cronos (CRO) tokens and use them for subscriptions. The agreement also involves Trump Media purchasing $105 million in CRO and Crypto.com investing $50 million in Trump Media common stock, with both subject to lock-up periods."], ["20250826", "MGM Resorts International will participate in the BofA Securities 2025 Gaming and Lodging Conference on Thursday, September 4, 2025, with management scheduled to speak at 10:40 a.m. ET. A live webcast of the session will be available on the MGM Investor Relations website. The article also provides an overview of MGM Resorts International's global gaming and entertainment operations."], ["20250826", "Innoviva, Inc. (NASDAQ: INVA) announced its management will participate in four investor conferences in September 2025. These include Citi's Biopharma Back to School Conference, Wells Fargo Healthcare Conference, Cantor Global Healthcare Conference, and H.C. Wainwright 27th Annual Global Investment Conference. Live webcasts and archived replays will be available on Innoviva's investor relations website."], ["20250826", "A class-action lawsuit has been filed against Nutex Health, Inc. (NASDAQ: NUTX), alleging a fraudulent scheme with a third-party billing firm, HaloMD, to inflate revenues through ineligible claims. The suit, which follows a short-seller report by Blue Orca Capital, claims Nutex overstated financial reporting progress and improperly accounted for stock-based compensation, leading to significant investor losses. Hagens Berman is investigating these allegations and seeking to recover damages for affected investors."], ["20250826", "CI&T, a global technology transformation specialist, has been selected as one of 19 global partners for the exclusive AWS Generative AI Partner Innovation Alliance, making it the first Brazilian organization to join this elite group. This strategic partnership grants CI&T privileged access to advanced GenAI training, global business opportunities through AWS solutions like Amazon Bedrock and Nova, and direct collaboration with AWS leadership. The alliance reinforces CI&T's position in AI-driven transformation, emphasizing secure, scalable, and impactful generative AI solutions globally."], ["20250826", "SBA Communications Corporation (NASDAQ: SBAC) announced that its President and CEO, Brendan Cavanagh, is scheduled to speak at the Goldman Sachs 2025 Communacopia + Technology Conference on September 9, 2025, in San Francisco. The company is a leading independent owner and operator of wireless communications infrastructure with over 44,000 sites. An audio presentation of the event will be accessible via their website."], ["20250826", "LKQ Corp announced its plan to sell its Self Service segment to an affiliate of Pacific Avenue Capital Partners for $410 million. The company intends to use the net proceeds from this sale to reduce debt and strengthen its balance sheet. This move is part of LKQ's broader strategy to streamline its portfolio and focus on its core, high-performing segments."], ["20250826", "Robbins LLP is reminding investors who purchased shares of Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: SPPI) between March 17, 2022, and September 22, 2022, about the reopening of the Lead Plaintiff appointment process in a securities class action. The lawsuit alleges that Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc. made misleading statements regarding its Pinnacle Study for a lung cancer drug. Shareholders interested in acting as lead plaintiff must file their papers by September 24, 2025."], ["20250826", "OppFi Inc. announced a $20 million increase to its existing share repurchase program, bringing the total authorization to $40 million. This decision follows the company's strong stock performance, with a 116.53% return over the past year, and is driven by the belief that its stock is trading at a significant discount to its intrinsic value. The tech-enabled digital finance platform has already repurchased 1.4 million shares for approximately $7.6 million and recently reported surpassing earnings expectations in Q2 2025."], ["20250826", "Greenwave Technology Solutions, Inc. (GWAV) has received an additional delinquency notice from Nasdaq for failing to file its Q2 2025 Form 10-Q on time, violating Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1). This follows a previous notice for a Q1 2025 filing delay. The company plans to update Nasdaq on its compliance strategy by September 8, 2025, while its shares continue to trade under \"GWAV\" without immediate delisting, as it works to complete the delayed reports and expand operations."], ["20250826", "The Joshua Thomas Jones Trust has filed a Form 3, disclosing initial ownership in Goosehead Insurance, Inc. (GSHD). The trust holds 9,787 shares of Class B common stock and 9,787 LLC units, each convertible into one share of Class A common stock. This filing indicates potential inclusion in a group that collectively owns over 10% of Class A voting power through a Voting Agreement."], ["20250826", "GAMCO Natural Resources, Gold & Income Trust (NYSE: GNT) announced a 25% increase in its monthly cash distribution, raising it to $0.05 per share from $0.04, effective October 2025. This decision reflects the Fund's strong performance, with a 28% year-to-date NAV total return. The Fund's primary objective is high current income through investments in gold and natural resources companies and covered call options."], ["20250826", "BJ's Wholesale Club Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: BJ) reported strong Q2 2025 earnings, beating expectations with an EPS of $1.14. The company achieved comparable club sales growth of 2.3% (excluding gas), marked its 14th consecutive quarter of traffic growth, and reached the 8 million member milestone. Executives discussed navigating a dynamic economic environment, sustained digital growth, and strategic future expansion plans including 25-30 new clubs in two years."], ["20250826", "LKQ Corporation announced a definitive agreement to sell its Self Service segment (\"Pick Your Part\") to an affiliate of Pacific Avenue Capital Partners, LLC for an enterprise value of $410 million. This sale aligns with LKQ's strategic plan to simplify its corporate structure and focus on core segments. The net proceeds from the sale will be used to strengthen LKQ\u2019s balance sheet through debt repayment, with the transaction expected to close in Q4 2025."], ["20250826", "A Vertex study reveals that 85% of consumers now begin summer shopping in late winter, creating new peak seasons for retailers. This shift, driven by factors like avoiding price increases, necessitates smarter automated tax technology for retailers to manage product complexity and ensure compliance across various shopping channels and seasonal promotions. The study also highlights consumer preference for a blended in-store and online shopping experience and strong participation in holiday weekend sales."], ["20250826", "LKQ Corporation has announced the sale of its Self Service segment (\"Pick Your Part\") to Pacific Avenue Capital Partners, LLC for $410 million. This divestiture is part of LKQ's strategic transformation to simplify its portfolio and focus on core segments. The net proceeds from the sale are intended to strengthen LKQ's balance sheet through debt reduction."], ["20250826", "Curanex Pharmaceuticals Inc. (CURX) has priced its initial public offering at $4.00 per share, offering 3.75 million shares and raising $15 million. The company, focused on botanical drugs for inflammatory diseases, will use the proceeds to develop its lead product candidate, Phyto-N, for ulcerative colitis treatment. Shares began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on August 26, 2025."], ["20250826", "Citi Trends (NASDAQ:CTRN) reported a strong fiscal second quarter for 2025, with comparable store sales increasing by 9.2% and revenue reaching $190.8 million, an 8.0% year-over-year increase. The company also achieved a significant improvement in gross margin rate, reaching 40.0%, and raised its full-year guidance for sales growth and profitability. While operational progress is evident, the business continues to work towards consistent quarterly profitability without reliance on special items, despite a reduced adjusted net loss compared to the previous year."], ["20250826", "Immuneering (Nasdaq: IMRX) has successfully closed a $25 million private placement with institutional and accredited investors, selling 6,329,113 unregistered shares at $3.95 each and warrants to purchase 2,848,096 additional shares at $5.50 each. The warrants are exercisable for five years post-registration. Leerink Partners advised on the transaction, which caused a 12.33% decline in IMRX shares on the news, reflecting a $31M reduction in the company's valuation at that time."], ["20250826", "The Trump administration is considering taking stakes in domestic defence contractors such as Lockheed Martin, as confirmed by US Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick. This potential move is part of a broader push by Trump to increase US investments in key industries, following recent similar actions with Intel, US Steel, MP Materials, Nvidia, and AMD. Critics argue this could prioritize financial success over strategic considerations and blur the lines between government and regulated companies, while supporters like Senator Bernie Sanders believe taxpayers deserve a return on federal investments in profitable companies."], ["20250826", "Climb Channel Solutions has partnered with Coro to expand its cybersecurity offerings, providing comprehensive solutions to a broader market, especially targeting SMBs and distributed enterprises facing evolving cyber threats. This collaboration leverages Coro's unified cybersecurity platform to empower partners with streamlined, scalable security against various attacks. Both companies aim to strengthen their positions in the technology distribution and cybersecurity sectors, facilitating easier cybersecurity delivery and management for partners."], ["20250826", "Golden Heaven Group Holdings Ltd. announced a 15-for-1 share consolidation approved by its board of directors, effective August 28, 2025. This action aims to regain compliance with Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5550(a)(2) and maintain its Nasdaq listing. The consolidation will change the company's authorized and outstanding share capital, with Class A ordinary shares trading on a split-adjusted basis under a new CUSIP number."], ["20250826", "Girard Sharp LLP is investigating potential securities claims on behalf of former or current 3M Company (NYSE:MMM) investors who received Neogen Corporation (NASDAQ:NEOG) shares as part of Neogen\u2019s acquisition of 3M\u2019s Food Safety Business in September 2022. The investigation focuses on alleged misrepresentations and omissions in the Merger's offering materials, especially given Neogen's significant net losses, goodwill impairment, and a 75% decline in share price since the merger. Investors are encouraged to contact the firm for a free consultation."], ["20250826", "Deswell Industries' share price recently surged 25%, contributing to a 57% gain over the last year. Despite a low P/E ratio of 5.5x, significantly below the market average, the company's P/E multiple is likely depressed by analysts expecting its recent strong earnings growth to degrade. Investors are seemingly anticipating limited future growth rates, which is reflected in the stock's current valuation."], ["20250826", "The URA ETF offers a way for investors to gain exposure to the uranium industry and the broader nuclear energy sector, which is experiencing a comeback as countries seek carbon-free energy sources. While it presents significant growth opportunities due to a potential surge in uranium demand and technological advancements, investors should be aware of its high volatility and sector-specific risks. URA is best suited for long-term, risk-tolerant investors who believe in the nuclear energy story."], ["20250826", "Greif, Inc. has announced quarterly cash dividends of $0.56 per share on its Class A Common Stock and $0.84 per share on its Class B Common Stock. These dividends demonstrate the company's commitment to its disciplined capital allocation framework and are payable on October 1, 2025, to stockholders of record as of September 16, 2025. This move aligns with their strategy to create shareholder value, especially following anticipated proceeds from divestments."], ["20250826", "Think Investments, a significant shareholder in TaskUs holding approximately 23% of minority shares, has issued a presentation opposing the proposed take-private transaction by Blackstone and TaskUs\u2019 founders. Think believes the $16.50 per share offer significantly undervalues the company, suggesting a fair value of $25.00 per share based on comparable transactions, public peers, and recent operating outperformance. The firm also highlights perceived flaws in the sale process and the strong potential for TaskUs in AI services, which minority shareholders would be prevented from realizing under the current offer."], ["20250826", "Mastercard possesses a wide economic moat and benefits from the ongoing global shift towards electronic payments, making its position in the financial infrastructure \"unassailable.\" The company acts as a \"tollbooth business,\" profiting regardless of the payment method, and sees further growth opportunities in emerging markets as developed markets mature. Morningstar views Mastercard's growth as strong due to stable consumer spending."], ["20250826", "MannKind Corporation is set to acquire scPharmaceuticals Inc. for up to $360 million, significantly expanding its presence in cardiometabolic and orphan lung diseases with the addition of FDA-approved Furoscix. This acquisition, supported by a $500 million strategic financing agreement with Blackstone, aims to accelerate MannKind's revenue growth and diversify its product offerings. The deal is expected to close in Q4 2025, positioning MannKind for continued double-digit growth."], ["20250826", "Activist investor Trevor Montano is urging Angel Oak Financial Strategies Income Term Trust (FINS) shareholders to vote against a new investment advisory agreement due to the fund's poor performance, including a 35% share price decline since 2019 and persistent trading at a discount to NAV. Montano highlights that Angel Oak has received more in advisory fees than the fund has generated in net income and raises significant governance concerns regarding unelected trustees. He advocates for accountability and a competitive selection process for the investment adviser."], ["20250826", "Electromed, Inc. has released its annual Form 10-K report, revealing a robust financial performance with a 17.0% increase in total revenue to $64 million and a 46.3% increase in net income to $7.537 million for fiscal 2025. The company, known for its SmartVest\u00ae Airway Clearance System, outlines strategic initiatives for growth, including sales force expansion and increasing brand awareness, while also addressing challenges such as market competition, healthcare reimbursement complexities, and macroeconomic conditions. The report details the company's financial highlights, business operations, and future outlook, emphasizing its direct-to-patient model and efforts to mitigate risks."], ["20250826", "Interactive Brokers Group Inc. is set to join the S&P 500 index, replacing Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc. This change will be effective before the market opens on August 28. Joining the S&P 500 is expected to increase Interactive Brokers' profile and demand for its shares among passive investment funds."], ["20250826", "British American Tobacco (BAT), known for brands like Lucky Strike and Dunhill, announced the immediate departure of its CFO, Soraya Benchikh, with Javed Iqbal stepping in as interim CFO. This development comes as BAT focuses on expanding its smoke-free product portfolio, having reported strong first-half profits and growth in its U.S. business. Retail sentiment for BAT's ADRs remains bullish, with shares more than doubling since early 2024 and hitting a new record high."], ["20250826", "Shelton Capital Management is launching the Shelton Equity Premium Income ETF (SEPI) on September 8th, entering the growing options-income ETF market. Unlike many competitors, SEPI will use an active strategy of selling covered calls on individual big-cap stocks to balance income generation and upside potential. This new ETF aims to attract income investors with its blend of option premiums and dividend distributions, capitalizing on the increasing popularity of actively managed derivative-income strategies."], ["20250826", "HUTCHMED (China) Limited has appointed Johnny Cheng, the current Chief Financial Officer, as Acting Chief Executive Officer due to CEO Dr. Weiguo Su taking a leave of absence for health reasons. Cheng will continue his CFO responsibilities while leading the company. The board expressed full confidence in Cheng's ability to maintain the company's research, development, and commercial initiatives."], ["20250826", "Flowco Holdings Inc. (NYSE: FLOC) announced its participation in the Barclays 2025 CEO Energy-Power Conference in New York City on September 3, 2025. The company's management team is scheduled to present at 4:10 p.m. Eastern Time, with a live webcast and slides available on their investor relations website. Flowco is a key provider of production optimization, artificial lift, and methane abatement solutions for the oil and natural gas industry."], ["20250826", "Birks Group Inc. announced significant leadership changes, with President and CEO Jean-Christophe B\u00e9dos stepping down effective August 29, 2025, though he will remain in an advisory capacity. Niccol\u00f2 Rossi di Montelera has been appointed Interim CEO, and Davide Barberis Canonico appointed Interim President and Chief Operating Officer. These changes are part of a strategic repositioning for stability and long-term growth for the luxury jewelry retailer."], ["20250826", "BW LPG Limited announced key information regarding its cash dividend for Q2 2025. The Board approved a dividend of US$0.22 per share on August 25, 2025, with different record and payment dates for shares registered with Euronext VPS and the Depository Trust Company \u2013 New York Stock Exchange. The article details the specific dates for ex-date, record date, and dividend payment for both markets."], ["20250826", "Northern Trust (Nasdaq: NTRS) has been chosen by the State of New Mexico Educational Retirement Board (NMERB) to provide asset servicing solutions for its $18.5 billion fund. These services will include custody, accounting, post-trade compliance, performance measurement, and advanced support for alternative and derivative investments. This partnership aims to enhance transparency and improve decision-making processes for NMERB, which provides retirement benefits to New Mexico's public school and higher education employees."], ["20250826", "Crescent Energy has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Vital Energy in an all-stock transaction valued at approximately $3.1bn, inclusive of Vital\u2019s net debt. This merger aims to strengthen Crescent Energy's position with a strategy focused on consistent free cash flow, scaled positions, and flexible capital allocation in premier basins, expecting to close by the end of this year. The deal is projected to yield immediate annual synergies of $90m to $100m and offers a 15% premium on Vital\u2019s 30-day volume-weighted average trading price as of August 22, 2025."], ["20250826", "Broadcom Inc. and Walmart Inc. announced a strategic collaboration where Broadcom will serve as a strategic vendor for virtualization software solutions for Walmart. Utilizing VMware Cloud Foundation (VCF), Broadcom aims to unify and secure Walmart's global cloud and edge operations, enhancing the shopping experience, improving operational efficiency, and accelerating innovation. This partnership will help Walmart achieve enhanced agility, reduced operational complexity, simplified workload portability, and improved security and resilience across its distributed retail infrastructure."], ["20250826", "An affiliate of Pacific Avenue Capital Partners has entered into an agreement to acquire Pick Your Part (PYP) from LKQ Corporation (NASDAQ:LKQ). PYP is a self-service auto salvage business with 61 locations across the U.S., known for providing affordable used auto parts and contributing to sustainable automotive recycling. Pacific Avenue plans to support strategic growth initiatives for PYP, with the transaction expected to close in Q4 2025, pending regulatory approval."], ["20250826", "The article celebrates the 15th anniversary of the Alerian MLP ETF (AMLP) and its underlying index, AMZI, highlighting the enduring investment case for MLPs. It discusses MLPs' benefits including income generation (average yield of 7.40%), real asset exposure, and diversification, while presenting a constructive outlook driven by expected distribution growth and strong free cash flow generation. The article notes that MLPs are in a healthier financial position now compared to 15 years ago, with attractive valuations despite strong recent performance."], ["20250826", "Pool Corporation (POOLCORP) has announced its acquisition of the operating assets of Great Plains Supply Pool and Spa Products, effective August 22, 2025. This acquisition expands POOLCORP's presence in the Midwest and Texas markets, enhancing its product offerings and resources for Great Plains Supply's customers. Great Plains Supply, a subsidiary of mSupply Inc., has been a trusted distributor for over 40 years."], ["20250826", "British American Tobacco's CFO, Soraya Benchikh, has stepped down after approximately 15 months in the role, with Javed Iqbal appointed as interim CFO. This abrupt departure follows the company's recent financial update showing increased revenue and profit in the U.S. market, largely driven by its \"New Category\" brands. Benchikh will remain with the company until December 31 to ensure a smooth transition as BAT searches for a permanent successor."], ["20250826", "Commercial Bancgroup, a Tennessee-based community bank operating in Kentucky, North Carolina, and Tennessee, has filed with the SEC for an initial public offering to raise up to $173 million. The company, founded in 1975, reported $89 million in revenue for the 12 months ended June 30, 2025, and plans to list on the Nasdaq under the symbol CBK. Hovde Group is the sole bookrunner for the deal, with no pricing terms yet disclosed."], ["20250825", "Femasys Inc. announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering expected to generate approximately $8.0 million in gross proceeds. The offering includes shares of common stock, or pre-funded warrants, along with accompanying common warrants. Femasys plans to use the net proceeds for commercial expansion, product development, and general corporate purposes."], ["20250825", "WISeKey has launched its next-generation WISeID platform, merging its people and object identity solutions into a unified decentralized identity framework. This new platform, built on 25 years of experience, aims to provide a Self-Sovereign Identity solution, especially crucial in the face of increasing digital vulnerabilities and the rise of quantum computing. WISeID now incorporates quantum-resistant cryptography and leverages blockchain technologies for secure, user-controlled digital identities for both individuals and connected devices."], ["20250825", "Guardant Health Inc. has voluntarily dismissed its lawsuit against Natera Inc., which accused Natera of stealing trade secrets and poaching employees to advance its early cancer test business. The dismissal, filed on August 22nd, was made without prejudice, following discussions between the parties about a potential resolution or narrowing of the suit. Guardant had initially filed the lawsuit in February against Natera and two former employees."], ["20250825", "MannKind Corporation announced a definitive merger agreement to acquire scPharmaceuticals Inc. for an upfront cash payment of $5.35 per share plus a contingent value right up to $1.00, totaling up to $6.35 per share. This acquisition expands MannKind's presence into cardiorenal medicine with scPharmaceuticals' FDA-approved FUROSCIX, aiming to diversify revenue streams, accelerate double-digit growth, and leverage existing infrastructures for enhanced market reach in cardiometabolic and lung diseases. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2025."], ["20250825", "Raleigh-based investment firm Highwoods Properties has purchased the 3,057-space Legacy Union parking garage at 720 S. Church St. from Lincoln for $110 million. This acquisition marks Highwoods' third investment within the uptown Legacy Union development. The sale was finalized on August 21st."], ["20250825", "AllianceBernstein National Municipal Income Fund, Inc. released its monthly portfolio update as of July 31, 2025. The update details the fund's top 10 fixed-income holdings, state breakdown, currency exposure, credit quality, and bond maturity distribution. Key portfolio statistics, including total net assets of $322.75 million and a net asset value of $11.23, are also provided."], ["20250825", "Fifth District Bancorp, Inc. (Nasdaq: FDSB) has authorized a stock repurchase program for up to 555,947 shares of its common stock, representing 10% of currently outstanding shares. The repurchases will be conducted on the open market, potentially using a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, subject to market conditions. The program has no guarantee regarding the number of shares repurchased and can be suspended or discontinued at any time."], ["20250825", "KBRA has released a surveillance report for Barclays Bank PLC, affirming its A+ deposit and senior unsecured debt ratings and K1 short-term deposit and debt ratings. The outlook for the long-term ratings remains Stable. These ratings apply to Barclays Bank PLC, a subsidiary of Barclays PLC."], ["20250825", "Quantisnow reports that AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund, Inc. (AWF) has released its monthly portfolio update. This insight, delivered via Quantisnow's real-time market data platform, highlights the fund's latest details for retail investors. Quantisnow aggregates various financial news and data sources onto a single platform."], ["20250825", "Public Service Company of New Mexico (PNM) and its parent company TXNM Energy have filed an application with the state's Public Regulation Commission for a proposed $11.5 billion acquisition by private equity firm Blackstone Infrastructure. PNM highlights that the deal would provide financial resources for grid transformation and continued rooting in New Mexico, with commitments including customer rate credits and investments in economic development and energy transition goals. However, groups like New Energy Economy plan to intervene, raising concerns about potential threats to ratepayers and communities."], ["20250825", "Diginex Limited announced corrections to a previous press release regarding an eight-for-one forward stock split, to be paid as bonus shares. The company's board of directors approved this split, which will provide shareholders with seven additional shares for each share held as of the record date, September 5, 2025, with distribution set for September 8, 2025. This move aims to increase market liquidity and accessibility for investors, with no action required from shareholders as adjustments will be automatic."], ["20250825", "Wells Fargo's Wealth & Investment Management (WIM) division, in collaboration with InvestCloud, now offers alternative investments as an eligible option in its Personalized Unified Managed Account (Personalized UMA) program. This enhancement allows clients and advisors to manage alternative investments alongside traditional allocations, simplifying the investment process and providing greater choice. The initiative aims to meet the increasing demand for alternative investments and help clients build more resilient, diversified portfolios."], ["20250825", "Grayscale Investments has filed an S-1 with the SEC to launch a spot Avalanche (AVAX) exchange-traded fund, aiming to convert its existing Avalanche Trust into a publicly traded ETF. This move follows Nasdaq's filing in March 2025 to list the fund and aligns with Grayscale's expansion of spot crypto ETF offerings. Other issuers, like VanEck, have also filed for Avalanche ETFs, indicating growing interest in direct exposure to the crypto asset through traditional investment vehicles."], ["20250825", "Grayscale Investments has filed an S-1 registration statement with the SEC to launch a Spot Avalanche (AVAX) Exchange-Traded Fund on Nasdaq, aiming to convert its existing Avalanche Trust into a publicly traded product. If approved, this ETF would provide institutional and retail investors direct exposure to AVAX through traditional brokerage accounts, with Coinbase Custody as the asset custodian and BNY Mellon as administrator. The move signifies Grayscale's strategy to expand its crypto ETF offerings beyond Bitcoin and Ethereum, capitalizing on the growing institutional interest in Avalanche despite regulatory hurdles and competition from other financial institutions."], ["20250825", "UL Solutions has opened its first commercial and service robot testing laboratory in Uiwang, South Korea, to provide testing and certification services for robots used in various commercial and public environments. The lab will focus on compliance with UL 3300, a standard crucial for ensuring the safe operation of robots alongside people, addressing hazards like mobility, fire, shock, and human-robot interactions. This initiative comes amidst a boom in the global service robotics market, particularly in the Asia-Pacific region, driven by factors like labor shortages and the need for operational efficiency."], ["20250825", "TTM Technologies is strategically expanding its global footprint by strengthening its U.S. presence through an acquisition in Wisconsin and growing its manufacturing capabilities in Penang, Malaysia. CEO Tom Edman discusses the company's focus on supply chain resiliency and adapting to geopolitical shifts, including potential tariffs. Edman also addresses his upcoming retirement and the choice of Dr. Edwin Roks as his successor, emphasizing continuity in leadership and business strategy."], ["20250825", "Leanne Cunningham, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Brown-Forman Corporation, announced her retirement effective May 1, 2026, after 30 years with the company. Cunningham held various roles in accounting, finance, and strategy before becoming CFO in 2021 and was praised for her leadership, financial acumen, and dedication to developing people. Brown-Forman has initiated a search for her successor, aiming for an announcement by the end of the calendar year to ensure a smooth transition."], ["20250825", "Timken (NYSE: TKR) has appointed Lucian Boldea as its new President and CEO, effective September 1, 2025. Boldea joins Timken from Honeywell, where he led the $10 billion Industrial Automation segment, bringing over 25 years of industry experience and a strong background in strategic leadership and innovation. He succeeds Richard G. Kyle, who served as interim CEO, and will focus on advancing Timken's strategy, accelerating growth, and driving long-term returns for stakeholders."], ["20250825", "Teradyne Inc. (NASDAQ:TER) has announced a quarterly cash dividend of $0.12 per share, payable on September 29, 2025, to shareholders of record as of September 5, 2025. The company, which designs automated test equipment and robotics systems, has consistently paid dividends for 12 consecutive years. Despite trading above its estimated Fair Value, Teradyne recently surpassed analysts' expectations with its Q2 2025 earnings and revenue."], ["20250825", "Sharps Technology, a medical device and pharmaceutical packaging company, plans to sell $400 million worth of stock to fund a Solana treasury, potentially making it the largest Solana treasury company. This move follows a trend of small public companies establishing digital asset treasuries, gaining traction after Strategy (formerly MicroStrategy) successfully integrated Bitcoin into its balance sheet. Alice Zhang and James Zhang, co-founders of Jambo, will join Sharps' board to guide its investment strategy within the Solana ecosystem."], ["20250825", "Blue Owl is reportedly taking the lead in the refinancing of Kroll's significant $3.3 billion debt. The article, a brief 2-minute read, provides this key financial news."], ["20250825", "This article identifies three U.S. stocks\u2014DexCom (DXCM), Old National Bancorp (ONB), and UMB Financial (UMBF)\u2014that appear to be undervalued based on discounted cash flow analysis, with potential discounts ranging from 29.7% to 46.1%. It highlights their recent financial performance, strategic initiatives, and growth prospects, suggesting they offer significant growth potential for investors. The report is general advice and not tailored financial recommendations."], ["20250825", "This article explains incentive stock options (ISOs), comparing them to non-qualified stock options (NSOs) and restricted stock units (RSUs). It details how ISOs work, including grant dates, vesting schedules, and exercise processes, and outlines their favorable tax treatment, specifically regarding capital gains taxes and the alternative minimum tax (AMT). The article also highlights important caveats such as holding period risks, concentrated stock issues, and the $100,000 ISO limit, advising consultation with a financial advisor for complex tax scenarios."], ["20250825", "The article addresses the growing challenge of \"Shadow AI\" in corporate environments, where employees use unsanctioned AI tools, leading to potential data leaks and security risks. Cloudflare introduces its Shadow IT Report and enhanced analytics via Cloudflare One, providing organizations with visibility and control over AI application usage. This solution allows companies to monitor, categorize (approved, unapproved, in review), and enforce policies on AI tools, helping to mitigate security blind spots without hindering innovation."], ["20250825", "This article details McDonald's Corporation's top shareholders, which are predominantly passive institutional investors like Vanguard, State Street, and BlackRock. It also examines recent insider trading activity, noting small sales by executives and a lack of significant buying. While McDonald's remains a stable business, the article suggests that some active managers and insiders are exercising caution, possibly awaiting new catalysts before increasing their positions."], ["20250825", "Mattel, Inc. announced that its Chairman and CEO, Ynon Kreiz, and CFO, Paul Ruh, will participate in a fireside chat at the Goldman Sachs 32nd Annual Global Retailing Conference on September 3, 2025. They will discuss strategic updates for the global toy and family entertainment company, known for iconic brands such as Barbie and Hot Wheels. A webcast of the event will be available on Mattel's Investor Relations website."], ["20250825", "LM Funding America Inc. (LMFA) announced the purchase of 164 bitcoin for approximately $18.67 million, bringing its total holdings to 311 bitcoin. The acquisition follows a recent $23 million financing and reinforces the company's long-term belief in Bitcoin as a core asset class and store of value. The company's total bitcoin holdings are now valued at approximately $36.1 million."], ["20250825", "Keurig Dr Pepper has agreed to acquire JDE Peet's, the owner of Peet's Coffee, in an $18 billion deal. This acquisition is a strategic move that will lead to Keurig Dr Pepper spinning off its coffee brands into a separate public company. The complex transaction aims to separate the coffee and beverage units, essentially unwinding the 2018 merger that brought Keurig and Dr Pepper together."], ["20250825", "Jackson National Life Insurance Company has launched two new fixed index annuities, Jackson Income Assurance\u2120 and Jackson Income Assurance\u2120 Advisory, featuring an embedded guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit and a 30% premium bonus. These products aim to provide protected lifetime income with opportunities for guaranteed withdrawal balance growth, catering to evolving consumer needs for retirement planning. The offerings include commission-based and fee-based options with 7- and 10-year terms, designed to be advisory-friendly."], ["20250825", "Levi & Korsinsky LLP has filed a class action lawsuit against XPLR Infrastructure, LP (formerly Nextera Energy Partners, LP) on behalf of investors who suffered losses between September 27, 2023, and January 27, 2025. The lawsuit alleges that the company made false and misleading statements regarding its financial stability, its ability to maintain operations as a yieldco, and the sustainability of its distribution growth rate. Shareholders affected by these alleged securities frauds are encouraged to seek information on potential recovery."], ["20250825", "The city of Dallas is offering Scotiabank over $2.7 million in economic incentives, including tax abatements and job relocation funds, to entice the bank to open its next 100,000-square-foot U.S. office hub in the city. Scotiabank is considering Dallas and Charlotte, North Carolina, for the new office, which could create over 1,000 jobs with an average salary of $135,000. This move would further establish Dallas as a financial services hub, following similar expansions by Goldman Sachs."], ["20250825", "Revlon Hair Tools Canada is celebrating the 10th anniversary of its iconic One-Step\u2122 Volumizer, a hair styling tool that combines drying and styling for salon-quality blowouts. To mark the occasion, the brand is launching a Limited Edition 10th Anniversary One-Step\u2122 Volumizer and introducing new product lines like the SmoothStay\u2122 Collection and Perfect Match Collection, both featuring oil-infused tools. Revlon Hair Tools Canada remains dedicated to providing accessible and affordable styling tools for consumers."], ["20250825", "Fundstrat Capital, led by Tom Lee, has filed preliminary prospectuses for two new ETFs: the Fundstrat Granny Shots U.S. Small- & Mid-Cap ETF and the Fundstrat Granny Shots U.S. Large Cap & Income ETF. This expansion follows the significant success of their existing Granny Shots Large-cap ETF (GRNY), which amassed $2.3 billion in assets within nine months. The new ETFs aim to offer diversified investment opportunities, focusing on small/mid-cap equity appreciation and large-cap income generation through options strategies, respectively, utilizing Fundstrat's proprietary \"Granny Shots\" thematic investment process."], ["20250825", "This article identifies 10 \"Dividend King\" stocks suitable for retirement income, emphasizing their consistent dividend growth and safety. These stocks, all U.S.-based with current yields above 2.5% and an 'A' Dividend Risk Score, are ranked by dividend yield and include companies like Coca-Cola, PepsiCo, and Target. Each stock profile provides recent earnings summaries and key business highlights."], ["20250825", "FICO is leveraging its credit scoring expertise to become a data analytics powerhouse by introducing an AI-driven platform. This platform aims to streamline financial operations and safeguard sensitive data, focusing on data privacy. Bill Waid, FICO's Chief Product and Technology Officer, highlighted that the company's approach includes data ingestion, storage, and management, along with services for data privacy protection, ensuring that AI is used to derive predictive reasoning from a unified data catalog."], ["20250825", "NewPoint Real Estate Capital LLC has promoted Geraldine \u201cGeri\u201d Borger Urgo to President of Agency Lending. Ms. Borger Urgo previously led NewPoint\u2019s acquisition by Franklin BSP Realty Trust and served as Head of Originations. Simultaneously, Nick Gesue will depart his role as Chief Executive Officer on September 1, 2025, with leadership responsibilities consolidating under the existing executive team led by Michael Comparato, President of Franklin BSP Realty Trust."], ["20250825", "A-Mark Precious Metals (NASDAQ: AMRK) has scheduled its fiscal fourth quarter and full year 2025 earnings conference call for Tuesday, September 9, 2025, at 4:30 p.m. ET. The company will release its financial results for the period ended June 30, 2025, via press release before the call. Management will host a presentation followed by a Q&A session, accessible via webcast and dial-in."], ["20250825", "Americold Realty Trust, Inc. has announced the appointment of Robert S. Chambers as its new Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors, effective September 1, 2025. Chambers, who has been with the company for 12 years, replaces George Chappelle, who is retiring. Americold reaffirms its full-year 2025 financial outlook and will participate in several upcoming investment conferences."], ["20250825", "Wesco International has appointed Daniel Castillo as Executive Vice President and General Manager of its Electrical and Electronic Solutions (EES) strategic business unit, effective September 1, 2025. Castillo, previously an executive at Brinks, Inc. and JELD-WEN, Inc., will replace the retiring Nelson Squires. The appointment comes as Wesco's EES business is experiencing significant growth driven by electrification, AI-driven data centers, automation, IoT, and reshoring trends."], ["20250825", "DeFi Development Corp. (DFDV) has secured a $125 million equity offering at $12.50 per share to significantly expand its Solana holdings and increase per-share value. This financing, adding to over $370 million raised in 2025, further establishes DFDV as a leading Solana treasury vehicle. The deal is expected to close on August 28, 2025, including approximately 4.2 million shares and 5.7 million pre-funded warrants."], ["20250825", "Charter Communications is facing a new securities class action lawsuit alleging the company misled investors about the financial impact of the Affordable Connectivity Program's cancellation. Investors claim Charter failed to disclose the true extent of subscriber and revenue declines, despite initially stating the impact was \"behind us.\" This lawsuit follows a significant drop in Charter's stock price after its Q2 2025 earnings report revealed a loss of 117,000 broadband subscribers."], ["20250825", "Cemtrex Inc. announced its intent to acquire two profitable U.S.-based businesses: one in industrial robotics integration and another in aerospace and defense systems engineering. These acquisitions are expected to contribute $15\u201318 million in annual revenue and $2.5\u20133 million in operating income, aligning with Cemtrex's strategy to expand into high-value markets. The company envisions these additions will help it reach $100 million in total revenue and significantly boost operating profit, moving towards a $150 million+ platform."], ["20250825", "Boston Scientific has initiated a Class I recall for its carotid WallStent monorail endoprosthesis due to a manufacturing defect that narrows the inner lumen, potentially causing serious injury or death. The defect can create resistance during device withdrawal, leading to potential vessel injury, stent damage, or stroke from debris. While six cases requiring intervention have been reported, no deaths have yet been associated with the issue."], ["20250825", "International Game Technology (IGT) announced that its Wheel of Fortune-branded slot machines awarded over $4 million in jackpots during July. Three separate players won over $1 million each in Las Vegas, Palms Casino Resort, and Thunder Valley Casino Resort. Since their launch in 1996, these popular slots have created over 1,200 millionaires and distributed more than $3.6 billion in jackpots."], ["20250825", "S&P Global Ratings has revised Braskem's global corporate credit rating to BB- with a CreditWatch Negative outlook. This decision reflects ongoing uncertainties concerning petrochemical product spreads and their impact on Braskem's liquidity. The company is implementing resilience initiatives to address the prolonged downturn in the industry and strengthen its competitiveness."], ["20250825", "Scotiabank Centre has announced Aramark Canada as its new food and beverage service provider. This partnership aims to enhance the culinary experience for visitors at the venue."], ["20250825", "This article highlights a Zacks Market Edge podcast episode discussing Cathie Wood's ARK Innovation ETF (ARKK) and whether investors should buy into its recent resurgence in 2025. The podcast, hosted by Tracey Ryniec, examines ARKK's performance and top holdings like Tesla, Palantir, Robinhood, and Tempus AI, detailing their individual year-to-date performance and Zacks Ranks. It encourages listeners to tune into the podcast for a deeper dive into ARKK's investment potential."], ["20250825", "Aon PLC announced its pooled employer plan (Aon PEP) has reached over $5 billion in live and committed assets since its launch in 2021, now serving more than 130 employers and 100,000 eligible employees. The firm reported improved participant behaviors, including increased enrollment and savings rates, highlighting PEPs as an efficient solution for employers to offer retirement benefits by reducing administrative burdens and costs. This growth underscores a broader trend of increasing PEP adoption, as evidenced by similar developments from Empower and industry research showing employers seeking to simplify plan administration."], ["20250825", "American Tower Corporation (NYSE: AMT) announced the appointment of Gene Reilly to its Board of Directors. Mr. Reilly previously served as Vice Chairman of Prologis, Inc., bringing 40 years of experience in real property investment, management, and operations. His expertise in portfolio strategy and real estate will provide critical insight for American Tower's global portfolio optimization and market leadership."], ["20250825", "KeyBanc has upgraded Alignment Healthcare (NASDAQ: ALHC) stock from Sector Weight to Overweight, setting a price target of $21.00. The upgrade is based on the company's \"emerging\" Medicare Advantage-value-based care model, which is expected to drive long-term market share gains and above-average growth. KeyBanc also anticipates significant EBITDA growth for Alignment Healthcare in 2026 and 2027, supported by cohort maturation, Stars funding advantages, and improved Medicare Advantage rates."], ["20250825", "American International Group Inc. (AIG) has appointed Scott Hallworth as its chief digital officer, effective September 1, where he will lead AIG\u2019s digital, data, and GenAI strategy. Concurrently, commercial property insurer FM has named Tara Long as its senior vice president and chief information officer, tasked with overseeing the company's technology strategy. Both appointments highlight a focus on digital transformation and technological leadership within the insurance industry."], ["20250825", "Cassava Sciences (NASDAQ: SAVA), a biotechnology company focused on CNS disorders, announced its participation in the H.C. Wainwright 27th Annual Global Investment Conference. President and CEO Rick Barry will deliver a corporate presentation on September 8, 2025, at 5 PM ET in New York City, with a webcast replay available on the company's investor website. The news led to a mild negative market reaction, with SAVA declining 1.82% on the day of publication."], ["20250825", "Levi & Korsinsky, LLP notified investors of Alto Neuroscience, Inc. (NYSE: ANRO) about a class action securities lawsuit. The lawsuit alleges that Alto Neuroscience, Inc. made false statements and concealed information regarding the effectiveness and prospects of its product pipeline, ALTO-100, for treating major depressive disorder. Investors who suffered losses have until September 19, 2025, to request to be appointed as lead plaintiff."], ["20250825", "The Rosen Law Firm is investigating potential securities claims against GeneDx Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ: WGS) after a report by Grizzly Research alleged the company is committing widespread fraud, artificially inflating revenue by exploiting Medicaid and Medicare systems. Investors who purchased GeneDx securities and suffered losses are encouraged to contact the firm for potential class action participation to recover losses. The firm emphasizes its track record in securities class actions and shareholder derivative litigation."], ["20250825", "Evolent Health (EVH) saw a 6.4% stock increase following a US$166.75 million convertible note offering, which was used to repurchase existing notes and Class A common stock, enhancing financial flexibility. The company's investment narrative focuses on accelerating value-based care and scaling specialty platforms, with future growth dependent on converting client deals. Despite recent declines in revenue and profitability, the financial restructuring aims to support future growth targets, though execution risks and market volatility remain concerns."], ["20250825", "DRAI ETF\uff0c\u5168\u540d\u70baDraco Evolution AI ETF\uff0c\u65bc2024\u5e74\u5728\u7d10\u7d04\u8b49\u5238\u4ea4\u6613\u6240\u639b\u724c\uff0c\u7531YouTube\u5171\u540c\u5275\u8fa6\u4eba\u9673\u58eb\u99ff\u8207\u83ef\u723e\u8857\u64cd\u76e4\u624b\u5085\u51a0\u9f8d\u5171\u540c\u5275\u7acb\u3002\u6b64ETF\u6700\u5927\u7684\u7279\u8272\u5728\u65bc\u63a1\u7528\u4eba\u5de5\u667a\u6167\u9078\u80a1\uff0c\u900f\u904e\u5c08\u5c6cAI\u91cf\u5316\u6a21\u578b\uff0c\u65e8\u5728\u63d0\u4f9b\u7a69\u5065\u7684\u9577\u671f\u56de\u5831\uff0c\u4e26\u8072\u7a31\u80fd\u7cbe\u6e96\u638c\u63e1\u5e02\u5834\u591a\u7a7a\u8da8\u52e2\uff0c\u6392\u9664\u4eba\u6027\u6050\u61fc\u8207\u8caa\u5a6a\u3002"], ["20250825", "Cartiga, a litigation finance asset management platform, is set to go public through a definitive business combination agreement with Alchemy Investments Acquisition Corp 1 (NASDAQ:ALCY). This merger aims to position Cartiga to leverage its 20+ year investment track record, proprietary data-driven platform, and over $20 million in technology investments to accelerate growth, expand its product suite, and access public capital markets within the $300+ billion legal services sector. The transaction highlights the growing institutional legitimacy of litigation finance and Cartiga's unique data-driven approach in this underpenetrated market."], ["20250825", "Franklin Financial Services announced its plan to redeem a portion of its outstanding 5.00% Fixed to Floating Rate Notes due September 1, 2030, on September 30, 2025. The redemption will involve $9 million of the principal amount, with the redemption price set at 60% of the aggregate principal amount plus accrued interest. The company will use excess cash to fund this redemption."], ["20250825", "OrthoPediatrics Corp. has announced the appointment of Kelly Fischer to its Board of Directors, effective August 8, 2025, succeeding Terry Schlotterback, who is retiring after over 15 years of service. Fischer, currently Senior Vice President and CFO at Cook Medical, brings extensive financial leadership experience to the medical device company. This change comes as OrthoPediatrics recently reported mixed Q2 2025 earnings, with an EPS beat but a revenue miss, leading to revised price targets from analysts."], ["20250825", "Ares Dynamic Credit Allocation Fund (NYSE: ARDC) has released its monthly portfolio composition and performance data as of July 31, 2025. This data is now accessible to investors through the company's official website. The fund aims to provide an attractive total return primarily through current income and secondarily through capital appreciation, investing in a broad, dynamically-managed portfolio of credit investments."], ["20250825", "Safety Shot (NASDAQ: SHOT) has secured a significant $30 million strategic investment. This includes a $5 million cash offering and a $25 million private placement in BONK tokens from BONK founding members, with shares priced at $0.46. The investment creates a strategic partnership with FalconX and the BONK ecosystem, providing Safety Shot with a direct stake in letsBONK.fun's operations and a growing BONK token treasury, and is expected to close around August 27, 2025."], ["20250825", "A-Mark Precious Metals, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMRK) announced it will host a conference call on Tuesday, September 9, 2025, at 4:30 p.m. Eastern time to discuss its fiscal fourth quarter and full-year results for the period ending June 30, 2025. Financial results will be released via press release before the call. Management will lead the presentation, followed by a Q&A session."], ["20250825", "Huntington Bancshares (Nasdaq: HBAN) announced its participation in the 2025 Barclays Global Financial Services Conference on September 8, 2025. CFO Zach Wasserman and President of Consumer and Regional Banking Brant Standridge will present on business trends, financial performance, and strategic initiatives. Investors can access a live audio webcast and replay of the presentation via Huntington's investor relations website."], ["20250825", "Financial Institutions, Inc. announced that its Board of Directors has approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.31 per outstanding common share. The company also declared dividends for its Series A 3% preferred stock ($0.75 per share) and Series B-1 8.48% preferred stock ($2.12 per share), all payable on October 2, 2025, to shareholders of record on September 15, 2025."], ["20250825", "Berkshire Hills Bancorp and Brookline Bancorp have received all necessary regulatory approvals for their merger of equals, which will form Beacon Financial Corporation. The merger is expected to close on September 1, 2025, creating a $24 billion regional banking franchise the Northeast. The combined entity will operate as Beacon Bank & Trust, with clients gradually transitioning to the new brand and banking systems in early 2026."], ["20250825", "Financial Institutions, Inc. announced that its Board of Directors has approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.31 per outstanding common share. The company also declared dividends for its Series A 3% preferred stock and Series B-1 8.48% preferred stock. All dividends are payable on October 2, 2025, to shareholders of record as of September 15, 2025."], ["20250825", "Pinnacle Financial Partners and Synovus Financial Corp. have named the executive leadership team for their combined company, which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2026. The new team, led by President and CEO Kevin Blair, aims to drive transformative growth and innovation under the Pinnacle brand. The merger combines Pinnacle's high-growth model with Synovus' strategic investments, leveraging both organizations' talent and client bases."], ["20250825", "VettaFi's head of research, Todd Rosenbluth, discusses the NEOS Bitcoin High Income ETF (BTCI) on the ETF of the Week podcast. He highlights the fund's $500 million in assets under management, over $300 million in net inflows in recent months, and a 27% yield generated through options on Bitcoin. Rosenbluth positions BTCI as a strategic alternative to traditional Bitcoin ETFs for investors seeking income and reduced volatility."], ["20250825", "Compass Minerals International Inc. has agreed to a $4.9 million class action settlement for investors who purchased securities between February 8, 2023, and March 26, 2024. The lawsuit alleged the company made false and misleading statements about its fire retardant business, causing financial harm to investors. Eligible class members can file a claim online or via mail by October 7, 2025, to receive a pro rata payment from the settlement fund."], ["20250825", "Capital Clean Energy Carriers, controlled by Evangelos Marinakis, has secured $377 million in financing for newbuildings. The company is actively selling off its remaining container vessels as it focuses on its gas carrier operations. This move comes as part of a strategic shift within the company."], ["20250825", "Kakao Pay Securities is re-entering overseas financial markets through a strategic partnership with U.S. investment banking firm Siebert Financial. The collaboration aims to combine Kakao Pay's fintech innovations and mobile technology with Siebert's financial infrastructure to expand global offerings, including overseas stock brokerage services and AI-based investment solutions beyond Korea and the U.S. This partnership seeks to meet the growing demand for overseas stock investments among domestic investors and provide a stable trading environment."], ["20250825", "CollPlant Biotechnologies, a regenerative and aesthetics medicine company, announced its participation in the 27th Annual H.C. Wainwright Global Investment Conference. Senior management will be available for one-on-one meetings with investors at the conference, which is scheduled for September 8-9, 2025, in New York. The company specializes in products based on its non-animal-derived recombinant human collagen (rhCollagen) technology for tissue repair, aesthetics, and organ manufacturing."], ["20250825", "Connexa Sports Technologies Inc. (Nasdaq:YYAI) and JuCoin Capital Pte Ltd have signed a $500 million agreement to launch aiRWA, a cryptocurrency exchange focused on Real-World Assets (RWA) to bridge physical and digital finance. The partnership also includes a Memorandum of Understanding to develop USDR, a new stablecoin for Asia, and to collaboratively innovate in stablecoin infrastructure, digital asset services, and AI-driven financial technology. This collaboration leverages YYAI's traditional finance expertise and JuCoin's digital finance leadership to create a more interconnected and efficient global financial ecosystem."], ["20250825", "Nano Labs (NASDAQ: NA), a Chinese Web3 infrastructure company, saw its shares surge by nearly 20% following renewed investor optimism around Binance Coin's (BNB) record run and the company's significant crypto reserves. Nano Labs recently acquired 74,315 BNB tokens, bringing its total digital asset portfolio to approximately $160 million, with plans to increase it further to $1 billion in BNB. This bullish momentum reflects growing investor confidence in companies holding substantial cryptocurrency reserves."], ["20250825", "Molina Healthcare (MOH) recently secured a new US$500 million term loan to fund stock buybacks, extending its relationship with Truist Bank. This move aims to enhance shareholder returns but is acknowledged to have less impact on the share price than contract wins or the risks associated with Medicaid funding. The article also provides insight into Molina Healthcare's investment narrative, including revenue and earnings forecasts, and mentions varying fair value estimates from the Simply Wall St community."], ["20250825", "AirNet Technology (NASDAQ:ANTE) has announced a registered direct offering of 80,826,225 ordinary shares and accompanying warrants to certain investors, aiming to raise approximately $180 million in gross proceeds. The offering is priced at $2.227 per share and warrant, with warrants immediately exercisable at $3.3405 per share and expiring in August 2030. The transaction is expected to close soon, subject to customary conditions."], ["20250825", "BanColombia S.A. (CIB) has reached a new 52-week high, with its stock up 13.2% over the past month and 58.5% year-to-date. The company consistently beats earnings estimates and shows strong valuation metrics with favorable Zacks Style Scores (A for Value, Growth, and VGM, B for Momentum) and a Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy). This suggests potential for further gains, alongside a strong peer Credicorp Ltd. (BAP) in a favorable industry."], ["20250825", "Grayscale has filed an S-1 form with the SEC to convert its Avalanche Trust into a spot ETF, allowing it to trade on Nasdaq with cash creations and redemptions. This marks the second regulatory step in the conversion process for the fund, which manages nearly $15 million in assets and was launched in August 2024. If approved, this AVAX ETF would be one of the first U.S.-listed products tracking a smart contract blockchain beyond major cryptocurrencies, indicating a potential shift in traditional finance's approach to digital asset investment."], ["20250825", "GoDaddy Inc. announced that its CFO, Mark McCaffrey, will present at Citi's 2025 Global TMT Conference in New York City on September 3, 2025. Investors can access a live audio webcast and a post-presentation replay on GoDaddy's investor relations website. The presentation will cover the company's vision and business operations."], ["20250825", "Canary Capital has filed a Form S-1 registration with the U.S. SEC to launch an \"American-Made\" spot cryptocurrency ETF. This unique fund aims to include only digital coins invented or largely mined in the United States, positioning itself as a domestic investment vehicle for U.S. investors. This move is part of Canary Capital's broader strategy of filing for a range of crypto ETFs, including those for altcoins and staked coins, amidst changing regulatory attitudes towards crypto products."], ["20250825", "A Schedule 13G filing reveals that Citadel-related entities and Kenneth Griffin hold significant passive stakes in Asset Entities Inc. (ASST). Citadel Advisors entities report a 5.7% shared ownership, while Citadel Securities entities hold 2.5%, totaling 883,573 and 384,854 shares respectively. Kenneth Griffin is recognized as the beneficial owner of 1,268,427 shares, representing an 8.1% stake in ASST, with the filing explicitly stating these holdings are not intended to influence control of the issuer."], ["20250825", "The Direxion Small Cap Bear 3X ETF (TZA) provides daily inverse exposure (-3x) to US small-cap companies as defined by the Russell 2000 index, acting as a short-term trading tool rather than a long-term investment due to its geared nature and daily resets. The ETF, issued by Rafferty Asset Management LLC under the Direxion brand, was launched in 2008 and has an expense ratio of 0.99%. TZA pays quarterly dividends, with the last dividend amounting to $0.07 USD."], ["20250825", "GOAT Industries Ltd. (CSE: GOAT) has announced an upsizing of its non-brokered private placement offering to an aggregate of up to $6 million, increasing the maximum raise from $2 million. The offering will consist of up to 20,000,000 units at $0.30 per unit, with each unit containing one common share and one-half of one common share purchase warrant. Proceeds will fund the acquisition of BETSource, expand its business, and serve general corporate purposes."], ["20250825", "The Neos Real Estate High Income ETF (IYRI) offers a higher income alternative to the iShares U.S. Real Estate ETF (IYR) through an options overlay strategy, resulting in an 11% yield compared to IYR's 2.4%. While IYRI has higher fees and potential NAV erosion, its distributions are mostly classified as Return of Capital, offering tax advantages. Despite its short track record, IYRI receives a Buy rating for income-focused investors due to its effective execution of strategy and monthly payouts."], ["20250825", "Transcat, Inc. (NASDAQ: TRNS) has announced that CEO Lee D. Rudow plans to retire, effective March 2026. Rudow will transition to an advisory role after a new CEO is appointed. The Board has initiated a search for his successor, aiming to ensure a smooth leadership transition while the company continues to execute its growth strategy."], ["20250825", "Mill City Ventures III, Ltd. (MCVT) is rebranding to SUI Group Holdings Limited and changing its Nasdaq ticker symbol to \"SUIG\" effective August 26, 2025. This change reflects the company's strategic shift to a SUI treasury strategy focused on the Sui blockchain, where Mill City claims to be the only publicly traded company with an official relationship with the Sui Foundation. The company will continue its specialty finance operations alongside this new SUI treasury strategy, which aims to provide institutional-grade exposure to the Sui blockchain."], ["20250825", "Mill City Ventures III, Ltd. has announced a comprehensive corporate rebrand to SUI Group Holdings Limited, changing its Nasdaq ticker symbol to \"SUIG\" starting August 26, 2025. This rebrand reflects the company's new strategic direction focused on a foundation-backed SUI treasury strategy centered on the Sui blockchain, positioning it as the only publicly traded company with an official relationship with the Sui Foundation. SUI Group aims to provide institutional-grade exposure to the SUI digital asset and support the advancement and adoption of the Sui network."], ["20250825", "MannKind Corporation is set to acquire scPharmaceuticals Inc. in a deal valued at up to $360 million, involving a cash payment of $5.35 per share plus potential contingent value rights. This acquisition aims to significantly expand MannKind's cardiorenal medicine portfolio with scPharmaceuticals' FUROSCIX, an FDA-approved treatment for fluid overload in chronic heart failure and kidney disease. The strategic move is expected to diversify MannKind's revenue streams, accelerate its double-digit growth goals, and integrate scPharmaceuticals' commercial capabilities, enhancing its market presence and product offerings."], ["20250825", "Robo.ai (NASDAQ: AIIO) focuses on building a global AI robotics network platform integrating AI software, smart devices, and smart assets, with its principal executive office in Dubai. The company recently appointed Mansoor Ali Khan as CTO of its newly acquired Neurovia AI, highlighting its strategy for edge-processing and data-compression development. Robo.ai's initiatives include smart mobility, embedded finance for smart vehicles, and partnerships with entities like Zand Bank and W Motors, aiming to create a \"Smart Open Machine Economy\" by converging AI, IoT, and blockchain technologies."], ["20250825", "Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. has released its 10-K report for fiscal 2025, detailing robust financial performance with a 7.2% revenue increase to $2,375 million and a 19.4% rise in net income to $456 million. The report highlights strategic initiatives such as the acquisition of Payrailz, the development of the cloud-native Jack Henry Platform\u2122, and strong client relationships as the company approaches its 50th year. It also addresses significant challenges including market competition, data security risks, and regulatory compliance in the financial technology sector."], ["20250825", "This article highlights the Invesco S&P 500 High Dividend Low Volatility ETF (SPHD) as a superior alternative to SCHD for investors seeking monthly dividend income. SPHD offers a higher dividend yield, a focus on low-volatility, high-dividend S&P 500 stocks with significant allocations to real estate and consumer staples, and a history of consistent monthly payouts. The author emphasizes SPHD's benefits for those looking for steady passive income without heavy exposure to the tech sector."], ["20250825", "BeOne Medicines has secured an upfront payment of $885 million from Royalty Pharma for certain royalty payments tied to Amgen's lung cancer drug, Imdelltra. The deal allows BeOne to monetize its stake in the successful drug, bolstering its balance sheet and providing strategic flexibility. Imdelltra, which targets DLL3, has shown significant market potential, with sales surpassing expectations and analysts projecting substantial future growth despite emerging competition in the DLL3 field."], ["20250825", "NAPCO Security Technologies, Inc. (NSSC) has released its fiscal year 2025 10-K report, revealing a decrease in net sales, operating income, and net income, mainly due to reduced equipment revenues. Despite this, gross profit margins increased, and recurring service revenue grew by 14%. The company is focusing on strategic initiatives such as increased R&D, enhancing recurring revenue opportunities, and managing challenges like distributor reliance and potential new tariffs, while maintaining a strong liquidity position."], ["20250825", "JM Financial has initiated coverage on ITC Hotels with a \"sell\" rating and a price target of \u20b9215 per share, projecting a potential downside of 12%. The brokerage cites stretched valuations, expecting the company's EBITDA growth to taper due to no new assets being commissioned until FY28. This makes JM Financial the first among analysts to issue a \"sell\" rating for the stock, while six others maintain \"buy\" recommendations."], ["20250825", "Thoma Bravo announced its definitive agreement to acquire Verint Systems, Inc. for an enterprise value of $2 billion, planning to combine it with Calabrio. This merger aims to create an AI-driven Customer Experience (CX) powerhouse, offering an expansive portfolio of CX Automation Solutions. The combined entity will focus on innovations in the $50B+ CX market, leveraging AI to enhance customer interactions and business outcomes."], ["20250825", "Immix Biopharma, Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on cell therapies, announced it will present and host investor meetings at the Stifel 2025 Healthcare Conference in November 2025. The company will discuss its lead candidate, NXC-201, a CAR-T cell therapy for AL Amyloidosis, which has received RMAT and Orphan Drug Designation. Interested investors are encouraged to contact their Stifel representatives for meeting requests."], ["20250825", "Ormat Technologies, Inc. has signed a 25-year extension to its power purchase agreement with the Southern California Public Power Authority (SCPPA) for 52MW from its Heber 1 geothermal facility. This agreement, effective February 2026, will continue to supply clean, baseload geothermal energy to the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power and the Imperial Irrigation District through 2052. The extension reinforces California's climate goals and ensures a reliable, carbon-free energy source for millions of residents."], ["20250825", "EpicQuest Education (NASDAQ: EEIQ) announced a $3.7 million registered direct offering of 5,068,493 ordinary shares at $0.73 per share to institutional investors. The company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. The offering is expected to close around August 26, 2025, with FT Global Capital, Inc. acting as the exclusive placement agent."], ["20250825", "A1R WATER, a leader in atmospheric water generation, announced a business combination with Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. III (Nasdaq: IPCX) valuing A1R WATER at a pro forma enterprise value of $419 million. The deal includes a $63.5 million PIPE investment, with $32.5 million already funded, to accelerate its 2025 business plan and support expansion into the US market. The combined entity will be renamed Air Water Ventures Limited and trade on Nasdaq under the symbol \"WATR\" after the transaction closes, expected by Q1 2026."], ["20250825", "NeOnc Technologies has acquired an intellectual property portfolio spanning AI, 3D bioprinting, and quantum modeling to enhance its drug discovery for CNS cancers. This $3.5 million acquisition allows for high-throughput screening of therapeutic candidates using patient-derived 3D brain tumor models. Concurrent with the acquisition, Dr. Ishwar K. Puri, SVP of Research and Innovation at USC, has joined NeOnc\u2019s Board of Directors, bringing significant expertise to guide the deployment of these new technologies."], ["20250825", "Sharps Technology (STSS) announced a private placement offering of over $400 million to establish a Solana digital asset treasury, with SOL as the principal holding. This news caused the stock to jump 54% in pre-market trading, reflecting extremely bullish retail investor sentiment. The company plans to use the proceeds to acquire SOL in the open market and build its SOL treasury operations."], ["20250825", "Chip programming solutions provider Data I/O has disclosed a ransomware attack that impacted its operations, including communications, shipping, and production. The company filed an 8-K form with the SEC, indicating that the cyberattack disrupted several functions and that outside experts are assisting with incident response and recovery. Data I/O anticipates that the costs related to the incident will likely have a material impact on its financial results."], ["20250825", "This page on Stock Titan provides comprehensive access to Amphenol Corporation's SEC filings, including 10-K annual reports, 10-Q quarterly reports, 8-K material event forms, and insider trading forms. It leverages AI-powered tools to summarize complex documents and highlight key financial and governance changes. The article details recent filings related to acquisitions, financing agreements, and insider transactions, offering investors a structured resource to analyze APH stock and its regulatory history."], ["20250825", "iBio Inc. has successfully closed a public offering raising an initial $50 million, with the potential for an additional $50 million if all accompanying warrants are exercised. This funding, led by Balyasny Asset Management and other prominent investors, will advance iBio's preclinical cardiometabolic programs, including IBIO-610 and IBIO-600. The complex warrant structure, tied to clinical trial initiation milestones, reflects significant institutional confidence in iBio's AI-driven antibody platform."], ["20250825", "I-Mab (NASDAQ: IMAB) has announced significant leadership enhancements, appointing three new independent directors to its Board: Dr. Robert Lenz, Ms. Xin Liu, and Dr. Sean Cao. The company also formed a new Research and Development Committee, chaired by Dr. Lenz, and appointed Dr. Ken Takeshita to its Scientific Advisory Board. These moves aim to accelerate innovation, strengthen R&D excellence, and support the progression of its givastomig program in immuno-oncology."], ["20250825", "IDEAYA Biosciences announced its participation in several investor relations events in September 2025, including the Cantor Global Healthcare Conference, its 10-Year Anniversary R&D Day, and the Morgan Stanley 23rd Annual Global Healthcare Conference. The R&D Day will feature clinical data updates, upcoming catalysts, and a review of its long-term portfolio strategy with a key opinion leader. Management will also participate in one-on-one investor meetings at the Morgan Stanley conference."], ["20250825", "Enel Chile S.A. carries a significant debt load, with net debt of US$3.33 billion as of June 2025, which is higher than its market capitalization. Although its ability to convert EBIT to free cash flow is positive, the company's EBIT was down 59% over the last year, suggesting risks in managing this debt. Due to the substantial liabilities and declining earnings, the article concludes that Enel Chile's balance sheet presents a considerable risk."], ["20250825", "Safety Shot has secured a $30 million strategic investment, including a $5 million registered direct offering and a $25 million private placement paid in BONK tokens by BONK founding members, with all shares priced at $0.46. This investment, anchored by FalconX and the BONK core team, provides Safety Shot with capital and expertise to execute its growth strategy, focusing on integrating with letsBONK.fun and acquiring revenue-generating assets within the DeFi space. The transaction aims to create a bridge between DeFi and public markets, offering a dual-engine opportunity for long-term value creation."], ["20250825", "Boxabl has acquired 10 Bitcoin at an average price of $107,800 each as part of its treasury reserve strategy to diversify financial reserves and hedge against inflation. This move comes as the modular home manufacturer also confirmed a definitive merger agreement with FG Merger II Corp, valuing Boxabl at approximately $3.5 billion, with plans to trade on Nasdaq under the ticker BXBL. The company has successfully raised over $230 million from more than 50,000 investors to date, demonstrating strong financial backing for its growth objectives and innovative treasury management."], ["20250825", "Public Service Company of New Mexico (PNM) and its parent company TXNM Energy have filed an application with New Mexico's Public Regulation Commission for an $11.5 billion acquisition by Blackstone Infrastructure. The deal aims to provide financial resources for PNM to strengthen the state's electricity grid and transition to carbon-free energy, while Blackstone has committed to keeping PNM headquartered in New Mexico and providing customer rate credits and investments. However, the New Energy Economy group plans to intervene, expressing concerns about the deal's potential threat to ratepayers and communities."], ["20250825", "International and emerging-market ETFs have hit new 52-week highs, driven by significant capital inflows totaling $55.5 billion in July. This surge is attributed to attractive valuations, increased investor interest in non-U.S. markets, and a positive economic outlook for regions like Sub-Saharan Africa. Investors are increasingly favoring emerging market assets for better yields amidst concerns over U.S. fiscal policies."], ["20250825", "Skyworks Solutions, Inc. has appointed Philip Carter as its new senior vice president and chief financial officer, effective September 8, 2025. Carter, who previously served as corporate vice president and chief accounting officer at Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD), is returning to Skyworks where he was formerly the vice president, corporate controller, and principal accounting officer. He will be responsible for the company's financial strategy, investor relations, treasury, and leadership of global finance and IT organizations."], ["20250825", "Moody\u2019s is set to increase its ownership in MERIS Ratings, signaling a deeper commitment and presence within the Middle East and Africa regions. This strategic move aims to strengthen Moody's footprint and influence in the financial ratings sector across these key markets."], ["20250825", "EpicQuest Education Group International Limited (NASDAQ: EEIQ) announced it has entered into a securities purchase agreement with institutional investors for a registered direct offering. The offering of 5,068,493 ordinary shares at $0.73 per share is expected to generate approximately $3.7 million in gross proceeds. The company plans to use the net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes."], ["20250825", "The article provides an analysis of the REX MSTR Growth & Income ETF (MSII), detailing its structure, investment strategy, and key financial metrics. MSII offers leveraged exposure to MicroStrategy (MSTR) through options and swaps, rebalancing daily, and employs a covered call approach. It also presents dividend information, expense ratio, and asset allocation, noting its significant dividend yield despite high volatility due to leverage."], ["20250825", "EpicQuest Education Group International Limited announced a registered direct offering of 5,068,493 ordinary shares to institutional investors at $0.73 per share, aiming to raise approximately $3.7 million before fees. The offering follows a significant 125% surge in the company's stock over the past week and the proceeds will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. FT Global Capital, Inc. is acting as the exclusive placement agent for the transaction."], ["20250825", "United States Liability Insurance Company (USLI) has filed a lawsuit against The Travelers Companies, seeking reimbursement for over $900,000 in defense costs related to a Los Angeles car accident settlement. USLI claims that Travelers, as the primary insurer, failed to contribute to the defense of their mutual policyholders, despite the settlement only utilizing Travelers' policy limits. The case highlights broader industry issues regarding the apportionment of defense costs between primary and excess insurers, especially when settlements do not reach the excess layer."], ["20250825", "Motorola Solutions, Inc. announced that its board of directors has approved a regular quarterly dividend of $1.09 per share. The dividend will be payable in cash on October 15, 2025, to shareholders of record as of September 15, 2025. The company also highlighted its commitment to safety and security solutions."], ["20250825", "The Link at Uptown, a Class AA office tower in Dallas, has been acquired by Atlanta-based Cousins Properties (NYSE: CUZ) for $218 million. This sale, brokered by Newmark, is being hailed as a significant indicator of the Dallas-Fort Worth market's strength and a \"high watermark\" for DFW office sales in 2025. Following the acquisition, JLL has been engaged to handle leasing for the 25-story tower."], ["20250825", "A recently published technical paper by Google researchers indicates that the energy consumption for a median Gemini text prompt is significantly lower than commonly cited estimates, reinforcing Alphabet's cost advantage in AI deployment. Despite Alphabet stock being up over 40% from its April lows, Morningstar maintains its $237 fair value estimate, viewing the stock as undervalued due to the company's strong economic moat and impressive gains in AI model efficiency. This efficiency helps allay investor concerns about rising AI costs impacting Alphabet's margins, though more complex prompts may still consume more energy than traditional search."], ["20250825", "Klarna has expanded its buy now, pay later (BNPL) services to over 400 Walmart Inc. locations across Canada, complementing its existing online presence with in-store payment options for purchases over $50 CAD. This move follows Klarna's integration into U.S. Walmart stores earlier this year, replacing Affirm Inc., and underscores Klarna's strategy to extend its reach into physical retail spaces. Consumers can use Klarna in-store by scanning a QR code at assisted checkout lanes."], ["20250825", "NVIDIA has announced the general availability of its NVIDIA Jetson AGX Thor developer kit and production modules, designed to power advanced robotics and physical AI. Powered by Blackwell GPUs, Jetson Thor delivers significantly higher AI compute and energy efficiency than its predecessor, enabling robots to have real-time, intelligent interactions. Industry leaders like Agility Robotics, Amazon Robotics, Boston Dynamics, and Figure are among the early adopters, praising its capabilities for running powerful AI models at the edge."], ["20250825", "U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc (USBI) has been fined $500,000 by FINRA and agreed to a censure. The fine was imposed because USBI incorrectly applied a $25,000 monetary threshold for Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs), applicable to banks, instead of the $5,000 threshold for broker-dealers. This error resulted in 42 SARs not being timely filed between April 2020 and August 2023, indicating a failure in establishing adequate policies and procedures for detecting and reporting suspicious transactions."], ["20250825", "Equitable Holdings, Inc. has commenced a cash tender offer to purchase up to $500 million aggregate principal amount of its outstanding debt securities. The offer includes three series of Notes with varying principal amounts, series caps, and acceptance priority levels. The tender offer has an early tender deadline of September 8, 2025, and an expiration date of September 23, 2025, with specific considerations for early and late tenders."], ["20250825", "Berkshire Hills Bancorp and Brookline Bancorp have received all necessary regulatory approvals to complete their merger of equals and will rename as Beacon Financial Corporation. The combined entity will form a $24 billion regional banking franchise serving the Northeast with over 145 branch offices, with its common shares trading on the NYSE under the symbol \u201cBBT\u201d. Clients will continue to be served through existing bank brands operating as divisions of Beacon Bank & Trust, with full brand transition and system integration expected by the first quarter of 2026."], ["20250825", "A federal appeals court has reinstated a securities fraud lawsuit against Maiden Holdings, focusing on whether the reinsurer misled institutional investors about significant losses and reserve shortfalls. The case revolves around Maiden's accounting practices related to its largest client, AmTrust Financial Services, and its alleged failure to disclose adverse historical loss data. The Third Circuit Court's decision emphasizes the importance of transparency in financial reporting and the need for thorough disclosure of material information to investors."], ["20250824", "A covering analyst has significantly upgraded their forecasts for Zepp Health Corporation, anticipating greatly increased statutory revenues and earnings per share for 2025. The analyst now predicts revenues of US$237 million and significantly reduced losses of US$0.12 per share, leading to a substantial 389% increase in the consensus price target to US$60.23. The company is expected to see 19% annualized revenue growth, a stark improvement from its past performance, and is predicted to outpace broader industry growth."], ["20250824", "Host Hotels & Resorts is given a \"Hold\" rating due to moderating growth and persistent cost pressures, which limit near-term upside despite solid operational performance. The company maintains a healthy balance sheet with stable yield, but the recent share price rebound has already priced in optimism, suggesting new investments should await a pullback."], ["20250824", "Institutional investors hold a significant 72% stake in Red Violet, Inc. (NASDAQ:RDVT), making them the largest shareholder group and giving them substantial influence over the company's share price. Following a US$57 million increase in market capitalization last week, these institutional shareholders, who have seen a 67% one-year return, were rewarded. The top 15 shareholders collectively own 51% of the company, with BlackRock, Inc. being the largest single institutional investor at 6.5%."], ["20250824", "HUTCHMED (China) Limited announced that Dr. Weiguo Su will take a leave of absence as Chief Executive Officer due to health reasons. Mr. Johnny Cheng, an Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, has been appointed as Acting Chief Executive Officer with immediate effect. The Board expressed full confidence in Mr. Cheng's capabilities to lead the company during this interim period and ensured that all research, development, and commercial initiatives would remain on track."], ["20250824", "Kinsale Capital Group's P/E ratio of 23.8x is high compared to the broader US market, despite the company's strong past earnings growth. However, future analyst estimates project a slower earnings growth of 5.5% annually, which is lower than the broader market's 11%. This disparity suggests that the current high P/E might not be sustainable, and investors could be setting themselves up for disappointment if the stock's valuation adjusts to align with its future growth outlook."], ["20250824", "An insider at CeriBell, Inc. (NASDAQ:CBLL), Joseph Taylor, recently sold US$83k worth of stock at US$11.76 per share, reducing their holding by 11%. This marks the largest insider sale in the last year, suggesting a potential lack of confidence, especially since the sale occurred at a price below the current US$12.06. Despite insiders owning 5.8% of the company, the absence of recent insider purchases and the history of sales warrant caution for potential investors."], ["20250824", "Everest Group Ltd has appointed Laura Hay, former global head of insurance at KPMG, as an independent, non-executive member of its board of directors. Ms. Hay brings over 30 years of leadership experience in insurance, financial services, and advisory work, having overseen 10,000 professionals across 90 countries at KPMG. Her appointment is expected to add significant depth to Everest's board as the company navigates the evolving risk landscape."], ["20250824", "United Rentals (URI) stock climbed over 12% following strong Q2 results and increased guidance, prompting analysts like Argus and KeyBanc to raise price targets. The company announced an additional $400 million in share repurchases, signaling confidence in future growth spurred by macroeconomic trends and strategic expansion. Despite a challenging debt profile, URI's robust profitability and effective management suggest continued upward momentum, establishing a target band between $935-$1,075."], ["20250824", "This article provides technical analysis for ProShares Trust - ProShares UltraShort QQQ Mega (QQDN), including pivot points, technical analysis, and moving averages. It also displays real-time stock data and links to various CMLViz.com services for financial research and tools. The stock QQDN closed at 27.87, up 4.16%."], ["20250824", "The Rosen Law Firm, P.A. announced a proposed class action settlement for purchasers of Compass Minerals International Inc. securities (NYSE: CMP). The settlement, valued at $4,900,000, covers securities purchased from February 8, 2023, through March 26, 2024. A hearing is scheduled for November 18, 2025, to determine the approval of the settlement, distribution plan, and attorneys' fees."], ["20250824", "Johnson Outdoors Inc. shares have seen a significant 26% increase in the last month, contributing to a 12% gain over the full year. Despite this strong performance, the company's price-to-sales (P/S) ratio of 0.8x is in line with the Leisure industry median, suggesting that the market is not assigning a premium. While revenue has shrunk over the past year, future analyst forecasts predict 7.2% growth, which is higher than the broader industry's 2.8%, creating a curious disconnect with its current P/S ratio."], ["20250824", "Finward Bancorp (NASDAQ:FNWD) is preparing for an ex-dividend date around August 29th, with a dividend payment of US$0.12 per share set for September 12th. While the company boasts a low payout ratio of 19%, suggesting dividend sustainability, its earnings per share have declined by approximately 19% annually over the last five years, and the dividend itself has decreased by 7.1% per annum over the past decade. Due to the declining earnings and dividends, the article suggests there might be better investment opportunities."], ["20250824", "Lineage (LINE), a temperature-controlled warehouse owner and operator, has experienced a nearly 60% dip in its stock price over the last year due to economic headwinds. Despite this, the REIT offers a 5.2% dividend yield, which was 154% covered by AFFO in Q2. With an investment-grade \"BBB+\" rating from Fitch Ratings and an attractive 12.2x multiple to its 2025 AFFO guidance, the author views it as a bullish investment."], ["20250824", "Gogo Inc. (NASDAQ:GOGO) has seen its stock price drop by 27% over the last 30 days, though it is still up 50% over the past year. Despite a high price-to-sales (P/S) ratio of 2.2x compared to an industry average of 1.5x, Gogo's strong revenue growth of 73% last year and an anticipated 34% growth in the coming year, significantly outperforming the industry's 4.8% forecast, justifies its valuation. Investors appear confident in the company's future prospects, as reflected by its P/S."], ["20250823", "Vulcan Materials Company, a major American construction materials producer, is engaged in a high-level legal dispute with the Mexican government over the expropriation of its quarry and deep-water port in the Yucatan Peninsula. The Mexican government, under President L\u00f3pez Obrador and subsequently President Sheinbaum, alleges environmental damage and contract violations, while Vulcan has sought over $1.5 billion in compensation and enlisted US congressional support through the proposed Defending American Property Abroad (DAPA) Act of 2025 to protect its interests."], ["20250823", "Bravo Rio Restaurants has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy for the second time in five years, though its three Michigan locations remain open. The company aims to reorganize its debts, which range from $50 million to $100 million, under the supervision of a court-appointed trustee. Despite some closures elsewhere, the chain continues to operate its Bravo! Italian Kitchen and Brio Italian Grille restaurants across the nation."], ["20250823", "QuidelOrtho Corporation has successfully completed a series of transactions to refinance its debt structure, extending maturities and reducing amortization payments. The refinancing includes new Term Loan A and B facilities and a revolving credit facility. This move aims to strengthen the company's capital structure, maintain financial flexibility, and support future growth while prioritizing debt reduction."], ["20250823", "Kingsway Financial Services has acquired Southside Plumbing for up to $6.75 million, marking its 12th acquisition through Kingsway Search Xcelerator. This deal expands Kingsway's Skilled Trades platform with a company generating $4 million in annual revenue, predominantly from commercial clients and recurring business. The acquisition terms include cash, a seller note, and an earn-out, alongside a credit facility to fund future growth."], ["20250823", "JOYY Inc. (NASDAQ:JOYY) shareholders have seen a 79% total shareholder return (TSR) over the last three years, outperforming the market, largely due to dividend payments. The company also achieved a 58% TSR over the last year, indicating an improving short-term performance despite a longer-term loss over the past five years. JOYY became profitable within the last three years, and its improving financial health suggests a potentially brighter future."], ["20250823", "Goldman Sachs' $500 million campus in Dallas is progressing, with the exterior expected to be finished by the end of 2026 and employees moving in by 2028. The investment bank plans to relocate managers from high-cost areas to Dallas, expanding its presence in the city to accommodate over 5,000 workers. Dallas is becoming an \"epicenter for financial activity\" due to its lower cost of living and growing talent base, attracting other major financial institutions despite challenges in rising housing costs."], ["20250823", "Datavault AI (DVLT) has amended its Stock Purchase Agreement with API Media Innovations Inc., removing termination provisions and a financing contingency to expedite the acquisition. While an analyst rates DVLT as a Hold with a $0.50 price target and Spark AI identifies it as Neutral due to financial performance issues, the strategic acquisition is expected to enhance its market position. The company, focused on AI solutions, has a current market cap of $42.41M and a \"Strong Sell\" technical sentiment."], ["20250823", "Crypto investment expert Nate Geraci highlighted a significant shift in ETF inflows, with Spot Ethereum (ETH) ETFs seeing substantial growth while Spot Bitcoin (BTC) ETFs experienced outflows. ETH ETFs recorded $340 million in inflows yesterday and $2.8 billion so far in August, accumulating $8.2 billion since July. In contrast, BTC ETFs faced $1.2 billion in outflows yesterday and $4.8 billion in outflows since July, indicating changing investor sentiment towards Ethereum over Bitcoin."], ["20250823", "The Helicobacter Pylori Infections Treatment Market is projected to grow from USD 731.3 million in 2025 to USD 1,444.0 million by 2035, at a CAGR of 7.0%. Bismuth-quadruple Therapy is expected to dominate treatment types, while hospitals will lead the application segment. North America is anticipated to be the largest market due to rising transmissible diseases and increased awareness, with Europe ranking second in sales volume."], ["20250823", "This article analyzes APA Corporation's stock patterns, highlighting strong near and mid-term sentiment but a weak long-term outlook. It identifies a breakout underway and provides three AI-generated trading strategies with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels for different risk profiles: Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal analysis, showing strong support and resistance levels for various time horizons."], ["20250823", "This article identifies 10 widely held high-yield Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) that analysts believe have significant upside potential. It highlights how REITs, by distributing at least 90% of their taxable income as dividends, offer investors steady income, diversification, and exposure to various property types. The article details three specific REITs\u2014Prologis, American Tower, and Simon Property Group\u2014discussing their market positioning and growth catalysts."], ["20250823", "Allient Inc. (NASDAQ:ALNT) has seen its stock price increase by 7.7% over the past week, making its large institutional owners, who hold 66% of the company, quite pleased. Institutional investors, along with hedge funds and insiders, collectively own a significant majority of the company, influencing its direction. The company's one-year return on investment stands at 125%."], ["20250823", "Akanda Corp. has completed its acquisition of First Towers & Fiber Corp., making the latter a wholly owned subsidiary. The transaction involved an exchange of shares and assumption of debt, strengthening Akanda's position in telecommunications infrastructure. Akanda Corp. continues to pursue its Canadian cannabis development plans alongside its telecommunications business."], ["20250823", "Analysts have raised price targets for KeyCorp (KEY) to between $21 and $22, driven by positive financial forecasts and market sentiment. The company's stock has risen by 4.68%, supported by favorable loan growth, strategic community investments by the KeyBank Foundation, and a robust outlook despite economic uncertainties. Technical analysis suggests a bullish trend, with increased investor confidence and potential entry opportunities for traders."], ["20250823", "This article provides an in-depth financial overview of the YieldMax Ultra Short Option Income Strategy ETF (SLTY), listed on AMEX. It details key statistics such as its AUM of $18.23 million, a dividend yield of 47.78%, and an expense ratio of 1.25%. The fund, established on August 20, 2025, is actively managed and invests in equities, with a current trading price of $29.66."], ["20250823", "UP Fintech (NASDAQ:TIGR) saw its stock jump 13.18% to $12.71 ahead of its second-quarter earnings announcement, scheduled for Wednesday, August 27. This follows a strong first quarter where net income increased by 147% and total revenues grew by 55%. The company, which owns Tiger Brokers, is an online brokerage firm with operations in Singapore, the US, and Hong Kong."], ["20250823", "Canary Capital Group has filed a revised S-1 form with the U.S. SEC for its proposed Canary XRP ETF, aiming to directly track the price of XRP. If approved, this ETF will allow investors to gain exposure to XRP through traditional brokerage accounts without managing crypto wallets or exchanges. This move is seen as a significant step towards mainstream adoption for Ripple\u2019s native coin, despite ongoing SEC delays and the inherent risks associated with crypto investments."], ["20250823", "Elite Express Holding Inc. (ETS), a California-based last-mile delivery service provider, has announced the closing of its initial public offering, raising approximately $15.2 million. The company sold 3,800,000 shares of Class A common stock at $4.00 per share, which began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker \"ETS\" on August 21, 2025. Dominari Securities LLC acted as the representative of the underwriters."], ["20250823", "Catalyst Bank has announced that Candace Papillion has joined their team as a Business Development Officer. Papillion brings over 20 years of experience in the financial industry and will be responsible for developing loan and deposit relationships across the bank's footprint. She has a strong reputation for serving customers and is actively involved in community organizations in Opelousas, LA."], ["20250823", "XTX Topco Ltd has significantly increased its stake in Arvinas, Inc. (NASDAQ:ARVN) by 194.2% in the first quarter, now holding shares valued at $549,000. This comes as Arvinas, a clinical-stage biotechnology company focusing on PROTAC degraders, has reached a milestone with the U.S. FDA reviewing the marketing application for its co-developed drug, Vepdegestrant, targeting advanced breast cancer. The company maintains a strong balance sheet and is advancing its pipeline of innovative programs."], ["20250823", "Dominari Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:DOMH) shares have seen a significant 26% increase in the last month and a 298% increase over the last year. Despite this price surge, the company's low price-to-sales (P/S) ratio of 1.9x suggests investors are not anticipating strong growth, especially when compared to the industry average. This low P/S is attributed to the expectation that Dominari Holdings' strong recent revenue performance will degrade, and its medium-term revenue growth has been mixed and trails industry forecasts."], ["20250823", "Generation Income Properties (GIPR) has received a Nasdaq delisting notice due to non-compliance with the minimum stockholders' equity requirement. The company has until October 3, 2025, to submit a compliance plan, and failure to comply could result in delisting. Analysts currently rate GIPR as a Sell, citing poor financial performance and weak technical indicators."], ["20250823", "This article details the ownership structure of Polibeli Group Ltd (NasdaqGM:PLBL), highlighting that individual insiders own the vast majority (96.8%) of shares, with Wei Wang being the largest shareholder. It also provides a breakdown of institutional and general public ownership, alongside information on recent insider trading volume, noting insufficient data for recent insider buying. The report emphasizes that top shareholders collectively own 97.74% of the company."], ["20250823", "Pintec Technology Holdings (PT) announced that its chairman, Mr. Jun Dong, increased his beneficial ownership and voting power, now holding 9.4% of outstanding shares and 60.2% of voting power following a share transfer. Despite this, TipRanks' AI Analyst, Spark, rates PT as an \"Underperform\" due to poor financial performance, declining revenues, and persistent losses. The company operates in the financial technology industry, focusing on enhancing financial services efficiency."], ["20250823", "The U.S. government, under President Donald Trump, will acquire a 9.9% equity stake in Intel for $8.9 billion, converting government grants from the CHIPS Act and the Secure Enclave program into an ownership share. This move, aiming to bolster Intel's struggling foundry business and ensure domestic chip production, reflects a growing trend of unusual government intervention in corporate America. The deal comes after previous tensions between Trump and Intel CEO Lip-Bu Tan, and analysts question if the cash infusion will be enough to help Intel catch up to competitors like TSMC and Nvidia."], ["20250823", "This article analyzes the fair value of Perma-Pipe International Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PPIH) using a 2-stage Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) model. It estimates the fair value at US$33.97, suggesting the current share price of US$30.38 is potentially trading close to its fair value, with an implied 11% discount. The analysis details the assumptions behind the DCF model, including free cash flow forecasts and discount rates, and includes a SWOT analysis for the company."], ["20250822", "Elite Express Holding Inc., a California-based provider of last-mile delivery services, announced the closing of its initial public offering, raising approximately $15.2 million. The company sold 3,800,000 shares of Class A common stock at $4.00 per share and has granted underwriters a 45-day option for an additional 570,000 shares. Its shares began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol \"ETS\" on August 21, 2025."], ["20250822", "CleanCore Solutions, Inc. reported record revenue for its fiscal fourth quarter and full year 2025, with fourth-quarter U.S. revenue exceeding $1.1 million, marking its first quarter above $1 million in sales. The company achieved approximately $2.07 million in revenue for the full fiscal year and strengthened its capital structure through debt-to-equity conversions and warrant exercises. These results reflect accelerating adoption of their aqueous ozone cleaning systems and provide momentum for fiscal 2026."], ["20250822", "This page provides the latest stock price, analysis, news, and trading ideas for BAIG: Leverage Shares 2X Long BBAI Daily ETF. It includes current stock data such as volume, 52-week high/low, 50-day moving average, and previous close. The page also features trending tickers and discussions, and lists prominent financial creators."], ["20250822", "VanEck and Jito have jointly filed for the first liquid staking-backed Solana ETF, which, if approved, will be fully backed by Jito's Solana liquid staking token, JitoSOL. This initiative aims to bridge DeFi innovation with traditional finance accessibility by combining Solana exposure with staking rewards in a regulated investment vehicle. The filing follows a recent SEC guidance clarification that liquid staking activities, when properly structured, do not constitute securities transactions, removing a significant regulatory hurdle."], ["20250822", "ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc. reported interim results where revenues were in line with predictions, but EPS missed statutory estimates by 17%. Following this, analysts have become more bearish, lowering their revenue and earnings per share forecasts for 2025. Despite the downgrades, the consensus price target remained unchanged, and the company is still expected to grow faster than the wider industry."], ["20250822", "Iovance Biotherapeutics granted inducement stock options for 182,370 shares to 20 new non-executive employees, with an exercise price of $2.54 per share. These options, vesting over three years, are part of the company's Amended and Restated 2021 Inducement Plan to attract and retain talent in developing innovative cancer therapies. While this move aims to align employee interests with company performance, it may also raise concerns about potential share dilution for existing shareholders."], ["20250822", "Cantor Equity Partners IV, Inc. (CEPF) completed its initial public offering of 45 million Class A ordinary shares at $10.00 per share, raising $450 million. The shares began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol \"CEPF\" on August 21, 2025. The company is a blank check company sponsored by Cantor Fitzgerald, aiming for mergers, acquisitions, or similar business combinations, with a focus on industries like financial services, digital assets, healthcare, and technology."], ["20250822", "Top KingWin (NASDAQ: WAI) received a delisting notice from Nasdaq on August 18, 2025, for failing to maintain a minimum bid price of $1 for 30 consecutive business days. The company is not eligible for the standard 180-day compliance period due to a prior reverse stock split in May 2025 but plans to appeal the delisting by August 25, 2025, and has secured shareholder approval for another reverse stock split to regain compliance. If the appeal is unsuccessful or not filed, trading will be suspended on August 27, 2025."], ["20250822", "VanEck has filed an application with the U.S. SEC for an exchange-traded fund that tracks the price of JitoSOL, a liquid-staking Solana token. This move comes after regulators clarified that liquid staking tokens are not securities, paving the way for their inclusion in ETF products. The JitoSOL ETF aims to offer high yields through staking rewards and is the first proposed spot Solana ETF to be 100% backed by a liquid-staking token."], ["20250822", "Asset manager VanEck has filed with the SEC to launch the VanEck JitoSOL ETF, which would hold JitoSOL, a liquid staking token for the Solana blockchain. If approved, this would be the first U.S. ETF fully backed by a liquid staking token, offering regulated exposure to Solana staking rewards. The filing highlights growing institutional interest in decentralized finance yield strategies and tests the SEC's stance on staking-based investment products, with the timeline for approval remaining uncertain."], ["20250822", "Sherwin-Williams reported Q2 2025 financial results, showing a slight increase in net sales to $6.31 billion, primarily driven by its paint store group and price increases. Despite this, net income decreased by 15.2% to $754 million, prompting the company to revise its full-year 2025 financial guidance to anticipate low single-digit growth or decline. The CEO noted a \"choppy\" demand environment, but highlighted 12 consecutive quarters of gross margin expansion."], ["20250822", "Ralph Lauren anticipates that its strong revenue growth will decelerate in the latter half of the fiscal year ending March 2026, primarily due to softening consumer spending in the US. Despite this cautious outlook, the company still projects low-single-digit percentage revenue growth, supported by diversified supply chains, operational discipline, and a strong balance sheet. The brand has recently outperformed competitors by focusing on higher-end items and reducing discounts, which has boosted profitability."], ["20250822", "VanEck has announced its plan to convert the VanEck Emerging Markets Bond Fund from a traditional open-end mutual fund into an actively managed ETF, expected by October 6, 2025. This conversion aims to provide investors with greater transparency, intraday liquidity, and efficiency for this strategy, which has outperformed its benchmark over the past five years. The investment team, led by Eric Fine, will continue to manage the fund with the same high-conviction approach."], ["20250822", "The US IPO market is set to conclude August on a quiet note with no IPOs currently scheduled for the coming week, despite it being the busiest August for IPOs since 2020. Most significant IPOs are anticipated to launch after the Labor Day holiday in September. Companies like StubHub, Klarna, and Gemini are potential candidates for upcoming launches, while street research and lock-up expirations are expected for several firms."], ["20250822", "Intel has agreed to sell an $8.9 billion stake in its company to the U.S. government, with nearly $6 billion funded by previously awarded CHIPS and Science Act grants. This move, championed by President Trump, aims to boost U.S. chip manufacturing and reflects Intel's current financial struggles and need for capital. The deal has drawn criticism from some U.S. Senators who view it as corporate extortion."], ["20250822", "Pinnacle Financial Partners and Synovus Financial Corp. have announced their executive leadership team for their impending merger, anticipated to finalize in Q1 2026. Kevin Blair will lead as president and CEO of the combined entity under the Pinnacle brand, with current Pinnacle CEO Terry Turner transitioning to non-executive chairman. The new team will focus on corporate functions, growth, technology, and client services, combining Pinnacle's growth model with Synovus' scale and technology investments."], ["20250822", "Shares of PROG, Walker & Dunlop, Rocket Companies, Ready Capital, and PennyMac Financial Services surged after Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell delivered dovish remarks at the Jackson Hole symposium. Powell's comments, suggesting potential interest rate cuts due to moderating inflation and low unemployment, eased market concerns and boosted investor confidence. This led to a broad market rally, particularly impacting the aforementioned specialty finance and thrifts & mortgage finance companies."], ["20250822", "Billionaires Thomas Kaplan and John Paulson, leaders of Novagold Resources Inc. and Paulson Advisors LLC, respectively, visited Alaska to meet with state officials and local residents regarding the development of the Donlin Gold project. Following Paulson Advisors' acquisition of Barrick Gold's interest, the restructured partnership is now focused on advancing Donlin Gold, potentially the largest gold mine in the U.S., with a commitment to responsible development and collaboration with local stakeholders and Alaska Native Corporations. The visit underscored the renewed momentum for a mine development decision, supported by recent drilling results indicating significant resource upgrades."], ["20250822", "The Delaware Court of Chancery has postponed its ruling on Marsh & McLennan Cos. Inc.'s request for a temporary restraining order (TRO) against Howden. This delay is due to an ongoing dispute concerning client and staff recruitment, with the court awaiting developments from a related federal lawsuit in New York. The Delaware court criticized Marsh for not disclosing the potential for conflicting rulings across jurisdictions, emphasizing the need for visibility into the New York court's decisions before proceeding."], ["20250822", "Trophy Signature Homes, a subsidiary of Green Brick Partners, Inc., has been recognized for the fourth consecutive year as one of the Best Places to Work by the Dallas Business Journal, and previously by the Dallas Morning News. This ongoing recognition highlights the company's commitment to employee satisfaction through competitive compensation, professional development, and a collaborative culture. The company's focus on its \"people-first philosophy\" is credited for contributing to better outcomes for homeowners and attracting top talent in the competitive construction market."], ["20250822", "Safe Pro Group Inc., a leader in AI-powered defense and security solutions, has closed an $8 million private placement. The funding was led by Ondas Holdings and Unusual Machines and will be used to commercialize their patented AI technologies, specifically the Safe Pro Object Threat Detection (SPOTD) and the new Navigation Observation Detection Engine (NODE). This investment aims to advance AI-powered threat detection, leveraging drone technology and machine learning to identify explosive threats and enhance situational awareness for government, law enforcement, and humanitarian sectors."], ["20250822", "Solana (SOL) and XRP are gaining momentum as potential spot ETF approvals loom and their respective use cases for high transaction speeds and cross-border payments become more recognized. BlackRock's move to launch its BUIDL money-market fund on the Solana blockchain has bolstered investor confidence in SOL, while XRP's established role in efficient international transfers and its recent SEC ruling as a commodity contribute to its rising appeal. The article also highlights the emergence of new crypto futures and diversified crypto basket ETFs as avenues for investors."], ["20250822", "Evertec Inc. has announced an agreement to acquire a 75% stake in the Brazilian financial technology company, Tecnobank, for approximately $144 million. This acquisition, pending regulatory approval and expected to close in Q4 of this year, will further expand Evertec's presence and fintech service offerings in Brazil. Tecnobank specializes in vehicle financing registration systems, and this deal marks Evertec's third acquisition in Brazil, strengthening its position in Latin America's largest economy."], ["20250822", "This article highlights three US stocks\u2014Tenable Holdings (TENB), Blend Labs (BLND), and On Holding (ONON)\u2014that are estimated to be trading significantly below their intrinsic values, ranging from 11.8% to 45.7%. Following the Federal Reserve's indication of potential interest rate cuts, these companies are presented as compelling opportunities for investors focusing on fundamental analysis and long-term growth. The article details each company's operations, estimated discount to fair value, and future growth prospects based on cash flow analysis."], ["20250822", "Charles River Laboratories is investing $13 million to expand its operations in Charleston, South Carolina. This expansion involves building a new cleanroom and installing automated equipment to produce cartridges for its portable testing systems. The company, which was previously involved in a lawsuit regarding its harvesting of horseshoe crab blood, has agreed to cease this practice in specific South Carolina locations until 2028."], ["20250822", "This Simply Wall St report provides a stock analysis for Empro Group Inc. (Nasdaq:EMPG), a company selling healthcare and beauty products internationally. It highlights that Empro Group became profitable this year, with a market cap of US$144.6 million, but notes risks such as high non-cash earnings and illiquid shares. The report covers valuation, future growth, past performance, financial health, dividends, management, and ownership, indicating that the stock is currently considered 51.1% overvalued based on its current price of US$17.36."], ["20250822", "Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check, LLP announced that a securities class action lawsuit has been filed against Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ: CHTR). The lawsuit is on behalf of investors who purchased or acquired Charter securities between July 26, 2024, and July 24, 2025. The complaint alleges that Charter made misleading statements regarding the impact of the Affordable Connectivity Program's cancellation and failed to disclose its negative effects on internet customer declines and revenue."], ["20250822", "Cboe Canada and Purpose Investments Inc. have launched Canada's first suite of single-stock focused ETFs, the Purpose Canadian Yield Shares, which are designed to provide monthly tax-efficient income and targeted exposure to leading Canadian companies. These 10 new ETFs offer investors a new way to generate higher monthly income from blue-chip Canadian stocks like RBC, Enbridge, and TD, while still participating in their long-term growth. This initiative marks a significant expansion of investment options available on Cboe Canada, reinforcing its role as a hub for innovative ETF products."], ["20250822", "Broadridge Financial Solutions (BR) has secured a $750 million term credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, maturing in three years. The funds will be used to repay existing debts and for general corporate purposes. Analysts maintain a \"Buy\" rating on the stock with a $280 price target, and TipRanks' AI Analyst also rates BR as \"Outperform\" due to its strong financial performance and recurring revenue."], ["20250822", "Argo Blockchain (LON:ARB) announced it failed to make a scheduled interest payment on its outstanding bonds due July 31, 2025, with a grace period ending August 30, 2025. The company is pursuing a recapitalization plan, which involves ongoing negotiations for a loan with Growler and a High Court sanction process expected in late 2025. If the plan is not consummated, Argo may pursue formal insolvency processes in the UK, US, and Canada."], ["20250822", "Argo Blockchain plc provided an update on its proposed recapitalization plan, which was initially announced on June 30, 2025. The plan involves ongoing negotiations with Growler Mining, LLC for a senior secured multi-draw term loan, which has not yet been executed or funded. The recapitalization aims to resolve Argo's short and medium-term capital needs, with key milestones including Court hearings in late October 2025 and a projected effective date in early- to mid-December 2025, which would result in Growler owning at least 80% of the Company's shares and existing shareholders being diluted."], ["20250822", "Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP has initiated an investigation into C3.ai, Inc. (NYSE: AI) concerning potential violations of U.S. federal securities laws. This follows C3.ai's announcement of disappointing Q1 fiscal year 2026 financial results and a subsequent drop in stock price by over 25%. The law firm encourages investors who suffered losses and potential witnesses to come forward with information."], ["20250822", "Aeva Technologies (AEVA) reported record second-quarter 2025 revenues of $5.5 million, marking a significant sequential jump and exceeding expectations, driven by increased product shipments and development program revenues. The company raised its full-year growth forecast to 100-110% revenue increase, supported by demand in automotive and industrial sectors, and anticipates much larger contracts for future growth. While its stock has seen substantial gains, AEVA trades at a high forward price-to-sales ratio and currently holds a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell)."], ["20250822", "UBS analyst Polo Tang has maintained a Buy rating on SUNRISE COMMUNICATIONS AG (SNNRF.US), increasing the target price from $61.89 to $63.61. This adjustment reflects the analyst's positive outlook, with a reported success rate of 64.4% and an average return of 5.5% over the past year according to TipRanks data. Investors are advised that this information is for educational purposes and not an investment recommendation."], ["20250822", "Elite Express Holding Inc. (ETS) announced the closing of its initial public offering, raising approximately $15.2 million from the sale of 3,800,000 shares of Class A common stock at $4.00 per share. The company, which provides last-mile delivery services, began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol \"ETS\" on August 21, 2025. Dominari Securities LLC acted as the representative of the underwriters for the offering."], ["20250822", "This article provides a stock quote and news headlines for Portman Ridge Finance Corporation (PTMN). It includes current trading information, dividend yield, performance data, and a list of recent press releases and financial results announcements, highlighting merger activities and shareholder investigations. The information indicates a last price of $12.27 and a dividend yield of 15.97%."], ["20250822", "Fintech firm Jack Henry has settled a 401(k) lawsuit for $1.6 million. The article mentions this settlement along with other financial news regarding hedge funds, EU-India trade pacts, exchange-traded funds, and pension funds."], ["20250822", "New Fortress Energy Inc. (NFE) announced it received a notice from Nasdaq regarding non-compliance with listing rules, as the company has not yet filed its Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2025. NFE is working to finalize the filing and expects to submit it well before the deadline for a compliance plan. The notice does not immediately impact the trading of NFE's securities, but failure to regain compliance could lead to delisting."], ["20250822", "Broadway Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:BYFC) received a Nasdaq non-compliance notice for failing to file its quarterly report (Form 10-Q) for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, on time. The company has 60 days to submit a compliance plan and expects to file the report promptly. This follows a previous non-compliance notice for a similar delay in filing the March 31, 2025, quarterly report, and the resignation of a director, William A. Longbrake, effective June 30, 2025."], ["20250822", "Cantor Equity Partners IV, Inc. (NASDAQ:CEPF) successfully completed its initial public offering, raising $450 million by selling 45 million Class A ordinary shares at $10.00 each, including an overallotment option. The blank check company, sponsored by Cantor Fitzgerald, began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the ticker \"CEPF\" and intends to use the capital for business combinations, focusing on sectors like financial services and technology."], ["20250822", "Northrim BanCorp, Inc. announced that Joe Schierhorn will retire as Chairman of the Board effective December 31, 2025. Mike Huston, the current President & CEO, will succeed Schierhorn as Chairman of the Board for both Northrim Bank and the Company starting January 1, 2026. Schierhorn has been a charter employee of Northrim Bank since 1990 and has served as Chairman of the Board since 2018."], ["20250822", "Northrim BanCorp Inc. (NASDAQ: NRIM) announced a 4-for-1 forward stock split to enhance liquidity, make shares more accessible to retail investors, and support increased trading activity. Shareholders will receive three additional shares for each share held, with trading on a post-split basis expected to begin on September 23, 2025. This split will increase outstanding common stock from approximately 5.5 million to 22.0 million shares and proportionally adjust stock options and authorized shares."], ["20250822", "Movano Health (Nasdaq: MOVE) announced it received a notice from Nasdaq regarding its delayed filing of the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. The company had a hearing with the Nasdaq Hearing Panel on August 19, 2025, to appeal a delisting determination and presented a plan to regain compliance with filing requirements and the minimum bid price requirement. There is no assurance that the Panel will grant its request for a stay or that the company will regain compliance."], ["20250822", "enCore Energy Corp. announced the closing of an upsized $115 million offering of 5.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030, including the full exercise of a $15 million option. The net proceeds of approximately $109.8 million will be used partly to pay for capped call transactions and repay outstanding loan amounts, with the remainder for general corporate purposes. The initial conversion price for the notes is $3.2895 per common share, representing a 27.5% premium over the last reported sale price."], ["20250822", "Broadway Financial Corporation received a non-compliance notice from Nasdaq on August 21, 2025, for failing to timely file its Q2 2025 Form 10-Q due to needing additional time to evaluate participation agreements for accounting compliance. Nasdaq has given the company 60 calendar days to submit a compliance plan, with a potential extension until February 16, 2026, to file the overdue report. While there is no immediate impact on its Nasdaq listing, the company aims to file the Form 10-Q before the 60-day deadline for the compliance plan."], ["20250822", "Top Win International has rebranded as AsiaStrategy (Nasdaq: SORA) and will now accept Bitcoin for payments in its luxury watch business, effective August 22, 2025. This strategic move aims to position the company as a digitally-enabled luxury brand, combining traditional retail with innovative digital payment solutions. The company also announced plans to further venture into the Web3 ecosystem and digital assets."], ["20250822", "Crypto ETF issuers are vigorously filing new product proposals, including active and leveraged funds, in anticipation of regulatory clarity and increased institutional demand. This surge aims to provide diverse access points for investors seeking crypto exposure beyond just Bitcoin and Ethereum, encompassing a wide range of digital assets and investment strategies. The expectation is that financial advisors will become major buyers of these ETFs once the market matures and offers more diversified, index-based products."], ["20250822", "Dominari Holdings Inc. announced that its board of directors has authorized a special cash dividend of approximately $5 million, or $0.22 per share. The dividend is expected to be payable around September 26, 2025, to shareholders and certain warrant holders of record as of September 3, 2025. The company is a holding company engaged in wealth management, investment banking, sales and trading, and asset management, also seeking opportunities in AI and Data Center sectors."], ["20250822", "Polibeli Group (Nasdaq:PLBL) provides digital supply chain and distribution-sales services globally. The company currently has a market capitalization of US$2.6 billion, with its stock price at US$7.04. The analysis highlights negative shareholders' equity, declining revenue, and a volatile share price, with the company underperforming both its industry and the broader US market over the past year."], ["20250822", "Lazard Global Total Return and Income Fund (NYSE:LGI) has confirmed a monthly distribution of $0.14646 per share, payable on September 22, 2025, to shareholders of record on September 11, 2025. The fund also released estimated sources of the distribution, indicating that 75% comes from net realized long-term capital gains for the current distribution and that a portion of the distribution may be a return of capital. Investors are advised that these are estimates and not for tax reporting purposes, and they should not deduce investment performance from distribution amounts."], ["20250822", "Shares of several regional banks, including East West Bank, CVB Financial, Frost Bank, Comerica, and Coastal Financial, surged following dovish remarks from Fed Chair Jerome Powell at the Jackson Hole symposium, suggesting potential interest rate cuts. This news, which eased concerns about prolonged high interest rates, led to a broad market rally. Coastal Financial, in particular, also benefited from recent strategic executive appointments aimed at bolstering its digital banking and community-focused initiatives."], ["20250822", "CareDx Inc. has agreed to a $20.25 million securities class action settlement for consumers who purchased common stock between May 1, 2020, and Nov. 3, 2022, and suffered damages. The lawsuit alleged the company made misrepresentations and omissions about compliance with laws and revenue disclosures, causing artificial inflation of its stock price. Eligible class members can claim a pro rata cash payment, with a claim deadline of Nov. 12, 2025."], ["20250822", "J.B. Hunt Transport Services Inc. has promoted Brad Delco to chief financial officer and executive vice president of finance, effective September 1. Delco, who joined the company in 2019, will succeed John Kuhlow, who will transition to chief accounting officer. This leadership change aims to align strengths for continued operational excellence, cost discipline, and shareholder value."], ["20250822", "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway has significantly increased its stake in Constellation Brands (STZ), an alcoholic beverage producer, reflecting a move into defensive consumer staples as the tech market sells off. Constellation Brands, with strong global growth projections for alcoholic beverages, is seen as a value investment due to its recent stock underperformance, consistent dividend growth, healthy financials, and promising technical setup. Analysts project substantial upside for the stock, aligning with Buffett's value investing strategy."], ["20250822", "Ventas (NYSE: VTR) is reportedly acquiring a six-community senior living portfolio on Long Island, New York, for $600 million from Harrison Street and B2K Development. B2K will continue operating the communities under Ventas with performance incentives. This acquisition aligns with Ventas's recent optimism and increased investment guidance for 2025, having already deployed about $3 billion into senior living holdings since early 2024."], ["20250822", "Workday Inc.'s stock experienced a 13% drop since the beginning of the year despite beating second-quarter earnings expectations. The company reported EPS of $2.21, surpassing the $2.11 consensus, and revenue of $2.35 billion, slightly above the $2.34 billion estimate. This downturn reflects ongoing investor concerns about a \"difficult selling environment\" in the software industry."], ["20250822", "This article provides detailed information on the BAIG Stock Fund, also known as Leverage Shares 2X Long BBAI Daily ETF. It covers key financial metrics like price, NAV, AUM, and expense ratio, along with an overview of its investment strategy which involves using swap agreements and options to gain leveraged exposure to BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. The fund is highlighted as a high-risk, short-term tactical product designed for daily rebalancing, not long-term investment."], ["20250822", "Gentex Corporation has announced a quarterly cash dividend of $0.12 per share, payable on October 22, 2025, to shareholders of record as of October 8, 2025. This move highlights the company's commitment to returning value to shareholders, though some analysts suggest it could signal limited growth potential. The article also provides detailed insider trading activity, hedge fund movements, analyst ratings, and price targets for GNTX."], ["20250822", "Safe & Green Holdings Corp. announced a virtual special meeting of stockholders on August 25, 2025, at 10 AM EST. The agenda includes proposals to authorize a reverse stock split to regain Nasdaq compliance and attract institutional investors, authorize the issuance of Conversion Shares as per Series B Preferred Stock, and approve potential adjournments to solicit additional proxies. Stockholders of record as of July 11, 2025, are eligible to vote."], ["20250822", "Coastal Financial Corp's stock reached an all-time high of $109.0, driven by strong investor confidence and 107.27% 1-year return. Despite this milestone, the company recently reported Q2 earnings and revenue below analyst expectations and expanded its leadership team with four new executives."], ["20250822", "LQR House announced a strategic collaboration with TikTok through its subsidiary YHC Online Ltd. to develop, manage, and monetize creator-led content, aiming to accelerate revenue growth and enhance media monetization. Concurrently, the company appointed Board Member Yilin Lu as President to oversee global growth, focusing on digital infrastructure, capital markets, and media monetization. This move signifies LQR House's expansion into the digital media and creator economy, leveraging TikTok's influence and building a vertically integrated digital marketing operation."], ["20250822", "Pomerantz LLP is investigating potential securities fraud claims against Duolingo, Inc. (NASDAQ: DUOL) on behalf of investors. This investigation follows a drop in Duolingo's stock price after JMP Securities lowered its price target due to concerns about decelerating daily active user growth, ahead of the company's second-quarter earnings report. Investors are encouraged to contact Pomerantz LLP to inquire about joining a potential class action lawsuit."], ["20250822", "TROOPS, Inc., through its subsidiary Giant Connection Limited, has acquired a 49% stake in BLUE POOL VENTURES LIMITED, an insurance brokerage business, for HK$11,833,500. This acquisition includes a put option to purchase the remaining shares over five years, signaling TROOPS' strategic expansion in the insurance market. The company, listed on NASDAQ under the ticker TROO, aims to strengthen its market presence in the financial industry."], ["20250822", "South Korea's top financial institutions, Shinhan, Hana, Woori, and KB Financial, are reportedly meeting with stablecoin issuers Tether and Circle. The discussions center on exploring partnerships for distributing dollar-pegged stablecoins and the potential issuance of a won-based stablecoin. These moves align with President Lee Jae Myung's pro-crypto agenda to establish a stablecoin market in the country."], ["20250822", "PPL Corporation declared a quarterly common stock dividend of $0.2725 per share, payable on October 1, 2025. The dividend is for shareowners of record as of September 10, 2025. PPL Corporation is a leading U.S. energy company headquartered in Allentown, Pennsylvania."], ["20250822", "Brazil Potash Corp. has finalized a 10-year take-or-pay offtake agreement with Keytrade Fertilizantes Brasil Ltda. for up to 900,000 tpy of potash from its Autazes Potash Project. This agreement, combined with an existing one, secures binding commitments for approximately 1.45 million tonnes of annual production, representing about 60% of their planned output. The deal provides crucial revenue certainty for project financing and strengthens Brazil's agricultural self-sufficiency."], ["20250822", "Horizon Bancorp, Inc. announced the closing of its underwritten public offering of 7,138,050 shares of common stock, including shares from the underwriters' exercised option, at $14.50 per share. The offering generated approximately $103.5 million in gross proceeds, which Horizon plans to use for general corporate purposes, including balance sheet repositioning. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. and Performance Trust Capital Partners, LLC acted as joint book-running managers for the offering."], ["20250822", "LendingTree, Inc. announced the successful closing of a new $475 million credit facility, comprising a $400 million Term Loan B and a $75 million revolving credit facility. This new financing replaces existing debt, aiming to reduce interest expenses, eliminate restrictive covenants, and provide greater operating flexibility. The company expects these changes to strengthen its financial foundation, support business growth, and enhance shareholder value."], ["20250822", "Hudson Global, Inc. and Star Equity Holdings, Inc. have completed their merger, creating a larger, diversified holding company. The combined entity aims to leverage increased size, diversified revenue streams, and improved profitability, targeting pro-forma annualized revenues of $210 million. Hudson Global's common stock will continue to trade as \"HSON,\" with its preferred stock trading as \"HSONP\" starting August 22, 2025, and the company expects to change its name and ticker symbols to \"STRR\" and \"STRRP\" in the coming weeks."], ["20250822", "AYRO, Inc. has officially changed its name to StableX Technologies, Inc. and its stock ticker to SBLX, effective August 25, 2025. This change reflects its strategic pivot towards investments in the stablecoin industry under the leadership of Josh Silverman and James Altucher. The company aims to build a diversified portfolio of stablecoin-related assets and platforms, with the first investment announcement expected soon."], ["20250822", "Cantor Equity Partners IV, Inc. (CEPF) is a SPAC sponsored by Cantor Fitzgerald, which raised $450 million in its IPO by selling 45,000,000 Class A ordinary shares at $10.00 each. The company operates as a blank check company, meaning it does not have an operating business but seeks to merge with or acquire another business in sectors such as financial services, digital assets, healthcare, real estate, technology, and software. Its capital is held in a U.S.-based trust account, and its stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the ticker CEPF, with an aim to leverage its management team's expertise in identified target sectors."], ["20250822", "Hyperscale Data (NYSE American: GPUS) has reaffirmed its full-year 2025 revenue guidance of $125 million to $135 million, following court approval of Gresham Worldwide's Chapter 11 reorganization plan. Gresham Worldwide, the company's defense affiliate, is expected to emerge from bankruptcy on October 1, 2025, and contribute approximately $40 million in annualized revenue. The company also anticipates growth from its high-margin software platforms, including blockchain infrastructure and tokenization solutions, while its Michigan data center initiatives are not expected to significantly impact 2025 revenue."], ["20250822", "State Street has become the first third-party custodian to join J.P. Morgan's Digital Debt Service, expanding institutional access to blockchain-based debt securities through a $100 million commercial paper transaction. This integration allows State Street to manage depository records for tokenized debt securities via a digital wallet, leveraging J.P. Morgan's Kinexys Digital Assets platform. The collaboration aims to provide a fully integrated front-, middle-, and back-office solution built on blockchain technology, advancing the digital transformation in fixed income markets."], ["20250822", "Xos, Inc. has appointed automotive veteran John F. Smith to its Board of Directors, effective August 18, 2025. Smith, a former General Motors Group Vice President, brings extensive experience in global automotive strategy, alliances, and supply-chain leadership to Xos. His appointment increases the Board to nine directors and is expected to support Xos's scaling of MDXT production, expansion of Xos Hub deployments, and collaborations with strategic partners."], ["20250822", "Akanda Corp. announced a 1-for-3.125 reverse stock split of its common shares, effective August 26, 2025, approved by shareholders and its Board of Directors. This action will reduce the number of outstanding common shares from approximately 2.27 million to 728,000, affecting all shareholders uniformly while maintaining their percentage interest. Fractional shares will be rounded down, and stockholders are not required to take action if shares are held in book-entry form or through a nominee."], ["20250822", "AirNet Technology (NASDAQ: ANTE) has announced a registered direct offering of 80,826,225 ordinary shares and accompanying warrants, aiming to raise approximately $180.0 million. The shares are priced at $2.227 per share, with warrants exercisable at $3.3405 for five years. The proceeds are designated for general corporate and working capital, with the offering expected to close around August 27, 2025."], ["20250822", "Aegon, the Bermudian-domiciled insurance giant, reported a strong first-half profit in 2025 and announced a review into potentially moving its headquarters from Europe to the United States. The move is being considered because the US now accounts for approximately 70 percent of Aegon's operations and is central to its growth strategy. This review comes less than two years after Aegon shifted its legal domicile to Bermuda."], ["20250822", "NEOS Investments has announced its August 2025 monthly distribution amounts for its suite of ETFs, which focus on providing monthly income and tax efficiency. The announcement includes detailed distribution rates, amounts per share, and 30-day SEC yields for various ETFs including Bitcoin, Russell 2000, Nasdaq-100, Gold, and S&P 500 High Income ETFs. The article also provides average annual returns as of June 30, 2025, and information about NEOS Investments' approach to options-based ETFs."], ["20250822", "This ETF guide provides a detailed profile of the YieldMax Ultra Short Option Income Strategy ETF (SLTY), including its stock quote, holdings, financial data, and performance metrics. It offers insights into the ETF's expense ratio, inception date, asset under management, and trading data, along with comparisons to alternative ETFs. The report also covers holdiings analysis, dividend information, fund flows, and technical indicators for potential investors."], ["20250822", "Bread Financial Holdings, Inc. announced the expiration and results of its cash tender offers for its 9.750% Senior Notes due 2029 and 8.375% Fixed-Rate Reset Subordinated Notes due 2035. The company details the aggregate principal amount tendered for each series of notes and the total consideration offered to note holders. The news release also includes important cautionary statements regarding forward-looking language and potential risks."], ["20250822", "Terra Innovatum has achieved significant progress in the licensing process for its SOLO Micro-Modular Reactor (SOLO MMR) with the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC). The company has submitted comprehensive design and safety documentation, including a Principal Design Criteria (PDC) topical report, which the NRC has accepted for evaluation. This advancement, detailed in a formal letter from the NRC, marks a crucial step toward the commercialization and deployment of the SOLO MMR as a sustainable energy solution."], ["20250822", "The abrdn World Healthcare Fund (NYSE:THW) offers a compelling investment opportunity with a 12% dividend yield, diversified exposure to the global health-care sector, and a strong technical setup. The fund provides consistent monthly income, having paid $0.117 per share every month since February 2016, and appears to be on the cusp of a price breakout, trading above its 50-week and 200-week moving averages. While investing in health care can be complex, THW allows investors to benefit from the sector's growth without betting on individual companies."], ["20250822", "Bronstein, Gewirtz and Grossman, LLC has announced a class action lawsuit against Flywire Corporation (NASDAQ:FLYWI) and its officers. The lawsuit alleges that Flywire made materially false and misleading statements regarding its business, operations, and prospects between February 28, 2024, and February 25, 2025. Investors who suffered losses are encouraged to join the lawsuit and have until September 23, 2025, to request to be appointed as lead plaintiff."], ["20250822", "Top Win International Limited (Nasdaq: SORA) has officially changed its corporate name to AsiaStrategy, effective on Nasdaq under the ticker SORA. This rebrand signals a new strategic direction for the company, which will also begin accepting Bitcoin as payment for its luxury watch business. The move reinforces AsiaStrategy's commitment to innovation and integrating digital assets into consumer transactions, marking its evolution into a forward-looking, digitally-enabled luxury brand."], ["20250822", "Cenovus Energy Inc. announced a definitive arrangement agreement to acquire MEG Energy Corp. in a cash and stock transaction valued at $7.9 billion, inclusive of assumed debt. The acquisition aims to reinforce Cenovus's position as a leading SAGD oil sands producer, bringing together significant oil sands production and unlocking over $400 million of annual synergies by 2028. Cenovus has secured fully committed financing and plans to adjust its shareholder returns framework to balance deleveraging with meaningful shareholder returns."], ["20250822", "Portman Ridge Finance (NASDAQ: PTMN) has announced that its name change to BCP Investment will become effective after market close on Friday, August 22. Consequently, the company's shares of common stock will cease to trade under the old name starting August 25. This change was communicated in an SEC filing on Thursday."], ["20250822", "Ming Shing Group Holdings, a Hong Kong-based construction service provider, has announced its intention to acquire 4,250 Bitcoin valued at $483 million through a share sale to Winning Mission Group. This acquisition would position Ming Shing as Hong Kong\u2019s largest corporate Bitcoin holder, surpassing Buyaa Interactive. The move reflects a growing trend of public companies adopting Bitcoin as a treasury asset, despite initial market volatility in Ming Shing's stock and the company's prior financial stresses."], ["20250822", "Elite Express Holding Inc. (NASDAQ:ETS), a California-based last-mile delivery provider, has successfully completed its Initial Public Offering, raising $15.2 million by selling 3.8 million shares at $4.00 per share. The shares began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on August 21, 2025, marking a significant milestone for the company's growth initiatives in the e-commerce driven logistics sector. Underwriters also have a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 570,000 shares, potentially increasing the total proceeds."], ["20250822", "This article provides an analysis of the FT Vest Growth Strength & Target Income ETF (FGSI), detailing its key statistics such as an AUM of $2.98 million USD and a dividend yield of 8.42%. It covers the ETF's structure as an actively managed open-end fund, its issuer AJM Ventures LLC, and its expense ratio of 0.85%. The article also lists FGSI's primary holdings, exposure types (predominantly equities in tech services, electronics, and finance), and answers common questions regarding its dividends and top constituents like Monolithic Power Systems and Micron Technology."], ["20250822", "PMGC Holdings (NASDAQ: ELAB) has successfully raised approximately $1.67 million through a warrant inducement agreement with existing institutional investors. This agreement involved the exercise of outstanding warrants for 827,900 shares at an amended exercise price of $2.015 per share. In exchange, PMGC will issue new unregistered warrants for an additional 827,900 shares at $1.89 per share, with the company committing to file an SEC registration statement within 30 days for their resale."], ["20250822", "Cantor Equity Partners IV, Inc. (Nasdaq: CEPF) announced the closing of its initial public offering, raising $450 million through the sale of 45,000,000 Class A ordinary shares at $10.00 each. The shares began trading on Nasdaq on August 21, 2025. The company is a blank check company sponsored by Cantor Fitzgerald, formed to pursue mergers or acquisitions in sectors like financial services, digital assets, healthcare, real estate, technology, and software."], ["20250822", "Amneal Pharmaceuticals Executive Vice President Andrew S Boyer sold 279,244 shares of Class A Common Stock for a total of $2,619,308 on August 20, 2025, at a weighted average price of $9.38 per share. Following this transaction, Boyer directly holds 152,426 shares of the company. The sale was documented in an SEC Filing Form 4 dated August 22, 2025."], ["20250822", "Allison Worldwide and Stagwell have appointed industry veteran Margaret Key as CEO, Allison Asia and Stagwell\u2019s Executive Director, Asia Pacific. Starting October 1, Key will lead the expansion of Allison Worldwide in APAC and drive regional market development for Stagwell, reporting to Allison Worldwide CEO Jonathan Heit. Her appointment is expected to bolster communications capabilities and client support across the Asia Pacific region."], ["20250822", "Portman Ridge Finance Corporation announced a name change to BCP Investment Corporation, effective August 22, 2025, with its NASDAQ ticker changing from \u2018PTMN\u2019 to \u2018BCIC\u2019 on August 25, 2025. TipRanks' AI Analyst, Spark, rates PTMN as Neutral, driven by strong equity and positive cash flow, though tempered by declining revenues and net income. The company's stock shows a neutral to slightly bullish short-term trend but indicates potential overvaluation concerns."], ["20250822", "Ross Stores Inc. reported its Q2 fiscal 2025 financial results, meeting Wall Street expectations with $508 million in net earnings and a 5% increase in total sales to $5.5 billion. Despite a slight dip in net earnings compared to the previous year, the company's comparable store sales rose by 2%, and it remains on track for a $1.05 billion stock buyback program. Ross Stores also provided its fiscal 2025 guidance, anticipating continued sales growth and outlining the impact of tariff-related costs on its earnings projections."], ["20250822", "This article analyzes whether Verisk Analytics (NASDAQ: VRSK) is fairly valued at its current share price of US$272 using a 2-stage Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) model. The analysis suggests that Verisk Analytics has an estimated fair value of US$221, implying it is approximately 23% overvalued. The article details the DCF methodology, including cash flow forecasts, terminal value calculation, and key assumptions such as the discount rate."], ["20250822", "Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV), a late-stage pharmaceutical company, is projected by analysts to reach profitability in 2027, breaking even in approximately two years. The company recently reported a trailing-twelve-month loss of US$50m, increasing from a US$40m full financial year loss. Analysts anticipate a significant annual growth rate of 68% to achieve this breakeven, noting the company's prudent capital management with low debt."], ["20250822", "Latham & Watkins LLP advised Advance Auto Parts, Inc. on its new five-year senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility worth US$1 billion. A banking team led by partners Jennifer Ezring and Victor Ludwig represented the lead arranger in the financing. Advice on uniform commercial code matters was provided by partner Brian Rock."], ["20250822", "Helen of Troy Limited has named G. Scott Uzzell as its new Chief Executive Officer, effective September 1, 2025. Uzzell, previously from Nike North America and Converse, Inc., brings extensive experience in growing brands and driving innovation. Current interim CEO Brian Grass will return to his role as Chief Financial Officer."], ["20250822", "Thermo Fisher Scientific has opened a new 375,000-square-foot, carbon-neutral manufacturing site in Mebane, North Carolina, focused on producing laboratory pipette tips to strengthen domestic supply chains for life-saving medicines and diagnostics. This facility, part of a US$192.5m contract and aligned with federal goals, will create 100 new jobs and significantly increase production capacity, enhancing supply chain resilience and reducing reliance on overseas production. The strategic investment underscores Thermo Fisher's commitment to expanding its US manufacturing footprint and supporting innovation in the life sciences sector."], ["20250822", "Arq, Inc. (NASDAQ:ARQ) has seen its stock soar 28% in the last month, contributing to a 9.7% gain over the full year. The company's high price-to-sales (P/S) ratio of 2.6x, compared to an industry average below 1.2x, is supported by strong recent revenue growth of 12% last year and 48% over three years, with analysts forecasting 21% annual growth for the next three years. This strong revenue outlook has fueled investor confidence and kept the stock's P/S ratio elevated."], ["20250822", "BJ\u2019s Wholesale Club Holdings, Inc. announced strong financial results for the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 2025, with increased membership fee income and gross profit. CEO Bob Eddy highlighted the company's continued momentum, growth in membership, and market share gains, expressing confidence in delivering strong results for the remainder of the year. The increase in financials was driven by membership acquisition, retention, and higher tier membership penetration, alongside an increase in annual membership fees."], ["20250822", "Cantor Equity Partners IV, Inc. announced the closing of its initial public offering, raising $450 million. The company sold 45,000,000 Class A ordinary shares at $10.00 per share, including an overallotment option. The shares began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol \u201cCEPF\u201d on August 21, 2025."], ["20250822", "MetLife Investment Management announced the promotion of Geert Henckens to global head of private fixed income, succeeding Brian Funk. Henckens will oversee the asset manager\u2019s $154.8 billion in private fixed-income assets and will continue to be based in London. He brings extensive experience from his tenure at MetLife IM since 2014 and nearly two decades at KBC Bank."], ["20250822", "CNA Financial Corporation announced three strategic leadership appointments to bolster its underwriting capabilities. David Haas was named president of Global Specialty, Michael Nardiello president of Global Property & Casualty, and Song Kim president of Global Commercial Industry Segments. These appointments are expected to drive sustained, profitable growth and underscore CNA's commitment to specialization."], ["20250821", "dLocal experienced a significant share price increase following its Q2 2025 results, driven by a 50% revenue growth to $256m and strong performance in core markets coupled with rapid cross-border volume expansion. The company also raised its annual guidance across key metrics and is focused on diversifying its business through network expansion and alternative payment methods, including stablecoin solutions. CEO Pedro Arnt and SVP Corp Dev Christopher Stromeyer discussed these results and the company's future strategy."], ["20250821", "FST Corp. reported a 24 percent revenue increase to $22.19 million for the first half of 2025, driven by higher sales of steel and graphite golf shafts to OEM clients. Despite the strong top-line growth and improved gross profit margin, the company experienced a net loss of $5.83 million due to increased operating expenses, one-time listing costs, an OTE derivative loss, and a foreign exchange loss. However, adjusting for one-time listing expenses, the company would have shown an operating income of approximately $220,000."], ["20250821", "TEGNA Inc. has appointed Brent Denny as president and general manager of WTHR (NBC affiliate) and WALV (MeTV affiliate) in Indianapolis, effective immediately. Denny, who previously served as the station's director of sales, brings over 30 years of broadcast experience to this role. He will be responsible for the stations' financial performance, business strategy, and operations in Central Indiana."], ["20250821", "LSI Industries (Nasdaq: LYTS) announced strong fiscal 2025 fourth quarter and full-year results, with net sales increasing 20% year-over-year in Q4 to $155.1 million and achieving a record $573.4 million for the full year. Both Lighting and Display Solutions segments showed double-digit growth, contributing to $55.0 million in adjusted EBITDA for the fiscal year. The company also declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.05 per share, payable September 10, 2025."], ["20250821", "5E Advanced Materials, Inc. announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of 2,374,481 shares of common stock at $3.50 per share, aiming to raise approximately $8.31 million in gross proceeds. The company intends to use the net proceeds, along with existing cash, for operating its small-scale boron facility, wellfield development, advanced planning for FEL-3 engineering, and general corporate purposes. Konik Capital Partners, LLC is acting as the lead bookrunning manager for the offering, which is expected to close on August 25, 2025."], ["20250821", "Parker Hannifin Corporation announced a quarterly cash dividend of $1.80 per share, maintaining its 69-year streak of increasing annual dividends and marking its 301st consecutive quarterly dividend. The company also increased its share repurchase authorization to 20 million shares. This signals strong financial health and a continued commitment to returning value to shareholders."], ["20250821", "Dillard\u2019s, Inc. declared a cash dividend of $0.30 per share for its Class A and Class B Common Stock, payable on November 3, 2025, to shareholders of record as of September 30, 2025. This declaration indicates the company's commitment to returning value to shareholders despite a relatively low dividend amount. The article also provides details on recent hedge fund activity, analyst ratings, and price targets for DDS."], ["20250821", "Yum! Brands, Inc. has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.71 per share of common stock. This dividend will be distributed on September 12, 2025, to shareholders of record as of September 2, 2025. The company, headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, operates over 61,000 restaurants globally under brands such as KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut, and Habit Burger & Grill."], ["20250821", "Emmett Investment Management is considering nominating directors to Whitestone REIT's board, citing dissatisfaction with the company's capital allocation and governance. This potential board challenge follows a significant decline in Whitestone's share price since it rejected a takeover bid last year. Emmett, a long-term investor and the sixth-largest shareholder, holds 2.2% of the company."], ["20250821", "U.S. oilfield services company Weatherford International is expanding its operations in Russia, defying tighter U.S. sanctions aimed at cutting off oil revenue supporting Russia's war in Ukraine, as reported by the Financial Times. Despite competitors selling off their Russian units, Weatherford remains active, with its Russian revenue accounting for 7% of its total global sales in the first half of 2025. Experts suggest companies like Weatherford and SLB are structuring their Russian businesses as autonomous units, making it difficult to transfer profits out of Russia due to local restrictions and potential U.S. legal violations."], ["20250821", "Thermo Fisher Scientific has announced the grand opening of its new 375,000-square-foot manufacturing center of excellence in Mebane, N.C. This facility will significantly increase the production of laboratory pipette tips in the U.S., with the capacity to produce at least 40 million tips per week, supporting life sciences research and diagnostics. The site is expected to create 90 jobs, building on Thermo Fisher's existing substantial presence and investments in North Carolina and the U.S."], ["20250821", "TFI International Inc.'s stock performance shows a 4.1% increase over three months. The article examines the company's financial health, specifically its Return on Equity (ROE) of 14% and its earnings growth, which has been negligible despite a high profit retention rate of 75%. While the ROE is respectable and comparable to the industry average, the lack of earnings growth suggests external factors or competitive pressures might be limiting its potential."], ["20250821", "This page provides a comprehensive overview of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TASE: TEVA) stock, including its current price, historical performance, key financial metrics, and company information. It also features analyst insights, news, related stocks, bonds, and ETFs holding TEVA, alongside frequently asked questions about its stock performance and financials. The company engages in the development, production, and sale of medicines across various geographical segments."], ["20250821", "Sarepta Therapeutics announced the refinancing of roughly $700 million of its 1.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 through privately negotiated exchange agreements. This transaction converts a portion of the existing notes into new 4.875% convertible senior notes due 2030, shares of common stock, and cash, extending maturity and strengthening the company's financial position. CEO Doug Ingram stated that this move enhances balance sheet flexibility and positions Sarepta to fund its pipeline and meet obligations."], ["20250821", "Ross Stores reported second-quarter earnings that surpassed expectations, despite being slightly below year-ago levels due to tariff-related costs. The off-price retailer saw an acceleration in July sales, driven by strong back-to-school demand, leading them to reinstate guidance for the year, albeit below their initial forecast. The company also updated on its share repurchase program and provided cautious guidance for the remainder of fiscal 2025 due to macroeconomic uncertainties."], ["20250821", "Raymond James has significantly expanded its wealth advisory teams in the Northeast and Florida, adding new advisors to both its independent and employee channels. The firm welcomed advisors from Commonwealth Financial Network in Massachusetts and Connecticut, and from Merrill Lynch in Florida, collectively managing over $600 million in client assets. This expansion highlights Raymond James' strategy to grow its presence in key regions through experienced financial professionals."], ["20250821", "J.B. Hunt Transport Services Inc. of Lowell has announced Brad Delco as its new CFO and executive vice president of finance, effective September 1. Delco, who joined the company in 2019, previously oversaw investor relations, corporate development, and financial planning. He succeeds John Kuhlow, who will transition to chief accounting officer. The announcement follows a recent report of falling second-quarter profit and rising expenses for J.B. Hunt."], ["20250821", "Priority Technology Holdings, a payments and banking solution provider, has successfully acquired certain assets of Boom Commerce and secured a new $50 million residual financing credit facility. The acquisition is expected to add approximately $5 million in incremental revenue for Priority in 2025, with an adjusted EBITDA benefit of almost $6 million due to reduced costs. This financing facility will support Priority's expansion into alternative financing solutions for its reseller base."], ["20250821", "OUTFRONT Media has partnered with the Bay Area Host Committee to provide enhanced brand experiences for Super Bowl LX and the 2026 World Cup, marking the first time these global events will occur in the same region in the same year. This collaboration will utilize OUTFRONT's extensive out-of-home media network across the Bay Area, offering innovative advertising solutions like projection mapping, drone shows, and advanced technology integrations. The partnership aims to transform the Bay Area into a global brand stage, leveraging OUTFRONT's proven success in large-scale event advertising."], ["20250821", "Corbin \"Corby\" Robertson Jr., CEO of GP Natural Resource Partners LLC and an alumnus of the University of Texas at Austin, has been awarded the 2025 Nance-Millett Free Enterprise Award by Phi Delta Theta. This award recognizes his significant contributions to the free enterprise system through his leadership in the natural resources sector. Robertson is also celebrated for his extensive philanthropy, dedication to education, and recent induction into the Phi Delta Theta Sports Hall of Fame."], ["20250821", "National Energy Services Reunited Corp. (NESR) has been awarded multiple Production Services contracts in Algeria and Libya, estimated to exceed US$100 million. These contracts, ranging from three to five years, cover Coiled Tubing, Nitrogen & Pumping Services, Cementing, and Hydraulic Fracturing, reinforcing NESR's regional leadership. NESR CEO Sherif Foda highlighted the strategic importance of these awards for innovation and technology development in both countries, emphasizing a commitment to local talent and investment."], ["20250821", "Nabors Industries has sold its Quail Tools business, which it acquired through the Parker Wellbore acquisition, to Superior Energy Services for $600 million. This strategic sale will significantly help Nabors in slashing its debt. Dave Lesar is the CEO of Superior Energy Services, the purchasing company based in Houston."], ["20250821", "Two critical vulnerabilities (CVE-2025-8875 and CVE-2025-8876) in N-able N-central remote monitoring and management (RMM) software are being actively exploited in the wild. Enterprises and Managed Service Providers (MSPs) with on-premises deployments are urged to patch immediately, as hundreds of servers remain unpatched and exposed. These flaws, which include a command injection and an insecure deserialization vulnerability, carry a critical CVSS score of 9.4 and pose a significant risk, particularly given RMM software's access to numerous corporate networks."], ["20250821", "Markel Insurance has appointed Alain Paris as Vice President, Product Line Leader \u2013 Primary Casualty, effective immediately. In this role, Paris will lead the primary casualty product line across Canada, leveraging his over two decades of experience in casualty underwriting and strategic portfolio management. His appointment is expected to strengthen Markel Canada's capabilities and offerings in target markets."], ["20250821", "Methode Electronics, Inc. (NYSE: MEI) announced it will release its first quarter fiscal 2026 results on Wednesday, September 3, 2025, after market close. The company will also host a conference call and webcast on Thursday, September 4, 2025, at 10:00 a.m. CDT, to discuss financial and operational highlights. The call will feature President and CEO Jon DeGaynor and CFO Laura Kowalchik."], ["20250821", "J.B. Hunt Transport Services announced that Brad Delco, currently senior vice president of finance and investor relations lead, will become the company's chief financial officer starting September 1st. He replaces John Kuhlow, who will transition to the role of chief accounting officer. This change is intended to support the company's strategy for long-term disciplined growth, focusing on operational excellence and cost discipline."], ["20250821", "Ionis Pharmaceuticals announced that the FDA has approved DAWNZERA\u2122 (donidalorsen) for the prophylactic treatment of hereditary angioedema (HAE) in patients aged 12 and older. This marks the first and only RNA-targeted medicine for HAE, offering dosing options every four or eight weeks. Clinical trials demonstrated significant and sustained reduction in HAE attack rates, providing a new and effective treatment option for patients."], ["20250821", "Plaintiffs have appealed to the U.S. 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals after a federal district court a second time dismissed their 401(k)-plan forfeiture complaint suit against Honeywell International. The complaint alleged that Honeywell breached its fiduciary duties by using 401(k) forfeiture funds to offset contributions rather than to pay down plan expenses. The district court judge dismissed the case with prejudice, stating the plaintiffs failed to show Honeywell's use of forfeitures damaged plan participants."], ["20250821", "Harley-Davidson is implementing new strategies, including a new CEO, Artie Starrs, and focusing on new models, electrification, and international expansion to combat declining sales and an aging customer base. The company's stock has underperformed, and it faces challenges like high leverage and intense competition, but a recent capital infusion and strong free cash flow offer a potential path to recovery. Investors are cautiously optimistic, with analysts holding a lukewarm view, suggesting a balanced, patient approach is warranted given the significant execution risks and opportunities for a turnaround."], ["20250821", "Hotel101 Global Holdings Corp, a Philippines hospitality major, is set to construct two new hotels in Cambodia, making them among the largest by room count in Phnom Penh and Sihanoukville. These projects, expected to generate $109.55 million in sales revenue and be completed by 2028, are part of Hotel101's global expansion strategy. The expansion aims to capitalize on Cambodia's growing tourism sector and contribute significantly to foreign investment and job creation."], ["20250821", "Galaxy Digital Inc. has secured a $1.4 billion project financing facility to develop its Helios datacenter campus in West Texas. This funding will accelerate the delivery of the first phase of power for AI and high-performance computing (HPC) operations under a long-term agreement with CoreWeave Inc. The project diversifies Galaxy's business model beyond crypto into the AI infrastructure space, with an anticipated annual revenue exceeding $1 billion from CoreWeave agreements."], ["20250821", "Genius Sports Limited (NYSE: GENI) will participate in six investor conferences in September 2025, including events hosted by Benchmark, BofA Securities, Citi, Goldman Sachs, B. Riley Securities, and Wells Fargo. Company executives, including CFO Nick Taylor and CEO Mark Locke, are scheduled to participate in breakout sessions. Webcasts of these sessions will be available on the company's investor relations website."], ["20250821", "Glancy Prongay & Murray LLP has announced a securities fraud investigation into Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) following a significant drop in its stock price. The investigation concerns potential violations of federal securities laws after Fortinet's second-quarter 2025 financial results revealed slow progress in a firewall upgrade cycle and weaker-than-expected revenue guidance, causing a 22% stock decline. Investors who lost money are encouraged to contact the law firm to learn about potentially pursuing claims."], ["20250821", "dLocal experienced a significant share price jump after strong Q2 2025 results, with revenues up 50% and raised annual guidance across all key growth metrics. The growth was driven by rapidly rising cross-border volumes and strategic adoption of alternative payment methods like Pix and stablecoin settlements. CEO Pedro Arnt and SVP Corp Dev Christopher Stromeyer discussed these results, emphasizing core market strength and network expansion."], ["20250821", "DeFi Technologies' subsidiary, Valour, celebrated its inaugural product listings on the SIX Swiss Exchange by ringing the bell, marking its entry into the Swiss market with two staking ETPs for Hedera (HBAR) and Internet Computer (ICP). This milestone highlights Valour's continued expansion in Europe, offering transparent, yield-generating digital asset products to both institutional and retail investors. Valour plans to reach 100 ETPs by the end of 2025, providing access to native protocol yields without the complexities of managing wallets or custody."], ["20250821", "U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) is rapidly expanding migrant detention capacity by issuing no-bid contracts to private prison firms like CoreCivic and Geo Group. This spending surge, fueled by an declared emergency at the border and a presidential push for mass deportations, has significantly boosted the companies' profits and stock prices. The expansion faces resistance, as seen in Leavenworth, Kansas, where a lawsuit was filed against CoreCivic over its attempt to reopen a facility without city approval, and concerns rise over the conditions within these private prisons."], ["20250821", "CandyMachines.com has partnered with Cantaloupe, Inc. to expand cashless payment options for its vending and amusement machines. This collaboration will integrate Cantaloupe's Engage Pulse cashless payment devices into CandyMachines' equipment, allowing operators to accept credit cards, debit cards, mobile wallets, and contactless payments. The partnership aims to provide a modern, player-friendly experience and offer robust backend analytics for operators."], ["20250821", "The travel and tourism industry is experiencing a massive boom, projected to reach $11.7 trillion in 2025, driven by emerging markets and younger generations. This article highlights 10 stocks poised to benefit from this growth, including established giants and fast-growing players like Copa Holdings, InterGlobe Aviation, and Airbnb. Analysts see significant upside potential in many of these companies, which are expanding fleets, improving services, and leveraging digital platforms."], ["20250821", "Cboe Canada celebrates the launch of Purpose Investments' new suite of 10 single stock-focused ETFs, called Purpose Canadian Yield Shares, which are designed to offer monthly tax-efficient income and targeted exposure to leading Canadian companies. These ETFs, exclusively listed on Cboe Canada, mark a significant innovation in Canadian investment options. Building on past successes, this partnership continues to provide investors with accessible and yield-oriented strategies through blue-chip Canadian stocks like RBC, Enbridge, and Shopify."], ["20250821", "Maplebear Inc. (NASDAQ:CART) reported strong earnings, with its accrual ratio of -0.16 indicating excellent cash conversion and free cash flow significantly exceeding statutory profit. The company's underlying earnings potential appears robust, and it returned to profitability this past year. This suggests that Maplebear's financial performance is stronger than its reported profit figures alone might suggest."], ["20250821", "Blackstone has announced an agreement to acquire Shermco, a leading provider of electrical equipment services, for approximately $1.6 billion. Shermco offers critical maintenance, repair, testing, commissioning, and design services for various electrical infrastructure, employing over 600 NETA technicians and 200 engineers across North America. This acquisition, led by Blackstone Energy Transition Partners and its private equity strategy, highlights Blackstone's focus on electrification and the ongoing energy transition."], ["20250821", "Broadridge Financial Solutions has acquired Signal, a UK-based company specializing in transforming customer communications for financial services firms. This acquisition aims to expand Broadridge's digital communications solutions globally, enhance its presence in Europe, and support client digitization and engagement through Signal's design, technology, and consulting services. Both companies emphasize their commitment to innovation and modernizing customer and investor experiences."], ["20250821", "John Kaweske, founder of Bio Clean Energy SA, has filed a civil RICO action in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, seeking approximately one billion dollars in damages. The lawsuit alleges a coordinated scheme by Tricon Energy, Banco Bradesco SA, and S\u00e9rgio Bermudes Advogados that resulted in the unlawful seizure and destruction of Bio Clean's biodiesel business in Brazil. Kaweske stated that they have chosen to assert their rights through the courts and will address the matter in that forum."], ["20250821", "Banco BBVA Argentina S.A. (BBAR) reported a significant 62.1% year-over-year drop in inflation-adjusted net income for Q2 2025, leading to a 2.34% after-hours stock decline. Despite this earnings slump, the bank demonstrated strong performance in loan and deposit growth, with private sector financing increasing by 15.7% quarter-over-quarter and total deposits reaching ARS 13.0 trillion. The bank also maintained stable net interest margins, a healthy capital ratio, and solid liquidity, indicating operational strength amidst profitability challenges."], ["20250821", "Atlantic Union Bank announced it will lay off 51 employees at its Howard County office, which is the second wave of layoffs in Maryland for the bank following a $1.3 billion acquisition earlier this year. The job cuts are affecting the former Sandy Spring facility."], ["20250821", "ASP Isotopes Inc. (ASPI:NASDAQ) is expanding into the U.S. market for High-Assay Low-Enriched Uranium (HALEU) production through a non-binding memorandum of understanding with Fermi America for a facility in Texas. Canaccord Genuity analyst George Gianarikas maintained a Buy rating and an unchanged target price of US$11.00, citing the strategic importance of this expansion for national security and the company's profit potential. This new facility, located near the DOE-operated Pantex Plant, aims to address U.S. nuclear fuel supply chain vulnerabilities and leverage ASP Isotopes' quantum enrichment technology, which is expected to significantly reduce enrichment costs."], ["20250821", "Hindustan Unilever (HUL) has announced the appointment of Niranjan Gupta as Chief Financial Officer \u2013 Designate, effective September 1, 2025, and a member of the HUL Management Committee. He will succeed Ritesh Tiwari, who is being appointed as the Global Head of M&A and Treasury at Unilever Plc, based in London, effective November 1, 2025. Gupta previously spent 20 years with HUL, followed by roles at Vedanta and Hero MotoCorp, where he was elevated to CEO in 2023."], ["20250821", "Amentum, in partnership with Naval Surface Warfare Center, Crane Division (NSWC Crane), has broken ground on a new Radiation Combined Environment (RCE) Test Facility in Odon, Indiana. This facility will be crucial for testing microelectronics in harsh conditions for the U.S. Department of Defense, directly supporting warfighters. The project highlights a decades-long collaboration between Amentum and NSWC Crane, aiming to generate skilled technical jobs and bolster the local innovation ecosystem."], ["20250821", "The Allstate Corporation announced estimated catastrophe losses of $184 million pre-tax for July 2025, primarily from wind and hail events. The company also provided an update on Allstate Protection policies in force as of July 31, 2025, showing slight increases in auto and homeowners policies year-over-year. Financial information and forward-looking statements are detailed, emphasizing transparency with investors."], ["20250821", "The Allstate Corporation estimated catastrophe losses of $184 million, or $145 million after-tax, for July, primarily due to 19 wind and hail events. This figure is significantly lower than the $587 million reported in July 2024 and the $619 million from the previous month. Total catastrophe losses for Q2 2025 reached $1.99 billion before tax, and Allstate recently increased its catastrophe reinsurance tower to $9.5 billion of loss, effective excess of a $1 billion retention."], ["20250821", "Mag Magna Corp. (MGNC) has announced its integration into the core supply chain of a global foodservice conglomerate, providing its patented MAGA and CHASIS technologies for antibiotic-free feed additives and green farming solutions. This move highlights MGNC's expertise in food safety and sustainable agriculture and marks a significant step in its global food supply chain strategy. The company is also pursuing a NASDAQ Main Board transition to accelerate global expansion and strengthen strategic partnerships."], ["20250821", "Fitness Champs Holdings (NasdaqCM:FCHL) has a market capitalization of US$3.8 million. The company's stock price experienced a significant drop of 94.92% over one year, trading at US$0.22. Challenges include negative shareholders equity and a medium-low risk, overvalued assessment."], ["20250821", "This article provides an overview of the Goldman Sachs Nasdaq-100 Premium Income ETF (GPIQ), detailing its investment strategy, key statistics, and structure. GPIQ aims for consistent income and capital growth by investing in Nasdaq-100 companies and employing an options overlay strategy. The fund's asset management, expense ratio, dividend yield, and other relevant information are presented."], ["20250821", "VanEck has launched two new actively managed TruSector ETFs, the VanEck Consumer Discretionary TruSector ETF (TRUD) and VanEck Technology TruSector ETF (TRUT), to address the tracking error in sector investing caused by RIC diversification rules. These ETFs aim to provide full market-cap sector exposure by using a hybrid approach of individual equities and targeted ETFs, allowing them to remain compliant while avoiding artificial caps on leading companies. This strategy is designed to offer asset allocators more precise tools for tracking sector benchmarks with lower tracking error and cleaner attribution."], ["20250821", "CMB Tech has successfully completed a stock-for-stock merger with Golden Ocean Group, forming one of the world's largest diversified listed maritime groups. The merger was approved by Golden Ocean shareholders and involved CMB Tech issuing new ordinary shares as merger consideration. The combined entity boasts a substantial fleet with a \"future-proof\" focus on hydrogen and ammonia-ready vessels, significant market value, and a solid revenue backlog."], ["20250821", "Truist Financial Corporation announced plans to build 100 new branches and renovate over 300 existing locations as part of a significant strategic growth investment. The bank aims to enhance digital capabilities, hire additional advisors, and attract new clients in strong growth markets across the country. These new branch models will feature smart design and integrated technology to facilitate client interactions with Premier advisors."], ["20250821", "EpicQuest Education (NASDAQ: EEIQ) reported robust financial results for the first half of fiscal year 2025, with revenue increasing 29.1% to $5.37 million, primarily driven by international program enrollment. The company significantly reduced its net loss by 95.5% to $0.16 million and improved its gross margin to 63.7%. Despite these improvements, the company faces liquidity challenges, indicated by decreased cash and negative working capital, raising questions about future expansion funding without additional capital."], ["20250821", "Ascent Industries Co. (Nasdaq: ACNT), a specialty chemicals platform, announced its participation in three upcoming investor conferences in August and September 2025. These events include the 16th Annual Midwest Ideas Conference, the 2025 Annual Gateway Conference, and the iAccess Alpha Virtual Best Ideas Fall Investment Conference. Investors interested in scheduling one-on-one meetings can contact the company through the provided email."], ["20250821", "Meritage Homes Corporation announced a quarterly dividend of $0.43 per share, payable on September 30, 2025, to shareholders of record as of September 16, 2025. The company's Board of Directors also approved a $500 million increase to its share repurchase authorization. Meritage Homes is the fifth-largest public homebuilder in the U.S., known for energy-efficient and affordable homes across multiple states."], ["20250821", "Allstate Corp. (ALL) shares fell 3.31% to $206.55 on Thursday, underperforming the broader market. This drop ended a three-day winning streak for the stock. The S&P 500 Index and Dow Jones Industrial Average also saw declines on the same trading day."], ["20250821", "Allstate Corp. (ALL) stock declined by 3.31% on Thursday, closing at $206.55, amidst a general downturn in the stock market. This underperformance broke a three-day winning streak for the company's shares. The S&P 500 Index and Dow Jones Industrial Average also saw declines on the same trading day."], ["20250821", "Allstate Corp. (ALL) stock declined on Thursday, underperforming its competitors and the broader market indices like the S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average. The stock fell 3.31% to $206.55, ending a three-day winning streak. This occurred during an overall dismal trading session for the stock market, with both major indices also experiencing losses."], ["20250821", "Allstate Corp. stock experienced a decline of 3.31% on Thursday, closing at $206.55, underperforming against a generally down market. This fall broke a three-day winning streak for the company's stock. The S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average also saw declines on the same trading day."], ["20250821", "Allstate Corp. (ALL) stock declined by 3.31% on Thursday, closing at $206.55, underperforming its competitors and the broader market. This drop snapped a three-day winning streak for the company's shares. The S&P 500 Index and Dow Jones Industrial Average also saw declines on the same trading day."], ["20250821", "Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. (NASDAQ: HST) announced its third-quarter 2025 financial results will be reported on November 5, 2025, after market close. A conference call to discuss these results and the business outlook will be held on November 6, 2025, at 9:00 a.m. ET. The company is the nation's largest lodging real estate investment trust."], ["20250821", "Allstate Corp. stock decreased by 3.31% on Thursday, closing at $206.55, underperforming its competitors and the broader market. This decline occurred during a generally negative trading session, with both the S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average also falling. The stock's drop ended a three-day winning streak for Allstate."], ["20250821", "This article provides an AI-driven stock analysis for Johnson Controls International Plc (NYSE: JCI), highlighting neutral near and mid-term readings that could moderate a long-term positive bias. It details an exceptional risk-reward setup targeting an 8.1% gain versus 0.3% risk, along with specific institutional trading strategies for position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal analysis and support/resistance levels."], ["20250821", "Dillard's (NYSE:DDS) has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.30 per share on both Class A and Class B Common Stock. The dividend is set to be paid on November 3, 2025, to shareholders of record as of September 30, 2025. This action demonstrates consistent shareholder returns and the company's financial stability."], ["20250821", "Dillard's, Inc. announced that its Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.30 per share for Class A and Class B Common Stock. The dividend is scheduled to be paid on November 3, 2025, to shareholders of record as of September 30, 2025."], ["20250821", "The Gabelli Dividend & Income Trust declared a continuation of its monthly cash distribution policy, with $0.14 per share for October, November, and December 2025, and a 27% annual increase for 2025, raising the annual distribution to $1.68 per share. The Board of Trustees will continue to evaluate market conditions and strategic opportunities, with potential adjustments to distributions made in December to comply with IRS requirements. The distribution may consist of net investment income, net capital gains, and return of capital, with specific tax treatments outlined for shareholders."]]}