{"topic": "economy_fiscal", "news": [["20250801", "CBIZ positions itself as a comprehensive service provider specifically tailored for the middle market, offering a blend of national resources and local expertise. The firm highlights its integrated services across various domains like accounting, tax, advisory, benefits, and technology, emphasizing that middle-market companies are crucial for innovation and job creation. CBIZ aims to serve as a partner that understands the unique challenges and opportunities faced by businesses in this sector."], ["20250801", "Visa has formally responded to the U.S. Department of Justice's 2024 debit card antitrust lawsuit, denying claims of operating an illegal monopoly in the U.S. debit card market. The company asserts its business practices are procompetitive and justified, rejecting allegations that its agreements prevent competition or pay rivals not to compete. This response follows a failed bid by Visa to have the case dismissed, with the lawsuit alleging that Visa handles over 60% of U.S. debit card transactions and generates more than $7 billion annually in processing fees."], ["20250801", "Argentina will experience new increases in electricity and gas tariffs starting August 1st. The National Electricity Regulatory Entity (ENRE) approved a 2% increase for electricity services in areas covered by EDENOR and EDESUR, along with a 1.64% to 11.15% increase in electricity transportation. Concurrently, the National Gas Regulatory Entity (ENARGAS) approved new tariff schedules for gas transportation and distribution companies, also effective August 1st."], ["20250801", "Stryker significantly raised its full-year guidance after a strong second quarter, driven by robust product demand and a reduced impact from tariffs. The company reported double-digit sales and adjusted earnings per share growth, surpassing Wall Street expectations. While shares initially dipped, they recovered, reflecting the positive financial performance and improved outlook, despite a slightly lower new EPS projection compared to earlier in the year."], ["20250801", "The Farmington solar project, spearheaded by NextEra Energy Resources, has significantly benefited Maine families and communities, revitalizing the local economy and enhancing public services. Bradley Greenleaf, a local senior field technician, highlights the project's positive impact, including substantial landowner payments and increased property taxes that bolstered the town's budget and infrastructure. His personal involvement further underscores the community-centric approach, fostering trust and engagement among residents."], ["20250801", "KBR's Mission Technologies Solutions (MTS) segment reported a 7% revenue increase in Q2 2025, reaching $1.4 billion, and a 6% rise in adjusted EBITDA to $141 million. The growth was driven by the LinQuest acquisition and international expansion, particularly in Australia, despite slowdowns in some other areas. The company expects a 5-8% compound annual growth rate for MTS revenue by FY 2027 and KBR also reported overall Q2 2025 revenue of $2 billion, up 6%, with a strong total company adjusted EBITDA of $242 million."], ["20250801", "Georgia Power is proposing an unprecedented 10,000-megawatt expansion of its generation fleet over approximately five years, largely to serve the growing needs of data centers. The plan involves a significant investment of roughly $15 billion, primarily in new gas-fired units, along with battery storage and some solar additions. While the utility suggests this could lead to lower residential rates due to increased sales to data centers, environmental and consumer advocates express concerns about the reliance on fossil fuels, potential rate instability for existing customers, and a lack of transparency in the plan's cost and ownership structure."], ["20250801", "Chevron Corp. has negotiated new terms with Petroleos de Venezuela, agreeing to hand over a percentage of its oil production to the Venezuelan government following the renewal of its U.S. license to operate in the country. This arrangement allows the Maduro regime to gain revenue through oil rather than cash royalties or taxes. The deal is expected to help sustain and potentially increase Venezuela's oil production, with the U.S. government affirming that the Maduro regime will not profit directly from the sale of this oil."], ["20250801", "Boston Scientific's Agent drug-coated balloon (DCB) has received Medicare reimbursement, with CMS granting a new technology add-on payment (NTAP) for eligible cases starting October 1, 2025. This reimbursement will provide additional payments to hospitals using the Agent DCB for treating coronary in-stent restenosis (ISR). The move is expected to improve patient access to the device, which offers an alternative to traditional therapies for ISR."], ["20250801", "REAlloys Inc., a critical mineral company, has announced the appointment of Brad Wall, former Premier of Saskatchewan, to its Corporate Board of Directors. Wall's extensive experience in public service and economic development will support REAlloys' goal of building a vertically integrated rare earth supply chain independent from China, benefiting Saskatchewan, Canada, and North American national defense interests. REAlloys operates a magnet manufacturing facility in Ohio and owns the Hoidas Lake Rare Earth Elements Project in Saskatchewan."], ["20250801", "Algoma Steel has suspended its dividend and reported a significant drop in profit due to prohibitive U.S. tariffs on Canadian steel, which have severely disrupted its operations. The company is now focusing on increasing domestic demand for its products through opportunities in defense, infrastructure, and clean manufacturing, while also seeking $500 million in federal loan support. Algoma Steel is also transitioning to electric arc furnaces to reduce emissions and costs, aiming for low-cost, low-carbon steel production."], ["20250801", "Magna International reported a significant 21% increase in its second-quarter net income, despite a 3% decline in company revenue to $10.6 billion compared to the previous year. The automotive supplier has also raised its financial outlook for the year, signaling confidence in its performance amidst tariff challenges. The article highlights Magna's ability to navigate the current trade environment by lowering its tariff exposure."], ["20250801", "Canadian auto parts supplier Magna International raised its annual sales forecast and exceeded second-quarter earnings estimates, driven by effective cost-cutting measures. The company's proactive steps, including restructuring and reduced capital spending, helped it navigate challenges such as tariffs, leading to a stronger financial outlook. Peers Aptiv and BorgWarner also recorded optimistic forecasts, signaling a resilient auto parts demand."], ["20250801", "Ford achieved record revenue, but this was overshadowed by increased losses from its Model e EV business, rising 16 percent. Despite the increased losses, the company reported that Model e's revenue more than doubled and material costs for the F-150 Lightning and Mustang Mach-E improved. The financial performance was negatively impacted by recall and tariff costs."], ["20250801", "Ferroglobe PLC, a supplier of silicon metal, reported a weak Q1 2025 performance due to falling prices and reduced volumes. The company expects a rebound driven by new tariffs, a recovery in aluminium and steel demand, and technological advancements like its partnership with Coreshell for EV battery materials. Despite current challenges, Ferroglobe maintains a disciplined financial position with zero net debt and is valued below the market average."], ["20250801", "RTX Corp. has been awarded a historic maximum $50 billion umbrella contract by the Defense Logistics Agency to provide systems, spare parts, and services to the Army, DLA, and DoD worldwide over 20 years. This article also details several other defense contracts awarded to various companies by the DLA, Army, Air Force, and Navy, covering a wide range of services and products from logistics and environmental restoration to military aircraft parts and software development. Notable awards include Palantir USG Inc.'s $10 billion contract with the Army and multiple contracts for major aerospace companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin."], ["20250801", "Stryker has lowered its expected tariff impact for 2025 to $175 million from a previous forecast of $200 million, following reductions in U.S. and China levies. The company also raised its earnings outlook, anticipating organic sales growth of 9.5% to 10% and increased adjusted earnings per share, driven by strong procedural demand and capital equipment sales. Stryker reported a record quarter for Mako robot installations and provided updates on new Mako 4 applications."], ["20250731", "Southern Copper is negotiating with the Mexican government to reactivate $10.2 billion in mining investments, aiming to secure permits stalled under the previous administration. In Peru, the company has increased investment in the T\u00eda Mar\u00eda copper mine to $1.8 billion and expects it to generate significant exports and taxes, despite past local opposition. Southern Copper maintains an optimistic long-term outlook for copper, with potential investments in Peruvian projects totaling over $10.3 billion."], ["20250731", "Pilgrim's Pride intentionally overstaffed its plants in Q2, reaching 105% staffing levels, to mitigate the impact of potential visa revocations for workers from Nicaragua, Venezuela, Cuba, and Haiti. CEO Fabio Sandri explained this precautionary measure as the company prepared for the U.S. government's ongoing deportation efforts, which have already impacted an affiliated company, JBS, where approximately 200 workers had their visas revoked. The overstaffing strategy, supported by competitive wages, aimed to ensure continued production despite potential labor losses."], ["20250731", "Gildan Activewear Inc. reported a significant increase in its second-quarter earnings, reaching US$137.9-million, up from US$58.4-million in the prior year. The Montreal-based clothing manufacturer also reaffirmed its full-year guidance, taking into account the impact of tariffs. Adjusted earnings per diluted share rose to 97 cents from 74 cents, with net sales totaling US$918.5-million."], ["20250731", "Ford reported a net loss of $36 million in Q2 2025, largely due to tariff costs and the cancellation of a BEV program, despite strong sales. The automaker projects a $3 billion loss from tariffs this year and has lowered its annual profit outlook. Amid these challenges, Ford is teasing a \"Model T moment\" in mid-August, hinting at a significant advancement in low-cost BEV manufacturing."], ["20250731", "National Grid has launched an \u00a38 billion Electricity Transmission Partnership (ETP) to accelerate the delivery of vital substation infrastructure across England and Wales, supporting the UK's clean energy transition. This new approach involves long-term collaborative agreements with regional delivery partners, providing them with certainty to invest in capacity and skills for approximately 130 projects. The initiative is a key part of National Grid's \u00a335 billion RIIO-T3 investment plan, aiming to strengthen the UK supply chain and bolster the grid for a clean energy future."], ["20250731", "Ferrari reported a 4% year-on-year increase in Q2 2025 net revenues to \u20ac1.79 billion and an 8.1% rise in operating profit, driven by strong demand for high-end models and customer customizations. The automaker also benefited from a US-EU trade agreement that eased tariffs, leading to reduced cost pressures. Consequently, Ferrari has raised its full-year guidance, anticipating continued robust performance thanks to strong brand exclusivity and strategic product launches."], ["20250731", "Donald Trump's surprise tariff of 50% on semi-finished copper products, which however exempted refined copper, has caused significant losses for copper ETFs and traders. The United States Copper Index Fund (CPER) bore the brunt, plummeting over 19% after traders had front-loaded refined copper imports anticipating broader tariffs. This unexpected exemption led to a collapse in U.S. copper futures and created a scenario where warehouses are now stuck with overpriced copper."], ["20250731", "American Bitcoin, a new crypto mining company, was launched on April 1, with Hut 8 owning 80 percent and Eric and Donald Jr. Trump, along with former American Data Centers shareholders, owning the remaining 20 percent. Eric Trump serves as cofounder and chief strategy officer, leveraging the Trump family name and connections for capital markets and \"narrative\" in the competitive bitcoin mining industry. The company aims to accumulate bitcoin by mining below market cost and purchasing more, with plans to go public through a merger with Nasdaq-traded Gryphon Digital Mining to become the \"world\u2019s largest, most efficient pure-play Bitcoin miner.\""], ["20250731", "GeneDx Holdings Corp. executives, Katherine Stueland (CEO) and Kevin Feeley (CFO), recently sold shares of the company's Class A Common Stock. These sales were conducted to cover tax withholding obligations arising from the vesting of restricted stock units. Following these transactions, both executives retain significant holdings in the company, including direct ownership, restricted stock units, and stock options."], ["20250731", "MGM Resorts International reported a 2% year-over-year revenue increase to $4.4 billion in Q2, driven by strong performance in regional operations and MGM China, despite a sharp drop in net income due to a foreign currency transaction loss. Regional operations and MGM China showed revenue growth, while Las Vegas Strip properties experienced a decline. The company's CEO and CFO also discussed market trends, a partnership with Marriott, and the impact of new tax legislation."], ["20250730", "MGM Resorts CEO Bill Hornbuckle expressed confidence that Las Vegas visitation and conference bookings will rebound, despite recent declines in June. He pointed to a recent increase in bookings over the last four weeks as a positive sign. The CEO also addressed factors like declining international visitation and the need to enhance Las Vegas's value perception, while discussing the impact of a new bill on the company's tax forecast."], ["20250730", "The article discusses the potential impact of the federal Saver's Match program, slated to begin in 2027. This program offers a 50% match on the first $2,000 of retirement contributions for eligible savers, and Morningstar's model projects it could generate an additional $2.03 trillion in retirement wealth for Americans by their retirement age. The authors emphasize the importance of effective outreach and implementation for the program to reach its full potential."], ["20250730", "Canada's life insurance industry is opposing potential Ontario government restrictions on preferred pharmacy networks (PPNs), arguing that these exclusive deals are necessary to control rising drug plan costs. Pharmacist associations and small business groups, however, contend that PPNs reduce patient access, create anti-competitive environments, and undermine patient choice. The debate involves various proposed models, including \"any able and willing provider\" legislation and \"standardized and mandatory exemption\" systems, as the government reviews submissions to determine the next steps."], ["20250730", "A U.S. Magistrate Judge has partly granted and partly denied a motion to dismiss claims against U.S. companies under the TVPRA, alleging their involvement in a venture that used forced labor for Qatar's 2022 World Cup stadiums. The decision allows claims for benefiting from forced labor under \u00a7 1589(b) to proceed, navigating complex issues of standing, personal jurisdiction, and extraterritoriality. This ruling is significant for its careful interpretation of the TVPRA and its potential to hold U.S. companies accountable for human rights abuses abroad."], ["20250730", "GE HealthCare increased its 2025 guidance due to strong capital investment trends, efficient operations, and tariff rate adjustments, projecting approximately 3% revenue growth and adjusted EPS between $4.43 and $4.63. Despite reporting robust second-quarter results with strong profits and sales exceeding expectations, GEHC shares declined. Analysts maintain a \"Buy\" rating, acknowledging operational improvements but noting weaker order growth compared to competitors."], ["20250730", "The U.S. Department of Justice has moved to drop all charges against Fat Brands Chairman Andy Wiederhorn, who was accused in a $47 million fake loan scheme. Wiederhorn and Fat Brands consistently maintained his innocence throughout the investigation. The decision, however, is controversial, as it followed the firing of the assistant U.S. attorney handling the case, who alleged the move was politically motivated."], ["20250730", "Cadence Design Systems Inc., a prominent US semiconductor design company, has agreed to pay over $140 million and plead guilty to unlawfully exporting electronic design automation (EDA) tools to a restricted Chinese military university, the National University of Defense Technology (NUDT). The company continued these activities through aliases even after NUDT was added to the Entity List, highlighting the U.S. government's strict focus on regulating advanced technology exports to China. This case underscores the significant repercussions for companies failing to act on identified export risks and the ongoing reliance of Chinese semiconductor firms on US EDA technology."], ["20250730", "Cadence Design Systems Inc., an electronic design automation company, has agreed to plead guilty to violating U.S. export controls by selling EDA hardware, software, and intellectual property to China's National University of Defense Technology. The university is on the U.S. Entity List due to its involvement in supercomputers supporting nuclear explosive and military simulations. Cadence will pay penalties totaling approximately $140 million as a result of coordinated criminal and civil actions."], ["20250730", "Algoma Steel Group Inc. has suspended its dividend and reported a significant net loss of $110.6-million in its second quarter, citing disruptive U.S. tariffs that have effectively closed its largest export market. The company hopes to offset these challenges by increasing domestic demand through federal growth projects, including partnerships in defense and infrastructure, and is actively seeking a $500-million government loan. Despite these headwinds, Algoma Steel is advancing its electric arc furnace project to reduce emissions and costs, aiming to solidify its role as Canada's sole independent primary steelmaker."], ["20250730", "The Justice Department has dropped its case against Fat Brands and its chairman, Andy Wiederhorn, months after the White House fired the career prosecutor handling the case. Wiederhorn, a significant donor to Trump, was accused of using the company as a \"personal slush fund\" and being a \"serial tax cheat.\" The dismissal follows calls from Trump supporters to remove the lead prosecutor due to his past anti-Trump comments."], ["20250730", "Pacific Gas and Electric (NYSE:PCG) has awarded $400,000 in Resilience Hubs Grants to seven community organizations, concluding its five-year, $2 million program. These grants will help establish climate resilience hubs providing essential resources during extreme weather events, particularly benefiting disadvantaged communities. The program, funded by PG&E Corporation shareholders, supports emergency preparedness and climate-resilient facilities across Northern and Central California."], ["20250730", "Ford Motor has reinstated its full-year guidance after initially withdrawing it in May due to tariffs, reporting second-quarter revenue that exceeded expectations. The new outlook factors in an estimated net $2 billion hit from tariffs. Despite the challenges, CFO Sherry House stated Ford maintains \"constructive conversations\" with the Trump administration regarding steel and aluminum tariffs, while CEO Jim Farley highlighted the company's commitment to the U.S. manufacturing base."], ["20250730", "The Justice Department has dropped its case against Fat Brands and its chair, Andy Wiederhorn, who were indicted in May 2024 for an alleged \"$47 million sham loan scheme.\" Prosecutors also moved to dismiss separate criminal charges against Wiederhorn related to firearm possession. This reversal follows a shake-up at the DOJ after the start of President Donald Trump's second term, though a civil complaint from the SEC stemming from the same alleged conduct remains unresolved."], ["20250730", "Teva Pharmaceuticals executives are downplaying the potential impact of new U.S. pharmaceutical tariffs, stating they have already incorporated the confirmed tariffs into their 2025 guidance. CFO Eli Kalif noted that over 50% of Teva\u2019s U.S. products are manufactured domestically and the company has limited exposure in India and China. CEO Richard Francis emphasized that while there's ambiguity around the new 15% tariffs from the U.S.-EU trade deal, Teva has comprehensive mitigation plans in place and is maintaining a conservative approach."], ["20250730", "VF Corp's CFO, Paul Vogel, announced that the company has reduced its estimated incremental tariff impact to $100M-$120M, down from $150M. This adjustment, attributed to sourcing savings and pricing actions, brings the total annualized impact to $250M-$270M, with half expected to affect fiscal 2026. Despite a challenging year-to-date stock performance, retail sentiment for VFC remains \"extremely bullish\" on Stocktwits, and the company reported better-than-expected Q1 revenues and adjusted losses."], ["20250730", "Steve Madden reported a net loss in Q2 2025, primarily due to the impact of new tariffs on imported goods into the U.S., which led to a decline in wholesale shoe revenue and impacted gross profit. Despite these challenges, the company's CEO, Edward Rosenfeld, expressed confidence in the company's strategy and the potential for long-term growth, including the smooth integration of the recently acquired Kurt Geiger brand. The company is actively working to mitigate the near-term effects of tariffs while focusing on consumer connections and product marketing."], ["20250730", "DTE Energy is in discussions with data center operators for up to 7GW of new capacity in Michigan, spurred by favorable tax breaks. The utility plans to leverage existing generation and new energy storage, with long-term plans for additional baseload generation to meet this demand. This growth represents a significant investment opportunity for DTE, impacting its five-year investment plan and generation strategies."], ["20250730", "Clean Harbors reported slightly lower overall revenue in Q2 2025, but its environmental services segment showed strength and the company reaffirmed its full-year guidance. Executives highlighted the success of the charge-for-oil strategy and ongoing investments in its hub and spoke model, including the Kimball incinerator and Phoenix hub project. The company also anticipates positive impacts from new tax policies and growth in PFAS-related business."], ["20250730", "Aluminum Dynamics, a unit of Steel Dynamics Inc., has applied for a permit to build a recycled-content aluminum melt shop in Benson, Arizona. This facility would produce recycled aluminum ingots to supply its mill in Columbus, Mississippi, which is currently under construction. The proposed plant faces local opposition due to concerns about water usage and air emissions, although civic officials support the projected 90 jobs it would create."], ["20250730", "Procter & Gamble anticipates a $1 billion tariff hit in fiscal year 2026, leading to a disappointing outlook and planned price increases on some products. The company projects annual sales growth between 1% and 5%, falling short of analyst expectations, and attributes a significant portion of the tariff cost to imports from China, Canada, and other global regions. Despite the challenges, P&G expects customers to continue purchasing its products due to brand loyalty, even during economic downturns."], ["20250729", "Whirlpool's shares tumbled 12% after the company slashed its full-year earnings forecast and annual dividend. This downturn is attributed to pressure from rivals importing goods ahead of impending U.S. tariffs. Despite manufacturing predominantly in the U.S. and expecting long-term benefits from tariffs, a rush by Asian manufacturers to sell products before duties are imposed has negatively impacted its recent earnings and market share."], ["20250729", "Michigan offered Western Digital Technologies a $6 billion incentive package, including cash grants, tax exemptions, and site preparation funds, to invest $63 billion and create 9,400 jobs in Genesee County. Despite this substantial offer, the company declined, leaving the state's efforts to attract large-scale manufacturing unsuccessful. A study by the Mackinac Center for Public Policy indicates that only one in eleven jobs promised by business subsidies are actually created, and Michigan has seen a decrease in auto manufacturing jobs despite claims to the contrary."], ["20250729", "MarineMax released its fiscal 2025 third-quarter financial results, reporting a 13.3% decline in revenue to $657.2 million and a 9% decrease in same-store sales due to lower new boat sales. Adjusted net income for the quarter was $11.0 million, significantly down from $34.8 million in the prior year, leading the company to revise its fiscal 2025 guidance downward. CEO Brett McGill attributed the challenges to economic uncertainty, evolving trade policies, and geopolitical tensions, but noted contributions from diversified higher-margin businesses and a strong underlying interest in boating."], ["20250729", "Executives at Labcorp and Quest Diagnostics have downplayed the potential negative impacts of the Republicans\u2019 \"One Big Beautiful Bill,\" which includes significant Medicaid cuts, on their laboratory testing services. Both companies anticipate minimal effects on their revenue and testing volumes in the near term, with any significant changes not expected until 2028 or later, as states adjust to the new policies and individuals find alternative insurance. They emphasize that while the bill will decrease federal healthcare spending by $1.1 trillion over a decade and could lead to 10 million Americans losing health insurance, lab testing constitutes a small fraction of overall healthcare expenditures."], ["20250729", "Stellantis reinstated its 2025 guidance, predicting higher net revenue and low single-digit operating income margins for the second half of the year under new CEO Antonio Filosa. The company faced a significant net loss of $2.61 billion in the first half of 2025 and is navigating structural challenges including tariffs, overcapacity, and the costly electrification transition. Filosa emphasized launching new products and making \"tough decisions\" to improve performance, while also planning to revive gas-powered models like the Hemi V-8 Ram 1500 due to less stringent emissions requirements."], ["20250729", "HCA Healthcare reported strong Q2 2025 earnings, with a 24% increase in diluted EPS to $6.84, exceeding expectations. The company raised its full-year 2025 guidance due to solid revenue growth, improved payer mix, and effective strategic initiatives. Discussions also covered the manageable impact of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, ongoing resiliency programs, and volume trends across different payer classes, including commercial and Medicare Advantage."], ["20250729", "Rockwell Automation (ROK) is poised to benefit from tariff relief prospects, according to KeyBanc, which maintained an Overweight rating and increased its price target to $370. The firm reduced its second-half 2025 tariff cost headwind forecasts from $125 million to $70 million, driven by recent developments in the EU and Asia. Rockwell Automation is a leading player in industrial automation, offering solutions to improve manufacturing efficiency and optimization."], ["20250729", "DTE Energy is in advanced discussions with data centers for 7 GW of new load in Michigan, necessitating investment in battery storage and new generation capacity. The company anticipates beginning construction of storage assets in 2026 to meet near-term demand, with additional investments in baseload generation for longer-term needs. This potential surge in demand, partly driven by new tax breaks, represents significant upside to DTE's $30 billion five-year investment plan."], ["20250728", "Senators Ted Budd and Bill Hagerty, along with several colleagues, reintroduced the Defending American Property Abroad Act to deter and punish foreign governments in the Western Hemisphere that unlawfully seize American assets. This bill is a direct response to the Mexican government's ongoing actions against U.S.-based Vulcan Materials Company, which has involved the seizure of a deep-water port and a prior invasion of its facility. The legislation aims to protect American companies operating abroad from expropriation and ensure consequences for such actions."], ["20250728", "Transportadora de Gas del Sur (TGS) was the sole bidder in the tender for the expansion of the Perito Moreno Gas Pipeline (formerly N\u00e9stor Kirchner Gas Pipeline), a project estimated at $500 million. This initiative, declared of public interest by the Argentine government, aims to increase the gas pipeline's transport capacity to 35 million cubic meters per day, generating significant economic benefits by substituting energy imports. It represents the first public work financed by private investment under the current administration, combining a public tender for one section with TGS's own regulated works."], ["20250728", "Synchronoss Technologies has received a $33.9 million tax refund under the 2020 CARES Act, including $5.9 million in interest. The company has used approximately $22.6 million of this refund to pay down its existing term loan, with an additional $3.7 million expected by Labor Day 2025. This debt reduction is anticipated to generate $2.9 million in annual interest savings and position the company for a potential 50-basis point reduction in its loan interest rate."], ["20250728", "A New Mexico school district is seeking to debar online learning provider Stride Learning, Inc. (LRN), which could result in the company being placed on a registry of vendors excluded from state government contracts. This action could jeopardize Stride's ability to secure or renew contracts with public schools in New Mexico and other states. The full article content is locked for subscribers."], ["20250728", "JAKKS Pacific reported a 20% drop in Q2 net sales to $119 million, primarily due to higher import costs and tariff impacts, with domestic sales falling 31%. Despite this, international sales surged by 41%, and new product launches boosted gross margins. The company experienced an operating loss but saw adjusted EBITDA turn positive, showing resilience in navigating market challenges."], ["20250728", "Despite earlier plans for a full merger failing due to cultural and priority clashes, Honda and Nissan are deepening their partnership in response to Trump Administration trade policies and the significant capital investment required for software-defined vehicles. Their collaboration focuses on standardizing vehicle software development, infotainment platforms, and exploring optimized manufacturing facilities, particularly for light-truck production in the U.S. This strategic alliance aims to share costs and capital, addressing both technological advancements and potential tariff impacts."], ["20250728", "Algoma Steel has applied for a $500 million loan from the Canadian federal Large Enterprise Tariff Loan (LETL) program to enhance its liquidity. The company cites significant concerns over the ongoing 50 percent Section 232 tariff on Canadian steel imposed by the U.S., which is causing a structural imbalance in the Canadian market. This funding would support Algoma Steel as it nears completion of a $650 million investment in EAF steelmaking, emphasizing the importance of a strong Canadian steel industry for national economic strength and environmental goals."], ["20250728", "AECOM has been awarded three multi-award indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contracts by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Honolulu District, totaling over $400 million. These contracts will support critical infrastructure projects across the Pacific, focusing on modernizing facilities and enhancing mission-readiness. AECOM's involvement will include environmental planning, architectural and civil design, and strategic planning tailored to the region's unique challenges, building on their six-decade partnership with the Honolulu District."], ["20250728", "U.S. GoldMining Inc. commends the State of Alaska's plans to develop the West Susitna Access Project (WSAP), a 78.5-mile road that will connect the Whistler Gold-Copper Project to existing infrastructure in the greater Anchorage region. This infrastructure initiative is expected to stimulate economic growth and provide year-round public access to remote lands and resource development areas. Company CEO Tim Smith highlights the project's importance for accessing critical minerals like copper, aligning with both federal and state support for domestic supply."], ["20250728", "Revvity CEO Prahlad Singh acknowledged challenges in the company's immunodiagnostics business in China due to new lab reimbursement policies, leading to a projected \"meaningful pullback\" for the remainder of the year. Despite this, the company raised its full-year 2025 revenue guidance and retail investors on Stocktwits viewed the subsequent 8% stock drop as an overreaction, pointing out that regulatory changes affect all companies in the sector and Revvity's strong cash position."], ["20250728", "Vertex Inc. has released its 2025 Mid-Year U.S. Rates and Rules Report, indicating a substantial 24% increase in sales tax rate changes compared to the first half of 2024, primarily driven by local governments seeking revenue. The report highlights a significant rise in local tax changes, digital taxation expansion, and the ongoing global focus on e-invoicing compliance, underscoring the growing complexity for businesses. While only one state, Louisiana, raised its sales tax rate, economic factors such as inflation and uncertainty in federal tax policy suggest more changes are anticipated."], ["20250728", "NextEra Energy Resources expanded its renewables backlog by 3.2 GW, reaching a total of 29.5 GW as of July 23, 2025. This growth is largely driven by demand from technology and data center customers, particularly AI-focused hyperscalers. Despite policy shifts like the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA), NextEra continues to see robust demand for renewables, with its subsidiary Florida Power & Light also planning significant solar and storage additions."], ["20250728", "The uranium sector is poised for significant growth driven by global energy demands and supportive U.S. policies like President Trump's executive orders to quadruple nuclear capacity by 2050. This article compares two prominent uranium players, Cameco (CCJ) and Uranium Energy (UEC), assessing which offers a better investment opportunity. While Cameco offers stability and consistent performance as a large, established miner, Uranium Energy presents higher growth potential with increased risk, aligning with U.S.-focused policy trends."], ["20250728", "The largest shipping company servicing Hawai\u02bbi, Matson, has suspended new bookings for electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles due to fire risks from lithium-ion batteries. This decision comes despite Hawai\u02bbi's efforts to reach net-zero emissions by 2045, which includes incentives for EVs. While Pasha Hawai\u02bbi continues to ship these vehicles, the suspension raises concerns about potential shipping delays and price increases for EVs in the state, though Matson hopes to resume transport once safety solutions are implemented."], ["20250728", "Three plan participants have filed a complaint against Franklin Templeton, alleging that the company mismanaged its retirement savings plan by investing 75% of its $1.6 billion assets under management into poor-performing, low-rated, proprietary investments. The fiduciaries are accused of breaching their duties under ERISA by using funds that continuously underperformed benchmarks and failing to monitor appointed fiduciaries. Franklin Templeton has declined to comment on the allegations."], ["20250728", "HCA Healthcare raised its full-year revenue and profit outlook for 2025 despite anticipating softer patient volumes. The company attributed the revised forecast to approval of its state-directed payment program in Tennessee and improved operational performance, though it acknowledges challenges from slower Medicaid, Medicare, and self-pay volume growth. HCA plans to invest $5 billion into growth initiatives and implement resiliency programs to mitigate financial impacts from regulatory changes."], ["20250728", "Nucor reported net earnings of over $600 million in Q2 2025, a significant increase from Q1 2025, but still behind its highly profitable 2024 pace. The steelmaker saw an 8% increase in average selling price per ton compared to Q1 2025 and experienced increased earnings in its Raw Materials business unit. Despite resilient demand, Nucor anticipates slightly lower earnings in Q3 2025 due to expected margin compression in its steel mills segment."], ["20250728", "Ford Motor Co. has secured a $3 billion term loan credit agreement, available until July 28, 2026, with loans maturing by December 31, 2028. This action, administered by JPMorgan Chase Bank, aims to enhance Ford's liquidity and financial flexibility, especially in light of economic uncertainties such as tariffs and potential recession. As part of the agreement, Ford is required to maintain a minimum cash reserve of $4 billion."], ["20250728", "Greek equities have shown strong performance in 2025 due to structural reforms, fiscal discipline, and a favorable macroeconomic environment, yet valuations remain attractive. The article highlights key factors such as low P/E ratios, an upgrade to investment-grade status, projected GDP growth, and potential reclassification to Developed Market status as compelling reasons for investment. Greece presents a unique opportunity, combining Emerging Market growth prospects with Developed Market stability, making it a strategic addition to diversified portfolios."], ["20250727", "Global manufacturing company Jabil is investing over \u20b92,000 crore in India to manufacture silicon photonics and other electronics items at its nearly completed plant in Sanand, Gujarat. This investment aligns with the government's Telecom Production-Linked Incentive (PLI) Scheme, which has disbursed \u20b91,162 crore to 21 manufacturers, including Jabil as the top beneficiary. The initiative aims to boost domestic manufacturing and self-reliance in the telecom sector, though experts emphasize the need for stronger alignment with telecom operators to prioritize local value addition."], ["20250726", "Carter's Inc (CRI) reported a 4% increase in Q2 2025 sales, driven by US retail and international segments, despite a decline in adjusted operating income and EPS. The company is actively working to mitigate the significant impact of higher tariffs, which are projected to reach $125 million to $150 million, primarily through price adjustments and cost-sharing with vendors. Carter's remains committed to long-term profitable growth by enhancing consumer experience, optimizing its store fleet, and leveraging its strong brand reputation in a promotional and competitive market."], ["20250726", "HCA Holdings Inc. reported strong Q2 2025 results, surpassing earnings per share and revenue forecasts, with EPS of $6.84 and revenue of $18.61 billion. Despite the positive financial performance, the company's stock experienced a 2.1% decline in aftermarket trading. HCA raised its full-year 2025 guidance, anticipating revenues between $74 billion and $76 billion and diluted EPS of $25.50 to $27.00, while also addressing potential impacts of healthcare policy changes and the expiration of enhanced premium tax credits through \"resiliency programs.\""], ["20250725", "President Trump's executive order on AI data centers signifies a major governmental backing for the AI industry, classifying supporting infrastructure as a national priority. This policy change aims to fast-track development, attract significant private investment, and address the massive energy demands of next-generation AI models. The article suggests this marks the beginning of a new industrial age in the U.S., driven by data and compute power, with early investors positioned for substantial rewards."], ["20250725", "Perini Management Services Inc., a subsidiary of Tutor Perini Corp., has started a $20.4 million infrastructure project at the U.S. Coast Guard\u2019s R\u00edo Bayam\u00f3n housing complex in Puerto Rico. This design-build initiative, part of a broader federal push to strengthen critical infrastructure, includes new access roads, security fencing, utility upgrades, and storm drainage improvements. Construction began in January and is expected to be substantially complete by spring 2027."], ["20250725", "General Dynamics reported an 8.9% increase in Q2 2025 revenue, reaching $13 billion, with diluted earnings per share up 14.7% to $3.74. CEO Phebe Novakovic highlighted ongoing supply chain challenges affecting the marine systems sector but noted progress through collaboration with the U.S. Navy. The company achieved a record backlog of $103.7 billion and reported strong growth across its marine systems, aerospace, combat systems, and technologies business segments."], ["20250725", "Centene has significantly cut its 2025 earnings guidance, projecting $1.75 per share, down from a previous $7.25, with a potential further drop to $1.25. This steep revision follows a Q2 loss of $253 million, primarily due to increased utilization, higher costs in Affordable Care Act (ACA) marketplaces, and a shift towards higher-morbidity members. CEO Sarah London attributes these challenges to program integrity changes impacting enrollee mix, Medicaid redeterminations, and more aggressive provider coding, but states the company is adjusting pricing for 2026 to address these trends."], ["20250725", "Mexico\u2019s antitrust watchdog, COFECE, has accused 21 banks and financial institutions, including the Mexican subsidiaries of HSBC, Santander, and Bank of Nova Scotia, of likely fixing fees related to deferred credit card payments. The 649-page document details alleged anti-competitive practices, such as regularly meeting to set merchant surcharges and collectively enforcing regulations. The accused parties now enter a trial-like phase where they can present their defense, facing potential fines of up to 10 percent of their annual Mexican earnings if the allegations are upheld."], ["20250725", "Kansas regulators have approved a 9% rate increase for Black Hills Energy natural gas customers, leading to a nearly $6 monthly increase for residential users. This decision, approved by the Kansas Corporation Commission, is based on a settlement agreement that will raise base rates by $10.8 million, less than the company's initial request. The new rates are set to take effect on August 1 and also include a nearly $3 million refund to customers from excess deferred income tax."], ["20250725", "Carter\u2019s, Inc. announced its second quarter fiscal 2025 results, revealing a 4% increase in net sales to $585 million but a significant decline in profitability, with diluted EPS dropping to $0.01 from $0.76 year-over-year. The company attributed the mixed performance to investments in pricing, new stores, increased compensation, and higher tariffs, leading to a suspension of its fiscal 2025 guidance. Despite challenges, the new CEO expressed optimism, focusing on thoughtful investments and balancing transactional value with emotional connection to foster customer loyalty."], ["20250725", "Churchill Downs Inc. reported record second-quarter revenue of over $934 million, a 5% increase from the prior year, driven by historical racing machine entertainment and digital wagering. The 151st Kentucky Derby also achieved its highest average viewership since 1989, peaking at nearly 22 million viewers. The company plans infrastructure improvements and anticipates a favorable impact on income in 2025 due to recent tax law changes."], ["20250725", "The New Hampshire Public Utilities Commission is set to decide on Eversource Energy's request for a $103 million annual increase in distribution rates and a \"performance-based\" regulatory overhaul. Consumer advocates oppose the plan, arguing it would shift financial risk to consumers, reduce regulatory oversight, and disproportionately harm low-usage customers with a proposed 43.4% increase in the fixed monthly residential charge."], ["20250725", "Sysco Corporation has opened its second Sysco To Go store in Houston, located near the medical center and NRG Stadium. The retail store aims to provide convenience and quality food service products to local restaurants, food truck vendors, small businesses, and caterers, including a focus on diverse culinary needs like Latin cuisine and Halal meat. Houston Council member Martha Castex-Tatum highlighted the store's role as an investment in the city's culinary economy and a resource hub for local food entrepreneurs."], ["20250725", "Steel Dynamics reported a net income of $299 million in Q2, down from $428 million in the same period last year, due to trade policy uncertainty impacting customer demand. Despite a year-over-year profit decline, the company saw a 66% increase in operating income from Q1. CEO Mark Millett expressed confidence in future demand, anticipating market strengthening as trade agreements stabilize."], ["20250725", "CF Industries Holdings Inc. has started a carbon dioxide dehydration and compression facility at its Donaldsonville Complex in Louisiana, enabling the transportation and permanent geological sequestration of up to 2 MTPA of CO2. ExxonMobil, as the CCS partner, will be storing the CO2, initially through enhanced oil recovery and later transitioning to dedicated permanent storage like the Rose CCS project. This initiative marks a significant step in CF Industries' decarbonization efforts, aiming to produce 1.9 MTPA of low-carbon ammonia and qualify for 45Q tax credits."], ["20250724", "Peabody Energy Corporation (NYSE: BTU) saw its share price surge by over 16% this week, driven by China's crackdown on coal overmining and new U.S. legislation. The Chinese government's inspections in major coal hubs aim to curb excessive production, while President Trump's \"Big, Beautiful Bill\" mandates more federal land for mining and provides tax credits for metallurgical coal. The article suggests that while BTU has potential, certain AI stocks might offer better upside with less risk."], ["20250724", "The Argentine government has extended the license of Transportadora de Gas del Sur (TGS) by 20 years, allowing it to operate until December 2047. TGS, a major gas pipeline operator managing over 9,000 kilometers of pipelines, had its license prolonged due to its fulfillment of investment obligations, low penalty rates, and consistent service quality. This decision ensures the continuity of natural gas transportation services in the southern region of Argentina."], ["20250724", "The Argentine government has extended Transportadora Gas del Sur's (TGS) natural gas transportation service license for an additional 20 years, ensuring its operation until December 2047. This marks the first such extension for a regulated company in the sector, following an evaluation by Enargas and a public hearing. TGS had previously announced a five-year investment plan of over $362,000 million by 2029, reinforcing the significance of this license extension."], ["20250724", "The Argentine government has extended Transportadora de Gas del Sur's (TGS) public natural gas transport service license for another 20 years, until 2047. The decision, formalized by Decree 495/2025, requires TGS to drop all pending legal, administrative, or arbitration claims against the State to ensure the agreement's validity. This extension aims to provide legal and operational predictability for a strategic service crucial to Argentina's energy supply and export projects."], ["20250724", "The Argentine government has extended the license for Transportadora de Gas del Sur (TGS) to provide public gas transportation services for an additional 20 years, now valid until December 28, 2047. TGS, which operates over 9,000 kilometers of pipelines and transports more than 60% of Argentina's natural gas, secured the extension by demonstrating fulfillment of investment obligations, maintaining service efficiency, and avoiding significant interruptions. This decision solidifies TGS's role as a central operator in the national energy infrastructure and was formalized via Decree N\u00b0 495/2025 following an agreement signed on July 11, 2025."], ["20250724", "STMicroelectronics, a supplier to Tesla and Apple, saw its shares slump after forecasting another quarter of lower chip sales and warning about uncertainty due to President Trump\u2019s tariffs. The company expects third-quarter revenue to be down 2.5% on year, with its gross margin also taking a hit. This follows a second quarter where sales were down more than 14% year-on-year."], ["20250724", "NextEra Energy believes it is well-positioned to navigate potential challenges from the Trump administration's \"One Big Beautiful Bill Act,\" which is expected to eliminate certain tax credits for renewable energy projects. CEO John Ketchum stated during an earnings call that the company's continuous construction allows them to secure tax credits through 2029, potentially increasing their market share as smaller competitors face rising costs. Despite this optimism, analysts expressed skepticism, leading to a nearly 5% dip in NextEra's stock, though the company did beat second-quarter earnings estimates."], ["20250724", "Molina Healthcare has reduced its 2025 earnings guidance for the second time, now forecasting \"no less than\" $19 adjusted EPS, down from an initial $24.50. This downward revision is attributed to significantly higher medical costs across its Affordable Care Act and Medicaid plans, reflecting a market-wide increase in enrollees' health needs and policy uncertainties. Despite increased membership, Molina faces pressure on margins and plans to raise ACA prices next year while hoping for state payment rate adjustments for Medicaid."], ["20250724", "Marathon Petroleum introduced racial diversity hiring goals into its employee bonus programs in 2021, while simultaneously removing a safety metric from those calculations. This shift caused concern among employees and coincided with a series of significant safety incidents and fatalities at Marathon facilities. Critics argue that prioritizing diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) over safety created a culture where crucial safety considerations were deprioritized, leading to adverse consequences."], ["20250724", "Infleqtion, a global leader in quantum technologies, plans to build the first utility-scale neutral atom quantum computer in Illinois. This initiative is supported by a $50 million public-private partnership with the Illinois Quantum and Microelectronics Park and the National Quantum Algorithms Center. The project will leverage Infleqtion\u2019s Sqale platform to achieve 100 logical qubits and establish Illinois as Infleqtion\u2019s quantum computing headquarters, fostering job creation and research development."], ["20250724", "Quantum computing startup Infleqtion is investing $50 million to establish a quantum computer facility in Chicago, making it the global headquarters for its quantum computing operations. This initiative is part of Illinois's broader plan to revitalize former industrial sites into the Illinois Quantum and Microelectronics Park, attracting significant investment and creating jobs in cutting-edge industries. The park, which includes tenants like IBM and DARPA, aims to become a central hub for the entire quantum computing supply chain."], ["20250724", "Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation (NASDAQ: GLDD) has launched the Acadia, the first U.S.-flagged, Jones Act-compliant subsea rock installation vessel, at Hanwha Philly Shipyard. This vessel is designed for critical scour protection for subsea infrastructure and has already secured contracts through late 2026, including for the Empire Wind I offshore wind farm. The launch signifies a major step for the U.S. offshore wind industry and Hanwha Philly Shipyard, which recently acquired the historic shipyard and is expanding its orderbook."], ["20250724", "Clean Energy Fuels has completed the sale of $29.5 million in investment tax credits through its joint venture, CE bp Renew. This transaction finalizes the monetization of ITCs from six operating renewable natural gas (RNG) projects, including four dairy RNG facilities in the U.S. These projects are estimated to produce 3.9 million gallons annually of negative carbon-intensity RNG for heavy-duty transportation, reinforcing Clean Energy's role in the clean fuel sector."], ["20250724", "The Argentine government has extended the license for Transportadora de Gas del Sur Sociedad An\u00f3nima (TGS) by 20 years, allowing the company to continue operating until December 28, 2047. TGS, a subsidiary of Pampa Energ\u00eda, plays a crucial role in the national energy infrastructure, transporting over 60% of the gas consumed in Argentina. The extension was granted after TGS demonstrated compliance with investment obligations, service standards, and regulatory requirements."], ["20250724", "Group 1 Automotive forecasts increased tariff impacts in the latter half of 2025, despite performing well in the second quarter of the year. The company is cautiously preparing for potential disruptions due to these impending tariffs."], ["20250724", "Community Health Systems (CHS) exceeded Q2 revenue and earnings estimates but saw a slowdown in volumes attributed to declining consumer confidence and immigration fears, particularly in Arizona, Texas, and Florida. The company also announced the upcoming retirement of CEO Tim Hingtgen and tightened its full-year earnings guidance due to reduced admissions growth expectations. CHS anticipates a significant EBITDA hit over 13 years from the \"One Big, Beautiful Bill\" due to reduced Medicaid reimbursement, though it expects to benefit from restored interest deductions."], ["20250724", "A Dow Chemical Company reportou um preju\u00edzo de US$ 835 milh\u00f5es no segundo trimestre de 2025, revertendo o lucro do ano anterior, devido \u00e0 queda nas vendas em todos os segmentos. A empresa atribui parte desse desempenho \u00e0s incertezas da pol\u00edtica tarif\u00e1ria do governo Trump. Como consequ\u00eancia, a Dow cortou seus dividendos pela metade, e suas a\u00e7\u00f5es ca\u00edram 12% no pr\u00e9-mercado de Nova York."], ["20250724", "Nokia is facing a $100 million lawsuit from its employees concerning alleged underperforming 401(k) plan funds. The lawsuit claims that the company failed to manage the retirement savings effectively, leading to significant financial disadvantages for the plan participants. This legal action highlights growing scrutiny over how companies administer their employee retirement plans."], ["20250724", "Executives from Sanford Health Plan, Alignment Health, and SCAN Group are advocating for reforms in Medicare Advantage. They are pushing for enhanced competition within the Medicare Advantage sector and proposing changes to provider and benefit structures. The article mentions these leaders specifically addressing how these reforms can impact the healthcare landscape."], ["20250724", "Kellanova is phasing out synthetic FD&C color additives from its US food portfolio, committing to remove them from all school foods by the 2026-2027 academic year and from retail products by the end of 2027. This move aligns with a broader trend among major food manufacturers due to consumer demand and regulatory pressure, with the US Food and Drug Administration considering further restrictions on petroleum-based dyes. The company is transitioning to naturally sourced colors and is also pursuing a broader nutritional strategy to reduce sugar, sodium, and saturated fats while boosting fiber and micronutrients."], ["20250724", "The EPA has reached an agreement with Vistra Corp to begin the year-long cleanup of burned batteries at the Moss Landing facility, months after a significant fire. The agreement outlines over 30 safety plans and procedures Vistra must follow, including continuous air monitoring and an on-site firefighting company. Community concerns about environmental impact and worker safety are paramount, and Vistra will cover all cleanup costs."], ["20250723", "Lucid Group has launched the Minerals for National Automotive Competitiveness Collaboration (MINAC) with critical mineral producers Alaska Energy Metals, Graphite One, Electric Metals, and RecycLiCo. This initiative aims to accelerate the development of domestic critical mineral resources and strengthen the U.S.-based automotive supply chain for EV manufacturing. MINAC will focus on advancing domestic mineral production through offtake agreements, resolving barriers to commercialization, expanding coordination between mining and automotive sectors, and supporting the procurement of domestically produced materials by U.S. automakers."], ["20250723", "Algoma Steel Group Inc. is seeking between $400-million and $600-million in emergency financing from the Canadian government to navigate financial pressures exacerbated by increased U.S. tariffs on steel. CEO Michael Garcia stated that initial loan terms offered by Ottawa were \"unappealing\" due to high interest rates and fees. The company emphasizes its strategic importance as Canada's last independent primary steel maker and a key supplier to the defense sector, advocating for more favorable terms to ensure its long-term survival amidst a challenging trade environment."], ["20250723", "Freeport-McMoRan's CEO, Kathleen Quirk, stated that the company is still awaiting details regarding President Donald Trump's plan to impose a 50% tariff on copper imports, slated to begin next week. Despite the lack of clarity, the mining company reported better-than-expected quarterly results. Freeport, being the largest U.S. copper producer, stands to benefit significantly from such tariffs and is considering redirecting Indonesian copper supplies to the U.S."], ["20250723", "Old Dominion Freight Line has agreed to pay $1.9 million to resolve a lawsuit alleging mismanagement of its 401(k) plan. The settlement was reported by Robert Steyer on July 23, 2025. This article, published in Pensions & Investments, details the financial resolution of the legal dispute."], ["20250723", "Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) has confirmed discussions with the U.S. government regarding the architecture of former President Donald Trump's proposed '$175 billion Golden Dome' missile defense system, despite no contracts being issued yet. CEO James Taiclet stated the company is \"all in\" on future bids, leveraging its existing missile defense capabilities. This comes as the company prepares for potential demand, even though the project has not yet materialized in Lockheed's backlog and the company recently missed sales estimates but beat profit forecasts for Q2."], ["20250723", "TE Connectivity reported strong third-quarter results and gave an upbeat fourth-quarter forecast, driven by robust demand for its industrial products, especially those related to AI and data centers. The company successfully mitigated the impact of tariffs in the third quarter through price increases and supply chain adjustments, expecting a reduced but still present impact in the fourth quarter. Both revenue and adjusted profit for Q3 surpassed analyst estimates, and Q4 projections also exceed expectations."], ["20250723", "IperionX (NASDAQ: IPX) has significantly advanced its titanium production capabilities with the successful commissioning of its Virginia Titanium Manufacturing Campus and all major scrap-to-forged titanium manufacturing equipment. The company secured a US$99 million SBIR Phase III IDIQ contract from the U.S. Department of Defense, adding to previous DoD funding, and raised an additional US$46 million through a private placement to accelerate expansion. These milestones position IperionX as a key domestic supplier for critical materials, strengthening the U.S. supply chain for defense, aerospace, and general industrial sectors."], ["20250723", "AT&T reported strong second-quarter 2025 results, demonstrating growth in 5G and fiber subscribers and improved consolidated revenues and earnings. The company achieved 401,000 postpaid phone net adds and 243,000 AT&T Fiber net adds with significant revenue growth in Mobility and Consumer Wireline segments. AT&T also updated its financial outlook for 2025-2027, anticipating substantial cash tax savings from the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, which it plans to reinvest into network expansion and its employee pension plan."], ["20250723", "Hasbro CEO Chris Cocks expects toy prices to continue rising due to tariffs, despite the company announcing a strong second quarter with stock up 58% from its 52-week low. The company's \"Playing to Win\" strategy is showing validation, with record-setting results from MAGIC: THE GATHERING and strong contributions from other segments, leading to an increased full-year outlook. While overall revenue slightly decreased, the Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming segment saw significant growth, beating analyst estimates."], ["20250723", "Old Dominion Freight Line Inc. has agreed to a $1.9 million settlement to resolve allegations of 401(k) fee mismanagement. The class action lawsuit, filed by employees, claimed the company breached its fiduciary duties by allowing inflated fees for investment management and recordkeeping, leading to an estimated $32 million in excess costs for participants. The settlement is pending judicial approval."], ["20250723", "California officials are actively seeking a buyer for Valero Energy Corp.'s Benicia refinery, which is slated to close by April 2026, to safeguard the state's fuel supply amid high gasoline prices. The Valero refinery, the nation's second-largest by capacity, plans to shut down due to declining fuel demand and increasing regulatory pressure, but the state is intervening to prevent further market disruption. The California Energy Commission is facilitating talks with potential buyers like HF Sinclair and European operators to keep the refinery operational."], ["20250722", "Senator Bill Hagerty and a bipartisan group of colleagues have reintroduced the Defending American Property Abroad Act to counter foreign governments that unlawfully seize American assets, specifically targeting Mexico's actions against Vulcan Materials Company. The legislation aims to impose retaliatory prohibitions, such as banning vessels from entering U.S. ports if they used illegally seized foreign infrastructure, and empower the U.S. Trade Representative to investigate and respond to unfair treatment of American companies. This move follows ongoing efforts by the Mexican government to seize Vulcan's deep-water port, deemed a violation of the USMCA."], ["20250722", "Construction is set to begin this month on a $158 million command center for Guam's missile defense system, awarded to Granite Construction Inc. and Obayashi Corp. This project is a key component of the proposed Enhanced Integrated Air and Missile Defense System, aiming to provide 360-degree protection against various missile threats. While the system is a top defense priority, it has faced criticism regarding potential environmental impacts and lack of a comprehensive strategy for operation and personnel."], ["20250722", "General Motors announced a 35 percent drop in second-quarter profits, including a $1.1 billion impact from US tariffs, though its results still exceeded analyst estimates. The company anticipates lower profits in the latter half of 2025 due to seasonally reduced volumes, increased spending on vehicle launches, and the extended effect of tariffs. To mitigate these impacts, GM plans manufacturing adjustments and targeted cost initiatives, with capital projects to reconfigure its production footprint expected to take 18 to 24 months."], ["20250722", "Alcoa's CEO, Bill Oplinger, is advocating for Canada to be exempt from U.S. aluminum tariffs, highlighting the significant financial impact on the company's Quebec operations. The tariffs, which were doubled to 50% in June, have made Canadian aluminum exports to the U.S. unprofitable and cost Alcoa US$115-million in the second quarter. While the optimal solution is the removal of all tariffs, Oplinger suggests a carve-out for Canada given its integral role in supplying aluminum to various U.S. industries and the interconnectedness of the two countries' economies."], ["20250722", "General Motors reported that tariffs cost the company $1.1 billion in three months, reducing its profit margin from 9% to 6.1%. While GM hopes to mitigate these costs, Wall Street reacted negatively, causing GM stock to drop 6%. Other automakers like Stellantis are also experiencing significant tariff impacts and production adjustments."], ["20250722", "Philip Morris International's stock dropped significantly after the company reported a rare quarterly sales miss and issued a profit warning. The company attributed part of its struggles to a growing illicit market for cigarettes in both Indonesia and Europe, which is impacting revenue. This selloff represents the biggest post-earnings decline in at least five years for PMI."], ["20250722", "Coca-Cola announced it will introduce a new Coke product sweetened with U.S. cane sugar, a move following President Trump's public push for the company to use real sugar instead of high-fructose corn syrup. The company stated this new offering would expand its product line, complementing its existing core drinks. While Trump praised the decision, the U.S. corn industry expressed concerns about potential job losses and increased foreign cane sugar imports."], ["20250722", "Norton Rose Fulbright represented Banco Santander, S.A. in a US$500 million loan to CODELCO, with the facility also involving Commerzbank and ING Bank. The loan is guaranteed by SACE as part of its Push Strategy program, aiming to foster strategic partnerships in the South American mining sector and boost Italian exports to Chile. CODELCO will participate in business meetings with Italian companies facilitated by SACE."], ["20250722", "This article announces a replay of a webinar titled \"China Mid-Year Outlook: Trade Deal Loading, Consumption & Innovation Locked In.\" The webinar discusses the potential for a US-China trade deal amidst tariff turmoil, China's efforts to address oversupply, and the continued growth of China's consumer market and innovation ecosystem. KraneShares CIO Brendan Ahern and Head of International Dr. Xiaolin Chen cover China's equity market, stimulus policies, and overall economic outlook."], ["20250722", "The Coca-Cola Co. announced it will launch a version of its signature drink made with American cane sugar, following a public push from former President Donald Trump. While Trump praised this move, health experts note that cane sugar and high fructose corn syrup have essentially the same metabolic effects. This new product will complement Coca-Cola's existing line, typically sweetened with corn syrup in the U.S."], ["20250722", "Osisko Development Corp. has secured a US$450 million loan from Appian Capital Advisory Limited to advance its Cariboo Gold Project in British Columbia. This funding will support pre-construction, construction activities, and an infill drill program, aiming for project completion by 2027. While the project has received approvals from the B.C. government and some First Nations, the Xat\u015b\u016bll First Nation continues to oppose it."], ["20250722", "Indonesia's sovereign wealth fund, Danantara, intends to sign an $8 billion contract with U.S. engineering firm KBR Inc for the construction of 17 modular refineries. This deal is reportedly part of a recent trade pact between Indonesia and the United States, which resulted in a reduction of proposed U.S. tariff rates from 32% to 19%. This specific contract for refineries has not been previously disclosed, unlike other aspects of the trade deal, such as increased energy cooperation."], ["20250722", "General Motors reported second-quarter earnings that beat Wall Street's estimates despite a $1.1 billion tariff impact. The automaker affirmed its full-year guidance, which includes a possible $4 billion to $5 billion impact from auto tariffs, and is actively working to mitigate these costs. GM also noted a decline in profitability for electric vehicles due to recent changes in government incentives."], ["20250722", "General Motors announced a significant decline in its second-quarter profit, falling by over a third due to President Trump's tariffs, which cost the company more than $1 billion. This follows Stellantis's similar report of losses attributed to trade policies, highlighting the negative impact on the auto industry. G.M. expects tariffs to cost up to $5 billion for the full year but plans to offset some of this by cutting costs and shifting manufacturing to the United States."], ["20250722", "Conduent Incorporated is expanding the deployment of its Electronic Benefits Transfer (EBT) solutions across U.S. states to prevent fraud and enhance the customer experience. This includes a lock/unlock feature for SNAP benefits, currently available in 12 states, and the integration of advanced anti-fraud tools like intelligent voice systems and real-time alerts. Future plans involve supporting EMV chip cards and mobile wallet integration for increased security and convenience in benefit access."], ["20250721", "3M reported strong second-quarter results with organic sales growth across all business units and improved margins, despite a slight decline in net profit. The company saw significant growth in its Safety & Industrial unit and updated its 2025 outlook to reflect a positive change in the impact of tariffs, leading to an increased full-year EPS guidance. CEO William Brown highlighted the consistent organic growth across all business units for the third consecutive quarter due to the 3M excellence operating model."], ["20250721", "Global telecom holding VEON, owner of Kyivstar, plans to list the company on NASDAQ and wants to make shares available to Ukrainian investors. However, current currency restrictions under martial law are preventing this \"people's IPO.\" The listing of Kyivstar Group Ltd is expected by the end of 2025."], ["20250721", "Granite-Obayashi 2, a joint venture between Granite Construction and Obayashi Corp., has secured a $158 million task order from the Naval Facilities Engineering Command (NAVFAC) for construction services in Guam. The project, supporting the Guam Defense System, involves building a security forces office, a fire pump building, and extensive infrastructure work. This award highlights Granite's ongoing commitment to national defense infrastructure and its partnership with NAVFAC, with work set to conclude in 2028."], ["20250721", "Brazil is quickly becoming a leader in block reward mining, driven by abundant renewable energy, a clear regulatory framework, and new partnerships. Recent deals, such as Tether's collaboration with Adecoagro to use renewable energy for Bitcoin mining and Enegix Global's data center in Piau\u00ed, highlight the country's potential. These developments position Brazil as a key player in Latin America's digital asset ecosystem, though challenges like potential tax increases remain."], ["20250721", "Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., a North American steel company, reported its Q2 2025 earnings, revealing $4.9 billion in revenue and an adjusted net loss of $247 million. CEO Lourenco Goncalves expressed optimism due to President Trump\u2019s tariffs and aligning market trends, anticipating a stronger second half of 2025. The company showed improvements in pricing, costs, and sales volumes during the quarter."], ["20250721", "Trump Media and Technology Group announced it has accumulated approximately $2 billion in bitcoin and related assets, making up two-thirds of its liquid assets and significantly increasing President Donald Trump's net worth. Shares of TMTG, traded as DJT, rose following the announcement. This move highlights Trump's embrace of cryptocurrency, with other ventures like World Liberty Financial and the $TRUMP meme coin also contributing to his wealth."], ["20250721", "ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS INC. recently disclosed $390,000 in lobbying expenses for Q2 2025, focusing on the Inflation Reduction Act and supply chain tariffs. The article also details recent congressional and insider trading activity, with significant insider sales, and provides an overview of hedge fund activity, analyst ratings, and price targets for ALNY stock."], ["20250721", "Former Commonwealth Edison CEO Anne Pramaggiore has been sentenced to two years in federal prison and a $750,000 fine for her role in a bribery scheme involving former Illinois House Speaker Michael Madigan. Pramaggiore, described as a \"transformational leader\" at ComEd, was convicted of bribery conspiracy and falsifying company books as part of the \"ComEd Four\" trial. She plans to appeal the verdict and sentence, while federal prosecutors argued she had the power to stop the scheme but instead participated."], ["20250721", "A recent lobbying disclosure reveals GENWORTH FINANCIAL INC. spent $479,583 in Q2 2025, focusing on various legislative issues including tax extenders, mortgage insurance parity, housing finance reform, and the Basel 3 Endgame. The filing highlights the company's efforts to influence policy related to the financial services and housing industries. Additionally, the article reports on GNW's hedge fund activity and recent analyst ratings."], ["20250721", "Allstate Insurance Company recently disclosed $920,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, covering a range of issues including NFIP reauthorization, housing and urban development rules, and various acts related to disaster mitigation and insurance. The article also provides details on congressional stock trading, insider trading activity, hedge fund movements, analyst ratings, and price targets for Allstate (ALL)."], ["20250721", "Verizon Communications experienced revenue growth driven by phone upgrades, with free cash flow increasing. Despite effective promotional efforts, the company continues to lose postpaid wireless customers, necessitating costly retention strategies. Morningstar maintains a fair value estimate of $53 per share, viewing the stock as attractive, and expects competitive intensity to moderate beyond 2025."], ["20250721", "Cleveland-Cliffs reported a net loss of $470 million in Q2 2025, following a $483 million loss in Q1, primarily due to an unfavorable five-year steel slab pricing contract set to expire. Despite the losses, CEO Lourenco Goncalves highlighted strong domestic steel pricing, positive impacts of Trump administration tariffs, and ongoing footprint optimization initiatives. He also hinted at potential opportunities for overseas buyers to acquire stakes in the company's U.S. mill network."], ["20250720", "Entergy Arkansas plans to construct a new 754-megawatt natural gas-fired power generation facility, the Jefferson Power Station (JPS), adjacent to its existing White Bluff plant. This new station will replace the coal-fired White Bluff facility, which is slated to cease coal operations in 2028. The project is expected to create 700-800 construction jobs, support sustainability goals through decarbonization, and will require various state and federal approvals."], ["20250719", "China Galaxy International analyst Lei Yang downgraded PDD Holdings Inc. (PDD) stock's price target from $164 to $112, while maintaining a Hold rating. This downgrade follows a significant 48% drop in daily US users for Temu, PDD's e-commerce platform, in May compared to March, largely attributed to uncertainties from Trump's tariffs. The article also touches on PDD's multinational operations and suggests that certain AI stocks might offer greater upside potential with less downside risk."], ["20250719", "The province of Zuid-Holland has approved a permit for chemical company Chemours to emit trifluoroacetic acid (TFA), a PFAS variant, despite strong opposition from local municipalities, inspectors, and residents. While Chemours reduced the proposed emission amount, the regional environmental agency DCMR stated the levels are too low to significantly impact air quality, meeting legal requirements. This decision has sparked anger among local residents, who advocate for zero emissions."], ["20250719", "A recent lobbying disclosure revealed that Goldman Sachs Group Inc. spent $60,000 in Q2 2025, primarily on tax issues related to financial services, including H.R. 1 and the 2025 Budget Reconciliation Bill. The article also details congressional and insider trading activity in GS stock, along with recent hedge fund movements and analyst ratings for the company."], ["20250719", "UPS (United Parcel Service) recently disclosed $1,470,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, covering a range of issues including tariff policy, trade relationships, transportation regulations, and tax credits. The article also provides details on congressional stock trading involving UPS shares, where sales by members outnumbered purchases, and highlights significant hedge fund activity with both institutional investors adding and decreasing their positions. Additionally, recent analyst ratings show a positive sentiment with multiple \"Buy\" or \"Outperform\" ratings and a median price target of $124.0."], ["20250718", "The VOO ETF is maintaining its position above $510 despite inflation and rising tariff concerns, supported by robust corporate earnings growth, surging corporate liquidity, and strong bank cash reserves. Technology, communications, and AI sectors are driving S&P 500 earnings, while increased tariff revenues contribute to a U.S. fiscal surplus. With a stable labor market and a cautious Federal Reserve, the article suggests VOO remains a strong buy for long-only investors."], ["20250718", "President Trump has filed a $10 billion defamation lawsuit against The Wall Street Journal and its parent company, News Corp, over a story alleging he wrote a suggestive letter to Jeffrey Epstein. The lawsuit claims the WSJ falsely reported that Trump drew a naked woman and signed his name to mimic pubic hair, despite being informed the story was false beforehand. Trump's legal team is targeting Rupert Murdoch, Robert Thomson, and the two reporters, while Dow Jones maintains confidence in their reporting."], ["20250718", "Apollo Global Management has been selected to manage Singapore\u2019s new S$1bn private credit fund, aimed at stimulating enterprise growth. The fund was launched by the Ministry of Trade and Industry Singapore and Enterprise Singapore, seeking to provide innovative, non-dilutive financing solutions for high-growth local enterprises, especially for activities like international M&A and large capital expenditures. Although Apollo Management Singapore secured the mandate in May, more details about the fund and its eligibility criteria are expected in Q3 2025."], ["20250718", "A speculative comment by President Donald Trump about Coca-Cola potentially switching from high-fructose corn syrup to cane sugar has caused ripples in commodity markets and for ETF investors. While Coca-Cola has not confirmed the shift, the mere suggestion led to declines in corn refiner stocks and highlighted the potential impact on corn and sugar ETFs. The article discusses relevant ETFs like Teucrium Corn Fund (CORN), Teucrium Sugar Fund (CANE), and Invesco DB Agriculture Fund (DBA), underscoring the market's sensitivity to such commodity narratives."], ["20250717", "TeraWulf (WULF) saw a 7.8% surge in its stock price, closing at $5.25, driven by investor optimism regarding the potential passage of three bills aimed at regulating digital assets and cryptocurrencies. Despite a temporary snag preventing the immediate approval of these bills, including the Genius Act, Clarity Act, and Anti-CBDC Surveillance State Act, investors remain hopeful due to strong backing from former President Donald Trump, who has pledged to prioritize cryptocurrency. TeraWulf is also preparing to release its second-quarter earnings in August 2025."], ["20250717", "A $90 million verdict against Werner Enterprises, awarded to a family involved in a fatal 2014 crash, has been overturned by the Texas Supreme Court. The accident occurred on I-20 in Texas when an F-150 crossed a median into the path of a Werner semi-truck, resulting in severe injuries and one fatality. The Supreme Court ruled that the semi-truck driver and Werner Enterprises were not responsible, stating that the out-of-control F-150 was the sole proximate cause of the accident."], ["20250717", "SL Green Realty reported steady leasing activity in Manhattan's office market during the second quarter of 2025, maintaining 91.4% occupancy despite market volatility. CEO Marc Holliday noted that \"midsized\" leases from diverse industries contributed to this performance, and the company exceeded its financial results with FFO per share above analyst estimates. SL Green also raised significant capital, including surpassing its $1 billion fundraising goal for its Opportunistic Debt Fund, positioning it for future investments."], ["20250717", "The article details the ongoing legal and regulatory battles surrounding the proposed Pebble Mine in Alaska's Bristol Bay watershed, known for its sockeye salmon runs. It highlights the EPA's final determination to block the mine due to \"unacceptable adverse effects\" on the salmon fishery, and outlines various lawsuits filed by Alaska, Northern Dynasty Minerals, and Alaska Native Village corporations challenging the EPA's authority and seeking compensation. The timeline covers actions and litigation from the Obama, Trump, and Biden administrations, illustrating the complex and long-standing dispute over balancing economic development with environmental protection."], ["20250717", "Shares of Archer-Daniels-Midland (ADM) fell after President Donald Trump announced that Coca-Cola had agreed to use real cane sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup in its U.S. drinks. While Trump claimed Coca-Cola agreed, the company only stated that more details on \"new innovative offerings\" would be shared soon. The switch is controversial, with the Corn Refiners Association warning of potential job losses and increased foreign sugar imports, while PepsiCo noted its existing efforts to reduce corn syrup."], ["20250717", "Canadian National Railway (CN) plans to decommission portions of its railway line from Squamish to 100 Mile, impacting the Rocky Mountaineer's \"Rainforest to Gold Rush\" route. This decision has sparked discussions among BC leaders about potentially converting the corridor for passenger rail service, seeing it as a \"once-in-a-generation opportunity.\" While Rocky Mountaineer is assessing the long-term impact on its operations, local politicians are exploring the feasibility of acquiring the lease for public passenger rail or even transforming the line into an active transportation trail."], ["20250717", "Bristol Myers Squibb and Pfizer announced a new program to offer their blood-thinning drug, Eliquis, at a discount of over 40% to uninsured, underinsured, or cash-paying patients. This direct-to-consumer initiative, called Eliquis 360 Support, will begin shipments on September 8 and reflects a growing trend among pharmaceutical companies to bypass traditional distribution channels in response to government pressure regarding drug pricing. The program offers a 30-day supply for $346, compared to its current list price of $606, though Medicare's negotiated price next year will be even lower at $231."], ["20250717", "A Gartner survey reveals that 37% of finance leaders have paused some capital spending for the second half of 2025 due to economic and policy uncertainties. Despite this caution and widespread cost-cutting efforts (67% of leaders), investments in AI remain a top priority. Finance leaders are reallocating funds from low ROI areas to strategic AI initiatives, focusing on targeted enterprise use cases with measurable impact."], ["20250716", "A new U.S. federal policy change reclassifying small drones as ammunition is expected to significantly benefit Unusual Machines Inc. (UMAC), a Florida-based company manufacturing drone components. Litchfield Hills Research analyst Barry Sine projects a substantial increase in orders for UMAC, akin to Intel's role during the PC boom, due to the simplified procurement process for military units and expanded ammunition stockpiles. The firm reiterated a $20 target price, implying a 130% return, and anticipates a meaningful financial impact by year-end 2025."], ["20250716", "A computer system upgrade in Cook County is causing widespread delays in property tax refunds for residents and preventing revenue from reaching municipalities. The Cook County Treasurer's Office blames Tyler Technologies, the company hired for the $29 million project, for holding up $216 million in payments to taxing agencies and $56 million in refunds to property owners. County leaders also warn of delays in the second installment of tax bills due to these ongoing issues."], ["20250716", "J.B. Hunt Transport Services is implementing peak season surcharges earlier than usual this year due to uncertainties in global trade policies and varying customer forecasts. The company aims to prepare for potential volatility and ensure it doesn't absorb unexpected costs. While some customers anticipate a surge in volume due to new tariffs, others expect stable demand, leading J.B. Hunt to proactively manage capacity."], ["20250716", "Delta Air Lines has agreed to pay $8.1 million to settle allegations that it violated the False Claims Act by breaching compensation caps set under the Payroll Support Program (PSP) during the COVID-19 pandemic. The airline allegedly exceeded executive and employee compensation limits and falsely certified compliance, leading to the settlement without an admission of wrongdoing. A whistleblower will receive $850,500 as part of the resolution."], ["20250716", "Barclays Bank has been fined \u00a342m by the UK's Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) for significant failures in its money laundering risk management, specifically related to its dealings with two clients, Stunt & Co and WealthTek. The bulk of the fine, \u00a339.3m, was for insufficient monitoring of Stunt & Co, which received \u00a346.8 million from a known money laundering operation, Fowler Oldfield. The remaining fine was for failing to perform basic checks on WealthTek, which would have revealed it was not permitted to hold client money."], ["20250716", "Evergy Kansas has reached a unanimous settlement agreement, pending Kansas Corporation Commission approval, to raise residential base rates by 9.6%, resulting in an approximate $9 monthly increase for average residential customers. This increase is in addition to a previously approved 8.6% rate hike for new natural gas and solar plants, leading to concerns about \"rate shock\" from consistent rate escalations. The settlement also includes a $128 million overall rate increase, affecting schools, churches, and industrial customers, and sets the return on equity for investors at 9.7%."], ["20250716", "CF Industries has successfully started its CO2 dehydration and compression unit at the Donaldsonville Complex in Louisiana, marking a significant step towards decarbonization. This initiative, in collaboration with ExxonMobil, facilitates the permanent geological sequestration of up to 2 million metric tons of CO2 annually and will enable CF Industries to produce approximately 1.9 million tons of low-carbon ammonia, qualifying for significant 45Q tax credits. The project underscores a strategic business decision positioning CF Industries at the forefront of the low-carbon economy."], ["20250715", "NEXTERA ENERGY INC. disclosed $60,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, focusing on clean energy and energy tax provisions. The company's stock has seen significant congressional trading with 13 trades in the past six months, along with insider sales exceeding $3 million and substantial hedge fund activity. Analysts maintain a positive outlook, with several buy ratings and a median price target of $90.0."], ["20250715", "Procore Technologies, Inc. has achieved a Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP\u00ae) \u201cIn Process\u201d designation, moving closer to FedRAMP Moderate authorization. This designation highlights Procore's commitment to supporting U.S. public sector agencies and their contractors with secure technology solutions for infrastructure projects. Once authorized, Procore for Government will offer a FedRAMP Moderate authorized environment for its core construction management solutions, aiding collaboration and operational efficiency for federal and state agencies."], ["20250715", "The Merriam City Council has approved a five-year contract with GFL Environment LLC for citywide solid waste services, including trash, recycling, and yard waste pickup. This move transitions Merriam from a multi-hauler system to a single provider, aiming to save residents money and reduce traffic. Residents will pay approximately $23 per month, and the city is still finalizing the billing system."], ["20250715", "Despite a stronger-than-expected Q1, investors are cautious about Gap Inc. stock due to renewed tariff risks, flat forward guidance, and weakening consumer confidence. The stock experienced a significant drop, even as its peers performed better, indicating that while the valuation appears cheap, underlying issues are deterring investors. The article suggests that until fundamentals improve more broadly, the discount on Gap stock is likely to remain."], ["20250715", "The article discusses how the NEOS Bitcoin High Income ETF (BTCI) can offer an attractive income opportunity for investors, especially in an environment of potential U.S. dollar weakening and rising national debt. BTCI provides diversified exposure to Bitcoin through futures and options contracts, generating high monthly income by writing covered calls on BTC futures ETFs. The fund boasts a significant distribution rate, capitalizing on Bitcoin's volatility to earn premiums."], ["20250715", "Mueller Streamline Co. is investing $7.5 million to expand its distribution and packaging operations in Wynne, Arkansas, creating 60 new jobs over two years. This expansion is supported by the Wynne Economic Development Corporation and the Arkansas Economic Development Commission, and aims to boost economic opportunities in eastern Arkansas, particularly as Wynne continues its recovery from a 2023 tornado. Mueller Industries CEO Gregory L. Christopher emphasized the company's long-standing commitment to the local workforce and economy."], ["20250715", "Hesai Group, a China-based lidar manufacturer, is appealing to the US Court of Appeals after a US District Court upheld the Department of Defense's (DoD) decision to include the firm on a list of companies allegedly working with the Chinese military. Hesai maintains that its products are solely for civilian use and that the DoD's designation lacks factual and legal bases, stressing that the Court found no evidence of military use or direct connections to the Chinese military. The company is actively pursuing all legal avenues to protect its reputation and ensure fair treatment, viewing the DoD's reasoning as a dangerous precedent that could harm global technological collaboration."], ["20250715", "Morningstar has raised its fair value estimate for AMD to $140 per share after the U.S. government reversed its ban on the sale of AMD's MI308X graphics processors into China. This reversal allows AMD to compete in China's AI market alongside NVIDIA, leading to a reinsertion of $1.2 billion in 2025 revenue and $2.8 billion in 2029 AI GPU estimates for AMD. While AMD's shares appear modestly overvalued, the decision signals a potential shift in AI policy toward China, with implications for U.S. chipmakers."], ["20250714", "Nvidia announced it expects to resume sales of its H20 AI chips to China soon, after receiving assurances from the U.S. government that licenses will be granted. This decision follows CEO Jensen Huang's lobbying efforts and a recent meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump. The resumption of H20 sales, alongside new compliant AI chips for the Chinese market, is expected to reinforce Nvidia's leadership in the region and act as a growth catalyst."], ["20250714", "Taseko Mines Ltd has updated the technical report for its 100%-owned Yellowhead Copper Project in British Columbia, revealing significantly improved economics with an after-tax NPV of CAN$2.0 billion and a 25-year mine life. The enhancements are attributed to strengthening copper prices, engineering optimizations, and a potential CAN$540 million Clean Technology Manufacturing Investment Tax Credit. The project is poised to become a major North American copper producer, crucial for addressing future supply deficits."], ["20250714", "Waters Corp announced its plan to acquire a bioscience and diagnostics unit from Becton Dickinson in a $17.5 billion stock-and-cash transaction. This deal allows Becton Dickinson to shed a tariff-sensitive segment, while Waters expands its market in clinical and diagnostic applications. Waters shareholders will own 61% of the new entity, with Becton shareholders holding 39%."], ["20250714", "Nvidia announced on Monday that it can resume selling AI chips to China due to assurances from the U.S. government that licenses will be granted. The company hopes to begin deliveries of its H20 graphics processing units soon, following CEO Jensen Huang's recent meetings with President Trump and other officials to highlight the benefits of AI. This development marks a significant turn for Nvidia, which had been facing export restrictions in the massive Chinese market."], ["20250714", "The article discusses the accelerated push to develop new copper mines in the U.S., driven by former President Trump's pledge of higher tariffs on imported copper. This has led to record U.S. copper prices. Ivanhoe Electric is set to begin construction on its Santa Cruz mine in Arizona, aiming for production by late 2028, a significantly fast turnaround in the mining industry."], ["20250714", "Chubb CEO Evan Greenberg and Marsh McLennan CEO John Doyle are strongly criticizing the \"litigation investment industry\" following the failure of a proposed tax reform during the Trump administration. They argue that third-party litigation funding inflates jury verdicts, distorts the justice system, and drives economic inflation, urging for tax and transparency reforms. The article also highlights how Florida's recent tort reform has significantly cooled its courtroom environment, providing a potential template for other states dealing with rising \"nuclear verdicts.\""], ["20250714", "The NYC City Council rejected Bally\u2019s Corp.'s rezoning request for its proposed $4 billion Bronx casino, effectively ending the project before it could enter the state licensing process. The vote was 29-9 against the land-use changes, with Councilwoman Kristy Marmorato leading the opposition. Bally's chairman Soo Kim expressed disappointment, while Mayor Eric Adams criticized the Council's decision, stating it could deprive the Bronx of economic benefits."], ["20250714", "China-based lidar manufacturer Hesai Group appealed a U.S. court ruling that upheld its inclusion on a list of companies allegedly working with Beijing's military. A U.S. District Judge found substantial evidence for the Department of Defense's decision, citing lidar's military applications and national security concerns. Hesai is appealing the decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia."], ["20250714", "Jewett-Cameron Trading Company Ltd. (Nasdaq: JCTC) announced its fiscal 2025 third-quarter operational and financial results, noting a 21% decrease in total revenue primarily due to tariff uncertainty impacting customer purchasing patterns and an interruption in wood lumber supply. Despite these challenges, the Company saw an 85% growth in Lifetime Steel Posts\u00ae product sales and implemented cost optimization initiatives, including a 20% reduction in personnel. The company reported a net loss of $(0.6) million for the quarter as it navigates volatile tariff rates and supply chain issues."], ["20250714", "Direxion's Micron-focused ETFs, MUU and MUD, are attracting attention as Micron Technology Inc. (NASDAQ: MU) plays a critical role in the AI boom through its specialized memory chips. While MU has shown strong financial results and benefits from AI spending and political dynamics, it faces risks like commodity pricing and geopolitical tensions with China. These ETFs offer leveraged and inverse exposure to MU stock for traders looking to capitalize on its volatility."], ["20250714", "Taseko Mines Ltd. has released an updated technical report for its 100%-owned Yellowhead Copper Project in British Columbia, detailing significantly improved economics. The project now boasts a CAN$2.0 billion NPV and an IRR of 21% after-tax, with a 25-year mine life and average annual copper production of 178 million pounds. These improvements are attributed to strengthening copper prices and additional technical work, positioning Yellowhead as a world-class copper project."], ["20250714", "Starbucks Corp. (NASDAQ: SBUX) is facing a significant surge in coffee bean prices, primarily due to proposed tariffs by the Trump administration on Brazilian and Vietnamese imports, which could impact its earnings by at least 0.6%. This comes at a time when Starbucks is already grappling with increased competition, customer service issues, and internal challenges like store cleanliness and inventory management. CEO Brian Niccol is attempting to revitalize the company by focusing on customer experience and trimming the menu, but high coffee prices add another hurdle to its struggles."], ["20250714", "The U.S. Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJA) continues to fuel a building boom, with hundreds of billions still to be injected into the economy. This article highlights three infrastructure stocks\u2014Vulcan Materials (VMC), Fluor Inc. (FLR), and Eaton Corp. (ETN)\u2014that are well-positioned to benefit from this ongoing investment. These companies are capitalizing on demand for construction aggregates, large-scale infrastructure projects, and electrical grid modernization, respectively."], ["20250714", "MP Materials Corp. stock unexpectedly jumped 44.7% in July 2025 due to a broader economic preference for basic materials and a significant government bet. The U.S. Pentagon acquired $400 million in preferred stock, making them the largest shareholder, highlighting rare earth metals' importance for national defense. This move, coupled with an analyst's raised price target and high short interest, suggests further potential upside for MP Materials."], ["20250714", "SolarBank Corp. is adapting to new U.S. solar policy deadlines, leveraging its $100 million financing with CIM Group for advanced-stage projects while prioritizing development in solar-ready U.S. states. Concurrently, the company is expanding its Canadian footprint in Ontario and Nova Scotia, benefiting from stable policies and supportive initiatives. Despite policy shifts, SolarBank remains confident in the long-term outlook for U.S. solar and battery storage projects."], ["20250714", "ATI Inc. has completed a $40 million expansion of its Richland, Washington manufacturing facility, doubling its capacity to produce premium quality titanium for aerospace, defense, and industrial markets. This expansion enables ATI to meet a soaring demand for titanium and has added about 60 new positions to the plant. The upgraded facility, featuring an electron beam hearth furnace, will support over $1 billion in new sales commitments."], ["20250714", "Exchange-traded funds investing in Mexican and European stocks experienced declines Monday after the White House announced 30% tariffs would be imposed on these trading partners starting August 1. The iShares MSCI Mexico ETF dropped 1.2%, and the iShares MSCI Eurozone ETF fell 0.2%. These moves occurred as the U.S. stock market, represented by the S&P 500, saw a modest rise."], ["20250714", "CF Industries has commenced operations at its new carbon dioxide dehydration and compression plant in Louisiana, capable of capturing and storing up to 2 million metric tons of CO\u2082 annually. In partnership with ExxonMobil, the captured CO\u2082 will be stored geologically, qualifying CF Industries for 45Q tax credits and advancing its strategy to decarbonize global ammonia production. The project also benefits from a draft EPA Class VI permit for ExxonMobil's CCS Rose project, which could accelerate CO\u2082 storage on the Gulf Coast."], ["20250711", "Sunrun (NASDAQ: RUN), the largest U.S. residential solar installer, faces significant challenges due to policy shifts, expiring tax credits, and rising costs from tariffs. Historically volatile, especially during downturns, its stock could drop further from its current price of $11 to around $7 if similar market conditions recur. Investors are closely watching how effectively Sunrun can adapt its business model to these regulatory and economic pressures."], ["20250711", "Shares of Leslie's, SoundHound AI, E.W. Scripps, eHealth, and VF Corp experienced declines after the Trump administration announced intentions to impose a 35% tariff on goods imported from Canada, leading to investor concerns about potential retaliation and broader economic impact. The S&P 500, Dow Jones Industrial Average, and Nasdaq also opened lower, heading for their first weekly loss in three weeks. The article notes that significant price drops can create buying opportunities for high-quality stocks."], ["20250711", "A new Lobbying Disclosure Act filing revealed that GARMIN INTERNATIONAL INC. (GRMN) disclosed $50,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, focusing on general tax and legislative issues. The article also details recent insider selling activity, significant institutional investor movements, and current analyst ratings and price targets for GRMN."], ["20250711", "The U.S. Department of Energy approved an exchange from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve with ExxonMobil Corp., providing up to one million barrels of crude oil to address delivery issues at ExxonMobil's Baton Rouge refinery. This move aims to stabilize transportation fuel supplies in Louisiana and the Gulf Coast. ExxonMobil will return the borrowed oil, plus additional barrels, at no cost to taxpayers."], ["20250711", "Jim Cramer highlighted Cadence Design Systems (CDNS) as a crucial company in the semiconductor industry, providing essential electronic design automation (EDA) software for chip designers like NVIDIA. He noted the company's benefit from the Trump administration's rescission of export restrictions to China and emphasized its strong partnership with NVIDIA. Cramer also mentioned previous discussions about CDNS, suggesting a potential buying opportunity on weakness despite concerns about overbuilding for AI infrastructure."], ["20250711", "Electronics manufacturer Jabil Inc. is investing $500 million in a new facility in Rowan County, North Carolina, which is expected to create nearly 1,200 jobs. This investment aims to support the growing demand for cloud computing and artificial intelligence data centers, with new roles paying at least $62,000 annually. North Carolina secured the project over Florida with an incentive package exceeding $21 million, including up to $11.3 million from the Job Development Investment Grant program."], ["20250710", "The US government is set to become the largest shareholder in MP Materials, the sole operational rare earths mine in the US, to reduce dependency on China. The deal includes a commitment to purchase neodymium and praseodymium at a minimum price for 10 years and will fund a new US facility for processing these critical materials. This initiative by the Trump administration aims to secure domestic supply chains for essential components used in modern technology and defense."], ["20250710", "The Department of Labor (DOL) has sided with HP Inc. in a legal dispute concerning the management of forfeited funds within its 401(k) retirement plan. The DOL's amicus brief stated that using forfeited employer contributions to satisfy matching obligations, as alleged by plaintiff Paul Hutchins, does not violate ERISA, distinguishing fiduciary responsibilities from \"settlor\" decisions related to plan design and funding. This position is significant as it supports companies facing over 50 similar complaints this year and aligns with the DOL's stated goal of limiting ERISA litigation."], ["20250710", "State Senator Shelley B. Mayer testified before the Public Service Commission (PSC) to strongly oppose Con Edison's proposed rate increases, which would significantly raise electricity and gas delivery charges for her Westchester constituents. Mayer highlighted the unaffordability for residents, Con Edison's consistent shareholder dividends, and criticized the utility's high \"return on equity\" and the rate-setting process. She urged the PSC to reject the increases, scrutinize operating costs, and prioritize ratepayers over utility profits."], ["20250710", "Delta Air Lines reported strong second-quarter results, beating earnings estimates and reinstating its full-year guidance. CEO Ed Bastian attributed the improved outlook to greater economic clarity from the tax bill and progress in trade deals, which have removed previous uncertainties. The airline saw its stock soar, leading to a rally across the airline sector, with Bastian emphasizing Delta's focus on premium services and its strong performance in high-end leisure and business travel."], ["20250710", "Australian investors are reportedly increasing their holdings in Global X\u2019s Copper Miners ETF following an unexpected 50 per cent tariff on copper by President Trump, which caused record price surges. The tariff announcement led to a 17 per cent jump in COMEX copper futures to an all-time high of US$5.90, fueling strong inflows into the WIRE ETF and highlighting concerns over existing tight supply. This investor interest is driven by anticipated ongoing supply constraints and robust demand, reflecting a broader trend of increased investment in defence and precious metals ETFs amid geopolitical tensions."], ["20250710", "Aegon is calling on the UK government to clearly define pension adequacy ahead of the chancellor's upcoming Mansion House speech. The company advocates for measures such as building a consensus on retirement income, analyzing savings needs, implementing auto-enrolment reforms from 2017 including expanding the upper age to 75, and introducing a pension solution for the self-employed. Aegon's head of pensions, Kate Smith, emphasizes that these steps are crucial to reduce pension inequalities and ensure adequate retirement savings for future generations."], ["20250710", "The Defense Department will become the largest shareholder in rare earth miner MP Materials after agreeing to buy $400 million of its preferred stock. This investment aims to expand MP Materials' rare earths processing capacity and magnet production in the U.S., reducing dependence on foreign sources, particularly China. The deal caused MP Materials' shares to surge by about 50%, and the company plans to build a second magnet manufacturing facility with Pentagon support."], ["20250710", "Helen of Troy Ltd. (HELE) saw its shares plunge after missing fiscal 2026 first-quarter profit and sales estimates and providing a weak Q2 outlook. The company attributed the poor performance to slowing sales in its Beauty & Wellness and Home & Outdoor divisions, along with the negative impact of new U.S. tariffs. Due to \"evolving global tariff policies and related business and economic uncertainty,\" the company did not issue a full-year outlook."], ["20250710", "Federated Hermes Premier Municipal Income Fund (NYSE: FMN) has declared a stable monthly dividend of $0.0450 per share, payable on August 1, 2025. This tax-free dividend is exempt from both regular federal income tax and federal alternative minimum tax (AMT). Federated Hermes, Inc. (NYSE: FHI), the fund's manager, oversees $839.8 billion in assets as of March 31, 2025."], ["20250709", "Orion SA announced plans to close 3-5 carbon black production lines in the Americas and EMEA by the end of 2025. This strategic move aims to enhance free cash flow and focus on more efficient assets. CEO Corning Painter cited factors such as underperformance, new US tariffs, and the EU anti-dumping probe for the decision."], ["20250709", "Northern Dynasty Minerals Ltd. announced that it is in negotiations with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to explore a potential settlement over the Pebble project veto. The ongoing discussions are seen as a potential breakthrough by Northern Dynasty's CEO, Ron Thiessen, who emphasizes the importance of overturning the veto for national resource strategy and economic benefits in Alaska. The news led to a significant increase in Northern Dynasty's stock, further bolstered by President Trump's announcement of a 50% tariff on copper imports."], ["20250709", "The R Street Institute is hosting an online panel discussion on July 29th to explore the antitrust lawsuit against Live Nation and Ticketmaster. The event will delve into whether the case is sufficient to address competitive issues in the live event industry and what steps the administration can take to improve price, quality, and transparency in ticketing. Experts from R Street Institute, American Consumer Institute, and American Antitrust Institute will participate."], ["20250709", "Envirotech Vehicles has delivered its Bumble Bee electric school bus to Kopperl Independent School District in Texas as part of the EPA's Clean School Bus Program. This is the fourth electric school bus delivered by Envirotech in two weeks under an $8.57 million grant, with plans to supply 25 zero-emission buses across Texas and Arkansas. The initiative aims to improve air quality, reduce emissions, and enhance student health by transitioning school bus fleets to electric."], ["20250709", "Dollar Tree, Inc. has completed the $1 billion sale of its Family Dollar business segment to Brigade Capital Management and Macellum Capital Management. This sale concludes Dollar Tree's 10-year ownership of Family Dollar, and the company expects net proceeds of approximately $800 million and tax benefits of around $375 million. With this transaction, Dollar Tree plans to focus on its core business, accelerating growth and innovation as a standalone company."], ["20250709", "The Tax Court ruled that AbbVie's $1.6 billion termination fee paid to Shire plc was an ordinary deductible business expense, not a capital loss. The court focused on the \"Co-operation Agreement,\" determining it involved rights and obligations for services rather than property transfer, thus falling outside Section 1234A of the Internal Revenue Code. This decision could significantly impact the tax treatment of termination fees, though an IRS appeal remains a possibility."], ["20250709", "Global Ship Lease Inc. (GSL), a container-ship owner, is expected to benefit from President Donald Trump's tariff policies, according to B. Riley Securities analyst Liam Burke. The demand for small- to medium-sized vessels, like those operated by GSL, has increased due to market uncertainty caused by tariffs, providing a significant boost to the company. This demand reflects customers seeking more flexibility in shipping arrangements amid the volatile trade environment."], ["20250709", "Copper futures surged by as much as 17% to an all-time high after U.S. President Donald Trump threatened a 50% tariff on imports, fueling fears of supply chain disruption. This has led to a rise in copper-linked ETFs such as United States Copper Index Fund (CPER), Sprott Junior Copper Miners ETF (COPJ), Sprott Copper Miners ETF (COPP), and Themes Copper Miners ETF (COPA). Analysts predict a global copper deficit in 2025 and continued price increases due to rising demand from electrification and data centers, further intensified by potential U.S. tariffs."], ["20250709", "President Trump's proposed 50% tariffs on copper imports sent US Comex futures soaring, creating an unprecedented 25% gap with London Metal Exchange prices and incentivizing increased shipments to the US. Meanwhile, discussions are heating up regarding Jay Powell's successor as Federal Reserve Chairman, with Kevin Hassett, Kevin Warsh, and Scott Bessent reportedly in contention. Additionally, Merck & Co. announced its largest acquisition since 2023, purchasing Verona Pharma Plc for $10 billion to expand its drug portfolio ahead of its Keytruda patent expiration."], ["20250709", "Kansas regulators have approved Evergy's plan to increase rates for its Kansas Central customers by approximately 8.6% to fund the construction of two natural gas plants and one solar plant. This decision, which faced opposition from various groups concerned about rising utility costs and reliance on fossil fuels, enables Evergy to build plants totaling over $1.8 billion while a separate rate case for a potential 15% residential rate hike is still pending. Commissioner Dwight Keen expressed concerns about the frequency and magnitude of rate cases, urging Evergy to better align investments with load growth and mitigate large increases."], ["20250708", "Cresud Safic A, part of the Grupo IRSA, is proceeding with administrative steps to drill five wells in Luj\u00e1n de Cuyo's restricted aquifer, despite political and environmental objections. This move follows a modification to a previous resolution that had restricted such drilling, leading to legal challenges and a political backlash against the Department General de Irrigaci\u00f3n (DGI) superintendent, Sergio Marinelli, who defended the legality of the process. The authorisations are for agricultural use and are subject to several technical and legal requirements before final approval."], ["20250708", "Planet Hollywood and its affiliated companies are suing BankUnited for alleged fraud and negligence related to their Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loans. The restaurant chain claims that BankUnited forced them to reapply for loans, making them ineligible for $4.5 million in forgiveness, and earned additional fees through this process. Planet Hollywood is seeking full compensation for unforgiven loans and accumulated interest."], ["20250708", "Paccar, a truck manufacturer with a plant in Sainte-Th\u00e9r\u00e8se, Quebec, announced layoffs for at least 175 workers next month, adding to 250 job losses in December. These cuts are attributed to economic uncertainty and potential U.S. tariffs, despite the company's trucks currently being exempt from a 25% American tariff. The factory's daily production capacity has been significantly reduced, prompting concerns from local officials and union representatives about the future of manufacturing in Canada."], ["20250708", "NELNET INC recently disclosed $190,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, focusing on a wide range of issues including amendments to the Higher Education Act, student loan programs, banking regulations, and renewable energy tax credits. This lobbying activity was detailed in a new Lobbying Disclosure Act filing. The article also provides a brief overview of NELNET's hedge fund activity in Q1 2025, noting significant changes in institutional investor positions."], ["20250708", "The Kansas Corporation Commission has approved Evergy's plan to construct two natural gas plants and a new solar plant, despite objections from various groups and concerns over potential rate increases for customers. The decision will lead to an estimated 8.6% increase in bills for Evergy Kansas Central customers, funding plants costing over $1.8 billion, with Evergy Missouri West potentially co-owning the gas plants subject to Missouri approval. Critics, including industrial consumers and environmental groups, raised concerns about the frequency and magnitude of rate cases, the early retirement of coal plants, and the volatility of natural gas prices, while Evergy emphasized the need for new generation to meet growing demand and ensure system reliability."], ["20250708", "A proposal in Donald Trump\u2019s \"big, beautiful bill\" could impact the US betting market by changing tax laws for gamblers. Specifically, from 2026, US gamblers might only be able to deduct 90% of their losses against winnings, down from the current 100%. This change, primarily aimed at professional gamblers, is expected to create a \"modest headwind\" for US wagering volumes, potentially affecting companies like Flutter Entertainment (LSE:FLTR, NYSE:FLUT) (through FanDuel) and Entain (LSE:ENT) (through BetMGM), which have significant exposure to the US market."], ["20250708", "Enphase Energy and other solar stocks experienced a downturn in early trading following President Donald Trump's executive order to accelerate the phaseout of tax credits for clean electricity. Enphase's stock specifically received an analyst downgrade, contributing to its decline. The move also impacted electricity-generating companies with exposure to wind and solar markets."], ["20250708", "The firm CRESUD has announced the drilling of 5 water wells in the restricted right bank of the Mendoza River, a fragile and sought-after area. This decision by Irrigation comes after a long administrative and judicial process, and much political tension, especially since the restriction on new perforations was supposed to be maintained. The move has sparked controversy, as CRESUD gained access to water that was designated as \"remanent\" due to other permit holders not utilizing their allocations."], ["20250708", "Tesla shares fell 8% after CEO Elon Musk announced plans to launch a new political party called the \"America Party,\" raising concerns among investors about his focus on the EV maker. Investment firm Azoria postponed its Tesla ETF listing due to these developments, and its CEO questioned Musk's commitment to Tesla. Former President Donald Trump also criticized Musk's political ambitions, calling them a \"train wreck.\""], ["20250708", "Aqua Pennsylvania's Customer Assistance Program (CAP) offers monthly discounts on water and wastewater bills for income-eligible households, including a $40 credit for older balances and access to other assistance programs. Despite an estimated 70,000 eligible customers in Delaware, Montgomery, and Chester Counties, many are unaware of the program. Eligibility is based on household size and income, and interested individuals can apply through the Dollar Energy Fund's website to receive significant savings within one to two billing cycles."], ["20250708", "Bryan Ganz, CEO of Byrna Technologies Inc., expressed satisfaction with the Trump administration's tariffs. This positive outlook comes after the company shifted a significant portion of its production back to the United States, suggesting that the tariffs created a favorable environment for domestic manufacturing. Ganz referred to the situation as a \"win-win.\""], ["20250708", "Dakota Gold has released an initial assessment for its Richmond Hill project near Lead, South Dakota, indicating the potential for a significant open-pit gold mine. The project could yield 2.6 million to 3.9 million ounces of gold over 17 to 28 years, generating an estimated $6.1 billion to $8.7 billion in gold value and requiring a $384 million initial investment. The company expects to begin production as early as 2029 and estimates $400 million to $600 million in state severance taxes and hundreds of jobs."], ["20250707", "The Aluminium Association of Canada stated that Industry Minister M\u00e9lanie Joly misspoke when suggesting global aluminum giant Rio Tinto PLC was facing liquidity issues, clarification made after Joly indicated federal government talks to provide financial assistance to Rio. The industry group emphasized Rio Tinto's strong balance sheet and clarified that while the company faces challenges due to U.S. tariffs on aluminum, these are manageable and not indicative of a liquidity problem. Rio Tinto, with significant Canadian operations, is not in need of emergency funding; instead, it can re-route sales or curtail investments."], ["20250707", "PG&E is investing $50 million into new and existing financial assistance programs to help customers with past-due energy bills. This includes the new \"Match My Payment Program,\" which offers a dollar-for-dollar match up to $1,000 for qualifying low-to moderate-income customers, and the existing PG&E REACH program. The initiative aims to stabilize customer bills through 2025 and into 2026, offering aid to approximately 400,000 customers."], ["20250707", "General Dynamics Electric Boat has been awarded a $1.85 billion contract to procure essential components and commence early construction for future Virginia-class submarines for the US Navy. This contract aims to maintain the submarine program's schedule and ensure supplier readiness for upcoming production needs. The Virginia-class submarine program, initiated in 1998, currently has 24 submarines in active service and 16 either under construction or awaiting delivery, designed for both open-ocean and coastal missions."], ["20250707", "FuelCell Energy CEO Jason Few praised the \"One Big Beautiful Bill Act\" (OBBBA), highlighting its direct support for the fuel cell industry and its role in strengthening America's energy infrastructure and clean manufacturing. Few specifically pointed to the reinstatement and transferability of the Investment Tax Credit (ITC) as crucial for the sector and commended modifications to hydrogen provisions for ensuring stability for existing investments. The company believes the OBBBA will foster a more inclusive, American-led, and innovation-driven clean energy policy."], ["20250707", "Wells Fargo analysts anticipate tailwinds for Enphase Energy (ENPH) following recent revisions to a proposed Senate tax bill. The removal of a one-time excise tax on foreign content and the extension of a four-year \"safe harbor\" for solar project tax credit eligibility are expected to benefit Enphase and the broader solar sector. Enphase, a leader in microinverter and energy storage systems, is poised to capitalize on these changes, which strengthen the outlook for residential and commercial solar component providers."], ["20250707", "Zacks Equity Research highlights Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria (BBVA) as the Bull of the Day due to its strong financial performance, rapid growth, and innovative use of AI in banking. Conversely, Toyota Motor (TM) is named the Bear of the Day, facing significant challenges from potential US tariff hikes and already contracting profit margins. The article also touches on other companies like Comfort Systems USA, EMCOR Group, and Limbach Holdings, discussing their exposure to trade policy uncertainty in the construction and tech sectors."], ["20250707", "QuidelOrtho reported better-than-expected Q1 results driven by cost-saving initiatives and growth in its labs and immunohematology businesses, despite a year-over-year revenue decline. CEO Brian Blaser highlighted mid-single-digit revenue growth excluding COVID and donor screening. The article focuses on five key analyst questions from the earnings call, covering topics like tariff mitigation, the Savanna program, China growth, and the shift towards flu combo testing."], ["20250707", "The Indian unit of U.S. air conditioning giant Carrier has joined other major firms in suing the Indian government over new electronic waste rules. These rules have significantly increased the fees manufacturers must pay to recyclers, which companies like Carrier argue is unfair and imposes a huge financial burden. Other companies including Samsung, LG, Daikin, and Voltas have also filed suits, challenging the government's fixed floor price for recycling e-waste."], ["20250707", "Tesla shares tumbled 7% after a public feud reignited between Elon Musk and Donald Trump, with investors concerned about potential government hurdles for Musk's companies. This comes amid a significant drop in Tesla's sales and increasing competition, following Musk's political alignment which analysts believe has negatively impacted the brand."], ["20250707", "An exchange-traded fund focused on European aerospace and defense stocks saw a sharp rise of 1.7% on Monday, even as the broader U.S. stock market declined. This surge contributes to its substantial 2025 gains, significantly outpacing its U.S. counterpart and the S&P 500, with analysts maintaining an overweight rating on the sector due to increased European spending needs. The Select STOXX Europe Aerospace & Defense ETF has skyrocketed approximately 75% this year, compared to the iShares U.S. Aerospace & Defense ETF's 29% and the S&P 500's 5.8% year-to-date gains."], ["20250706", "Oshkosh Defense has secured a $167 million order from the U.S. Army for 225 trucks and 54 trailers, which include HEMTT A4 variants and Pelletized Load System A2 vehicles. These heavy tactical vehicles will support the National Guard, Reserve, and the Program Executive Office Missiles and Space. This contract follows a recent $95 million order and a three-year extension for Medium Tactical Vehicles A2 production, demonstrating the versatility of Oshkosh's FHTV fleet."], ["20250705", "Investment firm Azoria Partners has postponed the launch of its Azoria Tesla Convexity exchange-traded fund following CEO Elon Musk's announcement of forming a new U.S. political party, the \"America Party.\" Azoria CEO James Fishback criticized Musk's political ambitions, questioning their compatibility with his role at Tesla, and expressed support for Donald Trump. This decision reportedly undermines shareholder confidence in Tesla's future."], ["20250704", "Bally\u2019s Corp. has submitted plans for a $4 billion \"Bally\u2019s Bronx\" casino and hospitality complex in Throggs Neck, The Bronx, designed by HKS. The project, located on the Bally\u2019s Golf Links site within Ferry Point Park, proposes a casino, a 23-story hotel, a convention center, and retail space. The company projects significant economic impact, job creation, and community benefits, but faces local opposition regarding public transit access and environmental concerns."], ["20250703", "Shinhan Financial Group is implementing a \"Help-up & Value-up Project\" to significantly reduce interest rates for struggling borrowers, cutting rates by up to 4 percentage points for household loans exceeding 10% interest. The initiative also includes a 1 percentage point reduction for all New Hope Seed Loans for low-income individuals. This move is expected to benefit approximately 75,000 customers and save them an estimated 10 billion to 20 billion won in financial costs, reinforcing Shinhan's commitment to \"coexistence finance.\""], ["20250703", "The NYSEARCA:XAR ETF, focused on aerospace and defense, has surged 41.7% in the past year, outperforming competitors due to its equal-weighted methodology and strategic holdings. Despite its strong performance, XAR remains undervalued, with a 16% upside potential to $242 driven by increasing defense spending, institutional demand, and geopolitical catalysts. The ETF is positioned as a \"STRONG BUY\" for investors seeking tactical and strategic sector alpha."], ["20250702", "The Texas Supreme Court has overturned a $90 million nuclear verdict against Werner Enterprises, seven years after the initial ruling. The court determined that Werner's involvement in the accident was \"mere happenstance\" and not a proximate cause of the injuries. This decision is a significant win for the trucking industry, though the court did not address the broader issue of tort reform."], ["20250702", "Deputy F\u00e9lix Gonz\u00e1lez criticized the SQM-Codelco lithium agreement, stating the government erred by not fully nationalizing the mineral. He questioned the transparency of the negotiations and highlighted the lost opportunity for the state to retain full control and profits from Chile's strategic lithium resources. The parliamentary commission also concluded that the agreement inadequately protects state interests and displays significant shortcomings in transparency and environmental considerations."], ["20250702", "Centene's stock declined significantly after the company withdrew its 2025 guidance, primarily due to challenges in individual plans and elevated medical utilization. Morningstar has lowered its fair value estimate for Centene to $84 from $92 and increased its Uncertainty Rating to Very High, citing near-term profit concerns, significant debt leverage, and regulatory risks. The company's shares are considered moderately undervalued for the increased risks."], ["20250702", "Enphase Energy (ENPH) shares dropped over 9% following an RBC Capital downgrade due to competitive pressures and projected slower growth, though retail investors remain bullish. RBC analyst Christopher Dendrinos lowered his rating to 'Sector Perform' and reduced the price target to $100, citing increased competition from third-party ownership systems benefiting from Inflation Reduction Act tax credits and potential market share loss to Tesla's Powerwall 3. Despite analyst concerns and a significant year-to-date stock decline, retail sentiment remains 'extremely bullish'."], ["20250702", "Weyco Group, the company behind Florsheim and BOGS shoes, has increased its prices by 10% due to tariffs. This price hike is expected to be passed on to consumers by retailers. The move highlights the ongoing impact of trade policies on the footwear industry and consumer costs."], ["20250702", "General Dynamics Electric Boat announced a $1.85 billion contract modification for long lead time material and preliminary construction for submarine production. This funding is crucial for acquiring critical components for Virginia-class submarines, supporting supplier investment, and enabling the continuous high-rate production required by the U.S. Navy. General Dynamics Electric Boat, a key builder of nuclear submarines, employs over 24,000 people and is headquartered in Groton, Connecticut."], ["20250702", "National Grid has announced three new economic development grants totaling over $750,000 to support revitalization and job growth in Genesee and Livingston counties. The funding will assist Graham Corp. with a $17 million expansion in Batavia, Carr\u2019s Reborn LLC in converting a vacant department store into a mixed-use space, and Barilla Pasta America NY Inc. in improving energy efficiency at its Avon manufacturing plant. These grants are part of National Grid's ongoing commitment to economic development, having invested over $154 million since 2003, creating or retaining over 67,000 jobs in upstate New York."], ["20250702", "America First Legal (AFL) has filed a civil rights complaint with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) against Kontoor Brands, Inc., parent company of Wrangler and Lee, for alleged unlawful and racist hiring practices. AFL claims Kontoor Brands has implemented racial quotas, setting \"measurable goals\" for increased BIPOC and Black representation at various corporate levels and linking employee bonuses to these targets. Stephen Miller, AFL President, stated that such practices are illegal and discriminatory, calling for the company to cease and desist its race-based employment strategies."], ["20250702", "Jabil Inc., a St. Petersburg-based tech company, plans to build a new $500 million manufacturing facility in Rowan County, North Carolina. This facility is expected to create 1,181 full-time jobs. St. Pete was initially considered for the new plant, but North Carolina was confirmed as the location on June 30."], ["20250702", "Synopsys, Inc. announced that the U.S. Bureau of Industry and Security has rescinded recent export restrictions related to China, effective immediately. The company is working to restore access to its restricted products in China and continues to assess the impact of these restrictions on its business and financials."], ["20250701", "A US federal judge has ordered Argentina to surrender its 51% stake in energy company YPF within 14 days to partially satisfy a $16 billion judgment related to the country's controversial 2012 nationalization of the company. This ruling places Argentina in a difficult position, requiring it to either comply and face domestic legal challenges or defy the order and risk international enforcement proceedings. The decision has significant implications for President Javier Milei's economic strategy and privatization efforts, as YPF is central to his plans."], ["20250701", "Aqua Illinois has launched a new Customer Assistance Program (CAP) to provide financial relief to income-eligible customers in Illinois, offering a 70% discount on water and wastewater bills. Administered in partnership with Dollar Energy Fund, the program aims to support customers facing financial challenges through monthly discounts based on household income. Aqua Illinois encourages qualifying customers to apply online or by phone to take advantage of this year-round initiative."], ["20250701", "Tata Semiconductor and Israel\u2019s Tower Semiconductor are the frontrunners for a \u20b9240 billion contract to modernize the Semi-Conductor Laboratory (SCL) in Mohali, India. They have successfully cleared the technical bid stage and are now competing in the financial bid phase to revamp SCL's aging 180-nanometre fabrication line. This modernization aims to increase production capacity and falls under the larger India Semiconductor Mission."], ["20250701", "Planet Labs Germany GmbH secured a multi-year \u20ac240 million satellite services agreement with the German government to support European peace and security. The deal includes dedicated capacity on Pelican satellites, direct downlink services, and access to PlanetScope and SkySat data, along with AI-enabled solutions for enhanced situational and maritime awareness. This agreement expands Planet's collaboration with Germany and reinforces its role as a key geospatial intelligence provider for strategic monitoring."], ["20250701", "PG&E is investing $50 million into new and existing financial assistance programs to help customers with past-due energy bills. The new Match My Payment Program offers eligible low-to-moderate income customers a dollar-for-dollar match up to $1,000, while the existing REACH program provides bill credits up to $300. These initiatives aim to prevent service disconnections and support families, especially during peak energy usage months."], ["20250701", "The City of Portland has introduced three BEAM Global EV ARC\u2122 2020 mobile solar-powered charging stations to support its electric vehicle fleet. These off-grid units provide renewable energy, enhance emergency preparedness, and offer deployment flexibility, contributing to the city's climate goals and aiming for a net-zero carbon fleet by 2050. The initiative is funded by the Portland Clean Energy Community Benefits Fund, with plans to convert 700 vehicles to electric by July 2029."], ["20250701", "Bally's Corp. has submitted a formal application for a $4 billion casino and resort in the Bronx, competing for one of three downstate gaming licenses. The project, \"Bally's Bronx,\" aims to transform Ferry Point Park into a large destination for gaming, dining, and entertainment, promising 15,000 union construction jobs and nearly 4,000 permanent union jobs. Despite significant community opposition concerning the use of public parkland, Bally's has committed $625 million in community benefits."], ["20250701", "Packaging Corporation of America (PCA) is set to acquire Greif\u2019s containerboard business, including a mill in Amherst County, Virginia, for $1.8 billion. This acquisition involves one of Amherst County's largest employers and is expected to close by the end of September. Local officials hope the deal will preserve and potentially create jobs, emphasizing the economic importance of the mill to the community."], ["20250701", "Jabil Inc. is investing $500 million over several years to build a new AI and cloud data center facility in Rowan County, North Carolina, expected to open in mid-2026. This project will create 1,181 jobs within five years, supporting the company's fast-growing cloud and AI business segments. North Carolina officials project an annual payroll impact of over $73.2 million for the region and an economic growth of $3.2 billion over the 12-year life of the Job Development Investment Grant."], ["20250701", "Las Vegas Sands Corp., a major casino and resort company, is heavily investing in North Texas with the aim of building a large resort in Dallas-Fort Worth if gambling is legalized in the state. The company has purchased a majority stake in the Dallas Mavericks and is actively advocating for legislative changes to permit casino gaming, despite local opposition and previous setbacks in the Texas Legislature. Sands envisions an \"integrated resort model\" combining luxury accommodations, entertainment, convention space, and casino gaming, similar to its operations in Macau and Singapore."], ["20250701", "Jabil Inc. is set to create 1,181 new jobs and invest approximately $500 million in Rowan County, North Carolina, establishing a new manufacturing facility. Governor Josh Stein announced the expansion, highlighting the state's strong manufacturing workforce and business-friendly climate. This project is expected to generate an annual payroll impact of over $73.2 million for the region."], ["20250701", "Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems secured a sole-source, 10-year indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract worth nearly $3 billion to continue its role as the Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense (BMD) Combat Systems Engineering Agent. This contract aims to maintain operational relevancy and develop capability improvements for the Missile Defense System. Additionally, other significant defense contracts were awarded to various companies across the Navy, Air Force, Defense Logistics Agency, and Army."], ["20250801", "BetRivers has raised its minimum wager to $1 in Illinois, responding to the state's recent tax hike which imposes a fee per mobile bet. This decision, announced during Rush Street Interactive's (RSI) Q2 2025 earnings call, follows similar moves by other major sports betting operators like FanDuel, DraftKings, and BetMGM, who have introduced surcharges or increased minimum bets to offset the new tax structure. Despite the tax challenges, RSI reported strong Q2 results, with revenue up 22% year-over-year and net income at $28.8 million, leading to a significant jump in its stock price."], ["20250801", "Imperial Oil's CEO, John Whelan, expressed encouragement regarding discussions with the federal government about supporting industry projects, despite the company reporting a fall in second-quarter profit. While net income decreased to $949 million from $1.13 billion a year earlier, Imperial Oil completed construction of Canada's largest renewable diesel facility and saw increased petroleum product sales due to the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion. The company also reached its highest second-quarter upstream production in over 30 years."], ["20250801", "Southern California Edison plans to launch a Wildfire Recovery Compensation Program this fall to assist victims of the Eaton Fire, despite investigations into the fire's cause remaining incomplete. The utility expects to be reimbursed for these payments through California's public wildfire insurance program, a fund whose stability is currently under legislative debate. SCE's CEO, Pedro Pizarro, defended the fund as being beneficial for both the community's recovery and the company by potentially limiting legal costs, even as an analyst expressed concerns about the long-term viability of the state's wildfire fund and the incentives for utility investors in California."], ["20250801", "This article by J.P. Morgan explores how firm size affects exposure to trade tensions, concluding that smaller businesses are more vulnerable due to limited trading partners, greater reliance on China, and difficulty passing costs to consumers. The author, Vinny Amaru, suggests that these factors contribute to slower economic growth, while large-cap equities are better positioned to weather ongoing trade challenges. The article recommends favoring U.S. large-cap equities over smaller-cap U.S. stocks in the near term."], ["20250801", "Algoma Steel Inc., one of Canada's largest steel producers, is actively lobbying the federal government on various trade issues, industry competitiveness, and support measures for the steel sector. The company's efforts include discussions on international steel trade, potential new policies impacting Canada\u2019s trade framework, and tariffs. Several consultants from Rubicon Strategy are representing Algoma Steel in these lobbying activities."], ["20250801", "WW Grainger (GWW) reduziu sua previs\u00e3o de lucro anual e n\u00e3o atingiu as estimativas de lucro do segundo trimestre, atribuindo os problemas a obst\u00e1culos tarif\u00e1rios impostos pelo presidente dos EUA, Donald Trump. As tarifas aumentaram os custos de ferramentas e suprimentos industriais importados, impactando as margens de lucro da empresa. As a\u00e7\u00f5es da WW Grainger ca\u00edram 11% nas negocia\u00e7\u00f5es de pr\u00e9-mercado ap\u00f3s o an\u00fancio."], ["20250801", "Procter & Gamble announced plans to raise prices on approximately a quarter of its products across dozens of brands, citing an estimated $1 billion hit to profits from tariffs by the end of the 2026 fiscal year. CEO Jon Moeller stated that these mid-single-digit price increases will begin in August to offset these losses. This move follows similar announcements from other major companies like Nike, Walmart, and Best Buy, driven by the impact of tariffs."], ["20250731", "Brazilian steelmaker Gerdau reported an 8.6% decline in its second-quarter adjusted net profit year-on-year, primarily due to struggles in South America outside Brazil. However, the company's North American operations saw stronger performance, attributed to higher U.S. tariffs leading to a decline in import levels and supply rebalancing. Gerdau's total net revenues rose 5.5%, and analysts view the results as neutral, highlighting North American strength offsetting challenges elsewhere."], ["20250731", "First Solar increased its annual sales forecast, anticipating higher prices for its solar panels due to additional tariffs on foreign-made products. The U.S. solar panel maker expects to benefit from these tariffs, which will strengthen its competitive position despite broader concerns about a potential phase-out of solar and wind tax credits. The company now projects net sales between $4.9 billion and $5.7 billion for the current year."], ["20250731", "General Dynamics Bath Iron Works has been awarded a contract for an additional DDG 51 destroyer by the U.S. Navy, exercising an option from a multi-year contract signed in 2023. This award underscores Bath Iron Works' role in national defense, with Charles F. Krugh emphasizing the team's improved construction process and the support from the Congressional delegation. The company continues to advance its shipbuilding efforts, with several Arleigh Burke-class destroyers currently under construction."], ["20250731", "This article provides an overview of Datadog, Inc. (DDOG) Class A stock, focusing on its institutional ownership and trading activity by members of the U.S. Congress. It details a comprehensive list of purchase and sale transactions by politicians like Ro Khanna and Lisa C. McClain. The document also includes information on the company's financials, insider trading, government contracts, and a brief company profile, along with various analytical tools and investor resources offered by Quiver Quantitative."], ["20250731", "Starting January 1, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) introduces a federal income tax exemption for qualifying overtime pay. Individuals can deduct up to $12,500 (or $25,000 for Married Filing Jointly) from their taxable income, with the benefit phasing out for higher earners. This exemption applies only to W-2 employees, and the overtime must meet federal labor standards, lasting until December 31, 2028, unless extended."], ["20250731", "Coca-Cola's decision to offer a cane sugar-sweetened version of its soda, hailed by the Trump administration as a health win, is largely dismissed by nutrition experts as not making the drink healthier. While there are subtle differences between cane sugar and high-fructose corn syrup, both are considered ultra-processed ingredients that contribute to excessive sugar intake in the American diet. Experts suggest that broader policy changes focusing on overall sugar reduction and access to whole foods are more effective than simply swapping sweeteners."], ["20250731", "The Indian equities market is facing potential further losses due to newly imposed 25% tariffs by the United States on Indian goods and threats of additional penalties over energy purchases from Russia. This follows a period of underperformance for Indian stocks compared to global peers and accelerated withdrawals by foreign investors. Analysts suggest the tariffs will have a moderate negative impact, particularly on export-oriented stocks, while future negotiations regarding a trade deal remain uncertain."], ["20250731", "This article discusses two potential Trump policies\u2014mass deportations and secondary sanctions on Russian oil\u2014that the market has not fully priced in. It suggests these policies could significantly impact companies like Progressive (NYSE: PGR) due to changes in accident data from deportations, and the iShares MSCI India ETF (BATS: INDA) due to sanctions on countries purchasing Russian oil. The author outlines potential trading strategies using options to capitalize on these perceived market mispricings."], ["20250731", "National Presto Industries (NPK) reported a 7.1% stock decline following its Q2 2025 earnings release, despite a 41.6% increase in net sales to $120.4 million. The year-over-year earnings per share decreased from 85 cents to 72 cents, and net earnings fell by 15.2% due to factors like Trump-era tariffs affecting the Housewares/Small Appliances segment and a supplier bankruptcy. The Defense segment was the primary driver of sales growth, with a 50.9% revenue gain, but overall earnings performance was hindered by increased tariff costs and capital tied up in inventory."], ["20250731", "California Governor Gavin Newsom is proposing an $18 billion financial injection into a state fund designed to cover utility-related wildfire liabilities, nearly doubling its existing commitments. This plan aims to stabilize utilities like Edison International, PG&E Corp., and Sempra, which would contribute half the funds alongside ratepayers, amid concerns over potential depletion after recent deadly fires in Los Angeles. The proposal also includes extending the fund's sunset date, studying cost allocation, and capping insurer subrogation claims to protect utilities from overly generous settlements."], ["20250731", "Federal Signal Corp (FSS) reported strong financial results for Q2 2025, with a 15% increase in net sales and a 20% rise in operating income, driven by robust customer demand and growth in its Environmental Solutions Group. The company also raised its full-year adjusted EPS and net sales outlook for 2025, signaling confidence in continued performance despite increased corporate operating expenses and a higher effective tax rate. Key drivers for margin improvement included increased production, aftermarket business growth, and favorable price/cost dynamics, while bonus depreciation provisions are expected to benefit industrial customers."], ["20250731", "Procter & Gamble plans to raise prices on about a quarter of its US products starting in August, with mid-single digit increases, to offset an estimated $1 billion tariff bill in fiscal year 2026. These price hikes on household essentials like Tide and Pampers will impact American consumers already facing economic pressures and rising costs from other retailers. The article advises consumers on strategies to save money amid these increases, such as stocking up, changing brands, buying in bulk, and shopping sales."], ["20250730", "VF Corporation, the Denver-based parent company of The North Face, Vans, and Timberland, surpassed investor expectations with $1.76 billion in revenue for the quarter ending June 28, causing its stock price to surge. This positive news marks a turnaround after earlier concerns about President Donald Trump's trade war tariffs. While tariffs still pose a projected impact of up to $70 million, the company is mitigating effects by pulling forward orders and considering price increases, which CEO Bracken Darrell believes will affect the entire industry."], ["20250730", "Maryland's life science sector is experiencing an unprecedented contraction, with job losses stemming from federal funding cuts, academic budget shortfalls, and private biotech layoffs. This downturn, described as worse than the Great Recession, has resulted in over 5,000 direct job cuts and a significant talent surplus, with neighboring states actively recruiting displaced professionals. The author calls for swift action and collaboration from industry leaders, universities, and state officials to stabilize and rebuild Maryland's life science ecosystem."], ["20250730", "Global Partners LP is demanding an investigation into the Massachusetts Department of Transportation's decision to award a 35-year lease for service plazas to UK-based Applegreen instead of Global Partners. The company alleges that MassDOT overlooked Global Partners' bid, which offered significantly more guaranteed rent and capital improvements, and that critical information regarding Applegreen's proposal was not disclosed to the public or the MassDOT board. A formal ethics complaint has been filed against Scott Bosworth, chair of the selection committee, citing concerns about potential conflicts of interest and misleading information."], ["20250730", "Electrovaya Inc., a Mississauga-based battery cell developer, is expanding its production with a new facility in Jamestown, N.Y., expected to be operational in summer 2026. This expansion will double its manufacturing capacity and enable the company to target new markets like energy storage and heavy industries. The company secured over $80 million in financing for the project and aims to benefit from domestic manufacturing demand and U.S. tax credits."], ["20250730", "Canadian Pacific Kansas City Ltd. (CPKC) reported increased revenues despite cross-border steel shipments being \"shut down\" due to U.S. tariffs, which recently rose to 50 percent. While steel transport declined, the railway saw an offset from increased shipments of frac sand, grains, and coal. CPKC achieved a three percent revenue increase to $3.7 billion and emphasized its continued pursuit of sustainable growth amidst economic uncertainty and evolving trade policies."], ["20250730", "Effective for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2025, California financial institutions will be required to use a single sales factor for income apportionment instead of a three-factor formula. This change, enacted by S.B. 132, is projected to generate over $1.1 billion in state revenue over five years and may increase tax burdens for non-California-based financial institutions doing business in the state. The article also raises questions about potential Commerce Clause violations due to the higher tax rate imposed on financial institutions."], ["20250730", "CBRE's 2025 U.S. Real Estate Market Outlook Midyear Review provides an updated forecast, noting that despite macroeconomic uncertainties like tariffs and geopolitical issues, commercial real estate fundamentals remain stable with pockets of outperformance. The report revises GDP growth to 1.5% but expects 10-year Treasury yields to remain elevated around 4.3%, while investment activity is projected to grow by 10%. Key sector-specific outlooks are provided for office, industrial, retail, multifamily, and data centers, emphasizing continued demand for quality assets and the impact of supply chain issues and changing consumer behavior."], ["20250730", "Mizuho increased its price target for Broadcom Inc. (AVGO) from $315 to $329, maintaining an \"Outperform\" rating. This decision followed the Trump administration's announcement that NVIDIA and other AI accelerator companies could resume shipping AI GPUs to China, which Mizuho believes could lead to higher earnings for Broadcom's ASIC products. The firm suggests that US companies are re-entering a significant market."], ["20250730", "MGM Resorts International's CEO Bill Hornbuckle stated that Las Vegas remains \"fundamentally solid\" despite a 4% decline in net revenues for the Las Vegas properties in Q2 2025 and a nine-week decline in hotel bookings. The company experienced growth in its high-end resorts and is implementing automation initiatives to achieve substantial savings, aiming for $150 million in EBITDA enhancements in 2025. Hornbuckle also discussed potential tax policy changes that could impact the gaming industry."], ["20250730", "Licking County officials are expressing deep frustration and disappointment over Intel's decision to slow construction on its $28 billion chip plants in New Albany, Ohio. Local commissioner Tim Bubb stated that Intel \"made promises they couldn't keep,\" as the company now indicates potential cancellation if it fails to secure new customers for its manufacturing division. Despite Governor Mike DeWine's optimism, Bubb highlights the local community's significant investment in infrastructure and workforce development, which now faces uncertainty with the halted construction and potential lack of future jobs."], ["20250730", "The Hershey Company anticipates tariff expenses between $170 million and $180 million for the year 2025, despite reporting strong second-quarter financial results with consolidated net sales increasing over 26%. The company is actively addressing cocoa inflation through strategic pricing and efficiency improvements. Kirk Tanner is set to succeed Michele Buck as President and CEO on August 18, 2025."], ["20250730", "The Hershey Company expects to pay between $170 million and $180 million in tariff expenses for the 2025 financial year. This update follows their second-quarter financial report, where operating profit decreased by 33% compared to 2024 due to higher commodity and manufacturing costs, among other factors. The company also reported approximately $2.6 million in net sales for the three months to June 29th."], ["20250730", "President Trump issued an ultimatum to Russia, demanding an end to the Ukraine conflict within 10 days or face new tariffs and sanctions. This shortened deadline, from an initial 50 days, has introduced volatility into global oil markets, with crude oil futures already approaching $70 per barrel. Trump dismissed concerns about oil market disruption, pledging to boost domestic production and warning China about secondary sanctions if it continues to purchase Russian oil."], ["20250730", "Peter Schiff has controversially labeled former President Donald Trump the \"Inflation President\" following his return to office, a sentiment Wall Street may be starting to echo. Investors are reportedly shifting into protective assets like gold and TIPS ETFs as Trump reinstates inflation-stoking policies such as tariffs, increased deficit spending, and pressure on the Federal Reserve to cut rates. This comes as inflation targets are already exceeded, leading to market recalibrations and concerns about potential \"Trumpflation.\""], ["20250730", "Freeport-McMoRan (FCX) posted robust Q2 2025 numbers due to increased copper stockpiling and higher spot prices driven by tariff uncertainties. However, the company's lowered FY2025 sales volume guidance, primarily due to revised Grasberg ore grades, overshadows these gains. The investment thesis for FCX is deemed uncompelling given the stock's underperformance relative to rising commodity prices, the stagnant dividend, and potential impacts from tariff negotiations and the \"One Big Beautiful Bill.\""], ["20250730", "The market is currently overly concerned with the impact of tariffs on Constellation Brands (STZ) due to U.S.-Mexico trade tensions, which the author believes are not as concerning as perceived. Despite a weak Wine & Spirits portfolio, Constellation's beer segment continues to perform well, leading to a fair value estimate of $170.5 for STZ stock. The article explains why recent tariff concerns are likely overstated for the company's manufacturing."], ["20250729", "Stanley Black & Decker's stock fell over 7% after the company reported disappointing second-quarter results, driven by a 2% year-over-year revenue decline to $3.9 billion. The company attributed this downturn to a sluggish outdoor buying season and shipment disruptions caused by tariffs. Despite an earnings beat, adjusted net income decreased by almost 1%, impacting investor sentiment."], ["20250729", "The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the denial of pre-merger interest netting for Bank of America, which sought to net interest on its pre-merger tax underpayments against pre-merger overpayments made by Merrill Lynch after their 2013 merger. The court ruled that the \"same taxpayer\" requirement in 26 U.S.C. \u00a76621(d) applies at the time the underpayments and overpayments were made, not after a merger, dismissing arguments based on broader interpretation or Delaware merger law. This decision aligns with previous Federal Circuit rulings stating that distinct corporate entities cannot retroactively be considered the \"same taxpayer\" prior to a merger for interest netting purposes."], ["20250729", "Crude oil prices surged by nearly 4% after President Trump announced new sanctions against Russia if the war in Ukraine doesn't end within 10 days. The threat, coupled with potential tariffs on Chinese oil purchases from Russia, led to a significant increase in Brent and West Texas Intermediate crude prices. Oklahoma energy stocks also saw a strong trading day, with Unit Corporation gaining considerably, though Empire Petroleum experienced a notable decline."], ["20250729", "Thousands of registered nurses at six Tenet Healthcare Corporation hospitals in California will hold informational pickets on Thursday, July 31, to raise awareness about management's refusal to ensure appropriate staffing and training. The nurses are in contract negotiations, seeking safer working conditions including improved staffing for patient mobility, rapid-response nurses, and meal break relief, as well as adequate orientation standards for new staff. This action, involving nearly 3,000 nurses, aims to highlight issues impacting patient care quality and the retention of experienced nursing staff."], ["20250729", "Procter & Gamble announced upcoming price increases on about a quarter of its products in the U.S., effective August, citing higher costs primarily due to President Donald Trump's tariffs. The company estimates tariffs will add approximately $1 billion to its costs for fiscal year 2026. These price adjustments, which are in the mid-single digit percentages and include improved product features, come as consumers are becoming more cautious with their spending."], ["20250729", "Uber lost its UK Supreme Court appeal, meaning rival taxi operators outside London will not face a 20% VAT charge on their profit margins. The ruling confirms different contractual protections between London and other parts of England and Wales but does not impact Uber's own VAT application. This decision avoids potential significant fare increases and a crisis for many private hire operators."], ["20250729", "Procter & Gamble reported quarterly results that beat Wall Street's expectations but issued fiscal 2026 guidance anticipating a $1 billion hit due to higher costs from tariffs. The company expects mid-single-digit price increases on about a quarter of its items due to these tariffs. P&G is also undergoing a restructuring plan that includes cutting 7,000 nonmanufacturing roles over the next two years."], ["20250728", "Cadence Design Systems has agreed to plead guilty and pay over $140 million to the U.S. government for illegally selling chip design products to China's National University of Defense Technology (NUDT), which is believed to be involved in simulating nuclear explosions. The company violated export controls by supplying NUDT, including through aliases, between 2015 and 2020. This resolution comes during new U.S.-China trade talks, signaling continued enforcement of export controls despite broader negotiations."], ["20250728", "The steel company Ternium has managed to avoid sanctions for polluting the La Talaverna River in Nuevo Le\u00f3n, despite a proposed 80 million peso fine from the state government and a 6.6 million peso process from Conagua. Ternium employs a large legal team to fight environmental complaints, complicating the government's efforts to address pollution. This situation also impacts the public image of the MC party and the 4T administration, leading to a change in the Ministry of Environment's leadership."], ["20250728", "Carson City has approved a $22.5 million contract with Granite Construction for the East William Street Complete Streets Project, which began over two months ago and is expected to continue through mid-summer of 2026. The project, funded in part by a $9.3 million RAISE grant and an 1/8th cent sales tax, aims to improve streetscape, pedestrian access, and infrastructure along East William Street, from Carson Street to the I-580/Highway 50 interchange. It includes utility relocation, replacement of aging water and sewer lines, new storm drains, sidewalks, bike lanes, and traffic signal upgrades, all part of a broader city initiative to enhance connectivity and safety for all users."], ["20250728", "Revvity lowered its 2025 adjusted profit forecast due to reduced demand for its diagnostics products in China, caused by changes in the country's reimbursement policy. The medical equipment maker now expects low single-digit growth for its diagnostics products this year, down from mid-single-digit, with sales in China's diagnostic products declining by double digits in the second quarter. Despite this, Revvity's second-quarter life sciences product sales surpassed estimates, and the company raised its full-year revenue forecast slightly."], ["20250728", "Lockheed Martin anticipates delivering between 170 and 190 F-35 aircraft in 2025, despite a proposed reduction in the Department of Defense's order for 2026. The company expects more F-35 orders, including a potential 150-jet contract, as it addresses recent financial losses and continues to see strong international demand for the fighter jets. Lockheed Martin also highlighted the F-35's performance in recent U.S. military operations in the Middle East."], ["20250728", "Entergy Arkansas is seeking public input for a proposed power plant in Jefferson County, which will be built near the existing White Bluff coal-fired power station before its 2030 shutdown. The new plant will be a combined cycle combustion turbine plant with modern emissions controls. Construction is tentatively scheduled to begin in Q2 2026, with operation expected in late 2029, and the \"Generating Arkansas Jobs Act of 2025\" will allow Entergy to bill customers for the plant during construction."], ["20250727", "President Donald Trump has granted Eastman Chemical Co. a two-year exemption from a pollution reduction law, the HON Rule, which aims to decrease carcinogenic emissions, particularly ethylene oxide. This decision allows Eastman and 48 other facilities to delay compliance until 2028, despite concerns from activists about public health risks and a recent lawsuit against Eastman regarding cancer claims linked to ethylene oxide emissions. Chemical manufacturers argue the original compliance timeline was unworkable and the technology for reduction is not readily available, while environmental groups warn of increased health risks for communities near these facilities."], ["20250727", "Ghana earned $370.62 million from crude oil in the first half of 2025, primarily from crude oil liftings and corporate taxes. Investments from Ghana Petroleum Holding Funds and the Ghana Heritage Funds also contributed significantly to the nation's financial gains during this period."], ["20250727", "Ivanhoe Electric is addressing the U.S. copper shortage with its Santa Cruz Project in Arizona, aiming to be operational by 2028. This mine will be the first U.S.-based copper mine to open in over a decade, producing nearly 3 billion pounds of copper over 23 years and utilizing a leaching process to produce pure copper metal on-site. The project benefits from being on private land, streamlining the permitting process, and aligns with government efforts to support domestic mining and reduce reliance on foreign imports."], ["20250726", "Live Nation Entertainment proposed price caps on ticket resale to regulators as the solution to industry issues, while nearly everyone else, including the National Independent Venue Association (NIVA) and various consumer and policy groups, urged the breakup of Live Nation to address its alleged monopolistic practices. NIVA specifically called for breaking Live Nation into four standalone companies and establishing a federal oversight board. This divergence of opinion emerged from public comments submitted to a joint FTC/DOJ request following President Trump's Executive Order on unfair ticketing practices."], ["20250725", "Despite initial fears about tariffs, markets are moving forward due to strong fundamentals and corporate resilience. U.S. consumers, businesses, and foreign exporters are sharing the costs, with U.S. companies absorbing some due to higher profit margins. Additionally, companies are adapting quickly, exceeding earnings expectations, and the market is benefiting from unexpected tailwinds like AI advancements and the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, which are boosting productivity and capital expenditure."], ["20250725", "The City of San Jos\u00e9 has announced a historic Implementation Agreement with PG&E, establishing San Jos\u00e9 as a premier destination for data center development on the West Coast. This first-of-its-kind partnership guarantees rapid and reliable power delivery for large energy consumers, anticipating 2,000 megawatts of new demand from data centers and preparing for an additional 2,000 megawatts from new transmission lines by 2028. The agreement aims to boost Silicon Valley's tech infrastructure, attract significant revenue, and benefit residents through job creation and city services."], ["20250725", "Centene's announcement that it expects to raise rates charged to states for 2026 Medicaid health plans and strengthen profit margins has boosted investor confidence in Medicaid insurers. Despite reporting a second-quarter loss, Centene's shares rose, along with rival companies UnitedHealth, CVS Health, and Humana. This optimism stems from efforts to align state payments with increased medical costs and improve cost management, addressing previous concerns about lagging reimbursements and the disruptions caused by Medicaid redeterminations and new work requirements."], ["20250725", "The Argentine government has extended the license for Transportadora de Gas del Sur (TGS) to provide natural gas transport services until December 2047. This decision was formalized via Decree 495/2025 and precedes TGS's proposal to expand the Perito Moreno Gas Pipeline, a project estimated to involve over $500 million in investment. TGS is a major player in Argentina's energy sector, transporting over 60% of the natural gas consumed nationwide and planning significant investments to modernize its network and operations, particularly in Vaca Muerta."], ["20250724", "Newell Brands is closing its design center in Kalamazoo, Michigan, and relocating it to its global headquarters in Atlanta. The company states this move, expected to be completed by mid-2026, aligns with its corporate strategy for innovation and growth. Many Kalamazoo employees will have the opportunity to transfer to Atlanta, and the company is committed to supporting those affected by the relocation."], ["20250724", "America First Legal, a conservative legal group aligned with former President Trump, is calling for a federal investigation into Cracker Barrel Old Country Store. The group alleges that Cracker Barrel's Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) policies are unlawful and discriminatory, despite the company renaming its Diversity and Inclusion website to Culture and Inclusion in 2024. America First Legal claims the company's tracking of workplace demographics and maintenance of business resource groups based on race and gender constitute illegal discrimination."], ["20250724", "ASGN reported a 1.4% decline in total second-quarter revenue year-over-year, reaching $1.02 billion, despite exceeding guidance. While commercial revenue fell by 2.4%, the company's federal government revenue increased by 1.1%, driven by demand for cloud, data solutions, AI, cybersecurity, and digital modernization. CEO Ted Hanson noted that macroeconomic uncertainty continues to impact discretionary spending, but clients are still focused on staying competitive."], ["20250724", "Ohio utility regulators are nearing a decision on the penalties FirstEnergy should face for its involvement in the House Bill 6 scandal, specifically concerning improperly spent customer fees and other issues. While FirstEnergy proposes a limited refund of $6.6 million and a \"measured\" penalty, critics, led by the Office of the Ohio Consumers\u2019 Counsel, are advocating for over $544 million in total penalties and customer refunds, arguing it's crucial to repair the legitimacy of Ohio public utility regulation. The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio investigations have focused on FirstEnergy's collection of customer funds for grid modernization, use of ratepayer money for questionable payments, compliance with corporate separation requirements, and a secret $13 million payment to influential industrial companies."], ["20250724", "Tesla's revenue fell to $22.5 billion in the recent quarter, with its subsidy from legacy car companies reportedly cut in half. The article also touches on other automotive news, including a U.S. Supreme Court ruling on Trump's tariffs, the impact of tariffs on new-vehicle prices, dealership buy-sell updates, and Jeffrey Epstein's interest in Carlos Ghosn's arrest."], ["20250724", "Labcorp (LH) reported double-digit top-line growth and margin expansion in Q2 2025, leading to raised full-year 2025 guidance. The company highlighted strong performance in its Diagnostics and Biopharma Laboratory Services segments, driven by acquisitions, strategic partnerships, and new specialty test offerings. Management also addressed potential legislative headwinds like PAMA and outlined strategies for operational efficiency through initiatives like Launchpad."], ["20250724", "Clarus Corporation, parent company of Black Diamond, Rocky Mounts, and Rhino-Rack, was mentioned in Laughing Water Capital's Q2 2025 investor letter. Despite a recent 12.7 percent one-month stock return, the company has seen a 34.1 percent value loss over 52 weeks and is described as \"subscale\" and struggling with profitability. Clarus also reported a 12.8 percent year-over-year sales decline in Q1 and has withdrawn its full-year 2025 guidance due to macroeconomic uncertainty."], ["20250723", "Oklahoma Corporation Commissioners have formally approved a rate hike for Oklahoma Natural Gas (ONG) customers. The increase, totaling $41,078,183, will result in residential customers paying $1.69 more per month, while low-income customers will see a 57-cent increase. The approval was based on a joint stipulation agreement signed by ONG, the Commission's Public Utilities Division, and the Oklahoma Attorney General."], ["20250723", "Infleqtion, a quantum computing startup, announced its plan to build a commercial quantum computer at Chicago's Illinois Quantum & Microelectronics Park on the South Side. This $50 million project, which comes with $5.3 million in state incentives, further solidifies Illinois' goal to become a leading hub for quantum technology. Infleqtion will join other companies like PsiQuantum, IBM, and Diraq in the park, and plans to grow its Chicago team to about 50 people within four years."], ["20250723", "Three Democratic senators have raised concerns about Delta Air Lines' plans to use AI to set ticket prices, fearing it could lead to individualized price increases benefiting the airline at consumers' expense. Delta, however, states that its AI technology is for dynamic pricing based on overall demand and market conditions, not individual customer data, and aims to streamline existing processes while ensuring all customers see the same fares. The airline emphasizes that its use of AI will not lead to personalized pricing based on a customer's specific willingness to pay."], ["20250723", "The defense technology sector is experiencing significant growth driven by geopolitical pressures, technological advancements, and increased defense spending. Companies like VisionWave Holdings, Inc., AIRO Group Holdings, Inc., and Karman Holdings Inc. are capitalizing on this trend through recent IPOs and new listings, focusing on AI-powered autonomy, advanced sensing, and aerospace technologies. The article highlights the substantial financial commitments from governments, particularly the U.S. \"Big Beautiful Bill,\" which is directing billions towards military AI and defense innovation."], ["20250723", "Michigan Republican lawmakers are expressing approval over the collapse of a proposed $6.24 billion incentive deal for SanDisk to build a semiconductor factory near Flint. They argued it was a \"bad deal for taxpayers\" and an \"unprecedented offer\" that would have faced significant resistance. Lawmakers like Ann Bollin and Steve Carra believe that attractive business environments with good infrastructure, lower taxes, and reduced regulations are better for attracting companies than large incentive packages, and they plan to seek legislation to increase transparency and rein in the Michigan Economic Development Corporation\u2019s (MEDC) power to negotiate such deals."], ["20250723", "Boston Scientific raised its annual profit forecast, driven by robust demand for its heart devices and a reduced impact from tariffs. The company now anticipates a full-year headwind of about $100 million from tariffs, down from $200 million, and expects to offset this through strong sales and spending control. Executives highlighted the success of cardiovascular devices like Watchman and Farapulse, contributing to the positive outlook."], ["20250723", "JABIL INC. disclosed $15,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, with no specific issues listed. The article also details significant insider stock sales by Jabil executives and outlines recent hedge fund activity in JBL stock, showing both increases and decreases by institutional investors. Additionally, Wall Street analysts have issued predominantly \"Buy\" or \"Overweight\" ratings for JBL, with various price targets."], ["20250723", "Texas Instruments (NASDAQ:TXN) shares plunged 12% after the semiconductor company issued a weak outlook for the third quarter, despite reporting strong second-quarter results. The company's Q3 revenue and EPS guidance fell below Street estimates, leading analysts to note a more cautious tone from management regarding recovery in industrial and auto sales. Bank of America maintained its 'Neutral' rating and $218 price target, suggesting the recovery will be \"lumpy rather than V-shaped.\""], ["20250723", "Hasbro's stock reversed negative despite beating earnings expectations, primarily due to concerns over tariff-impacted inventory and retailer spending patterns mentioned by the CFO. The company expects toy prices to continue rising this year, which may also have influenced investor sentiment. Despite initial premarket gains and a strong revenue beat, the stock ultimately fell."], ["20250723", "The DAX has significantly outperformed global indices like the S&P 500 and MSCI World, driven by fiscal impulses, anticipated ECB rate cuts, and capital reallocation. Despite this strong performance, questions remain about the sustainability of this rally given economic concerns and potential for overheating. The iShares Core DAX UCITS ETF is highlighted as an efficient way for investors to participate in this trend."], ["20250723", "Donald Trump's announcement of a 50% tariff on copper imports has caused a significant rally in copper prices, pushing the United States Copper Index Fund (CPER) to a record high and creating a substantial price premium in U.S. COMEX futures over LME contracts. This tariff, set to take effect on August 1st, has stimulated a scramble for domestic supply, greatly benefiting U.S.-based copper miners like Freeport-McMoRan (FCX), Southern Copper Corp. (SCCO), and Lundin Mining Corp. (LUNMF). Analysts suggest this \"price discovery phase\" is driven by political rather than economic factors, with the widening arbitrage presenting a unique profit opportunity for these miners."], ["20250723", "Sysco International Food Group Inc. has purchased 96 acres of vacant industrial land in Westlake Industrial Park for $16.5 million, raising speculation that it is \"Project Moana.\" Project Moana is a code-named international wholesale distributor that recently received approval for $2.5 million in incentives from the Jacksonville City Council for a $90 million food distribution warehouse expansion. Sysco already operates two cold-storage facilities in Jacksonville and has stated its interest in expanding and creating more jobs in the city."], ["20250723", "A budget bill backed by President Trump, allocates $45 billion for ICE to utilize private contractors for immigrant detention, significantly benefiting companies like CoreCivic and GEO Group. These companies and their executives collectively donated nearly $2.8 million to Trump's 2024 election efforts and inaugural fund. The article raises ethics concerns given the substantial financial gains for these corporations since Trump's inauguration and the budget's passage."], ["20250723", "Texas Instruments' Q2 earnings call sparked confusion among analysts due to a weaker-than-expected outlook for the rest of the year, signaling soft demand and a \"tone\" shift regarding the semiconductor recovery cycle. CEO Haviv Ilan cited tariff uncertainty and slower-than-expected sales momentum through Q2 despite some growth. The company reported strong Q2 financials but projects a cautious Q3 revenue guidance."], ["20250723", "Coca-Cola CEO James Quincey announced the launch of a new Coke product in the US later this year that will use cane sugar, offering consumers an enduring alternative. This move follows discussions involving US President Donald Trump and addresses growing scrutiny over beverage ingredients. The company already uses cane sugar in several US products and aims to utilize a full range of sweetening options based on consumer preferences."], ["20250722", "Enphase Energy (ENPH.O) forecast third-quarter revenue and gross margin below Wall Street estimates, leading to a more than 7% drop in its shares. The solar inverter maker cited the impact of U.S. import tariffs and uncertainty surrounding potential changes to solar and wind energy tax credits as key factors. Despite the lowered outlook, the company did beat second-quarter profit estimates."], ["20250722", "Gilat Satellite Networks has been awarded a $60 million contract by Peru's national telecommunications program Pronatel to upgrade broadband infrastructure in the Apur\u00edmac, Huancavelica, and Ayacucho regions. This modernization aims to provide high-speed internet of 200 Mbps to nearly 800 public institutions, including schools, health centers, and police stations, across 280 localities over the next four years. Gilat Peru's president, Arieh Rohrstock, emphasized the shared goal with Pronatel of advancing digital inclusion in remote areas of the country."], ["20250722", "Senator Elizabeth Warren has warned BNY Mellon that its reported interest in a merger with Northern Trust could violate federal banking laws and raises antitrust concerns. Warren, a prominent critic of large banks, stated that combining the world's largest custody bank with a major competitor could lead to financial instability, antitrust breaches, increased fees, and reduced customer service for institutional clients. BNY declined to comment, while Northern Trust, having previously expressed a desire to remain independent, did not respond to the latest request for comment."], ["20250722", "Six Massachusetts communities, including Canton, Danvers, and Gloucester, have sued Republic Services to force the company to resume trash and recycling pick-ups amid a prolonged strike. Union workers began striking on July 1 for better pay and benefits, leading to overflowing dumpsters and hygiene issues. A judge is currently reviewing the lawsuit filed by the towns against Republic Services, which holds contracts in 14 Massachusetts municipalities."], ["20250722", "A recent disclosure revealed ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED (BABA) spent $720,000 on lobbying in Q2 2025, addressing issues from small and medium-sized enterprise export promotion to e-commerce best practices and U.S. capital market access. The article also details significant congressional stock trading activities by Representatives Josh Gottheimer and Robert Bresnahan, substantial hedge fund movements with both additions and removals of BABA shares, and recent analyst ratings and price targets for the stock."], ["20250722", "The author initiates a Buy rating on Hologic, Inc. (HOLX) with a fair value of $81, citing the company's strong diagnostic portfolio and recurring revenue streams that support long-term growth in women's health. While short-term margin pressure from tariffs is expected, normalization and margin expansion are anticipated from FY26 onwards. Despite risks such as customer concentration and a costly acquisition, Hologic's capital allocation and reduced leverage strengthen the investment case, as current risks are considered to be priced into the stock."], ["20250722", "General Motors' profit declined 35% in its second quarter, including a $1.1 billion hit from tariffs, but the company still topped expectations and maintained its full-year financial outlook. CEO Mary Barra stated the automaker is positioning for a profitable future by adapting to new trade policies and a rapidly evolving tech landscape, expecting to mitigate a significant portion of its tariff impact. Despite slower EV industry growth, GM remains committed to profitable electric vehicle production and flexible manufacturing."], ["20250722", "General Motors Company (GM) disclosed $3,340,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, covering issues such as vehicle fuel economy, safety, trade, and tax policies. The article also details recent congressional and insider trading activity in GM stock, as well as hedge fund movements and analyst ratings, with a median price target of $56.5 from 12 analysts."], ["20250722", "RTX Corp reported stronger-than-expected Q2 2025 earnings, with adjusted EPS of $1.56 and revenue of $21.6 billion, both surpassing analyst forecasts. Despite positive results and a raised full-year sales outlook, the stock dipped 3.43% in pre-market trading, possibly due to profit-taking or investor concerns. The company provided detailed financial highlights, operational performance, and future guidance, addressing questions on tariffs, R&D tax legislation, and GTF engine performance during the earnings call."], ["20250722", "The Contra Guys highlight their successful investment in the Global X MSCI Greece ETF (GREK-A), which has yielded over 100% returns since their initial investment in 2015. Despite initial economic turmoil in Greece, the country has made significant reforms, leading to an economic turnaround and credit rating upgrade. While risks remain, the authors believe the GREK ETF still has growth potential and plans to continue a phased exit of their position."], ["20250722", "Malaysia's government is negotiating with the U.S. to reduce tariffs threatened by former President Donald Trump, aiming for approximately 20%. However, Malaysia is reportedly unwilling to comply with certain demands related to foreign ownership and electric vehicles. Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim's negotiators are leading these discussions."], ["20250722", "General Motors reported a $1.1 billion profit reduction due to tariff costs, reinforcing the growing evidence that American companies and consumers, not foreign exporters, are bearing the financial burden of import taxes. This impact is also seen in other automakers like Stellantis and is expected to lead to higher car prices for consumers as companies exhaust their ability to absorb these costs. Analysts suggest American importers are primarily absorbing tariffs into their profit margins, with potential future price hikes for consumers."], ["20250722", "Italy's Supreme Court has ruled that Italian judges can hear climate change lawsuits, a significant blow to oil company ENI. This decision supports an appeal filed by citizens and environmental organizations against ENI and its main shareholders for damages resulting from climate change. The ruling will impact all current and future climate lawsuits in Italy and acknowledges climate justice as a key concern for Italian courts."], ["20250722", "Enphase Energy announced its Q2 2025 financial results, reporting $363.2 million in revenue and a non-GAAP gross margin of 48.6%. The company shipped 1.53 million microinverters and 190.9 MWh of IQ Batteries, highlighting strong growth in both U.S. and European markets. Enphase also provided a Q3 2025 financial outlook, forecasting revenue between $330 million and $370 million."], ["20250722", "Coca-Cola announced plans to launch a new soda product made with U.S. cane sugar this fall, a move that comes in response to President Trump's public call for the company to use sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup. This new product will expand Coca-Cola's existing range, rather than fully replacing the sweetener in its current lineup, and will formalize the availability of cane sugar Coke in the U.S."], ["20250721", "An investigation reveals that Termoelectrica S.A. awarded a contract worth over 26 million lei to TurboEnergy Power SRL for equipment despite expert warnings about inflated prices and technical inadequacies. Other bidders, ABS SRL and HORUS SRL, also failed to meet specifications. NordNews found that some equipment prices in TurboEnergy Power's bid were up to 18 times higher than market value, raising concerns about potential waste and irregularities in the public procurement process."], ["20250721", "Driven by renewed optimism following the passage of U.S. President Donald Trump\u2019s \"One Big Beautiful Bill,\" hydrogen stocks, including Plug Power (PLUG), are gaining attention. While the legislation provides crucial tax incentives and clarity for long-term investments, Plug Power still faces challenges such as deeply negative gross margins and significant cash burn. Barchart's analysis delves into the company's financial position and assesses whether current optimism warrants investing in PLUG stock, ultimately giving it a \"Hold\" rating until fundamental improvements are observed."], ["20250721", "Corning, through its subsidiary American Panel Solutions, has acquired JA Solar's 2GW module assembly plant in Arizona. This acquisition, following a similar sale by Trina Solar, expands Corning's vertically integrated solar manufacturing capabilities in the US, especially in light of new foreign entities of concern (FEOC) restrictions under the recent US reconciliation bill. Corning aims to produce US-made solar modules using components from its own polysilicon and wafer plants, in partnership with other US manufacturers."], ["20250721", "Walmart Inc. recently disclosed $2,570,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, covering a range of issues from veteran programs and U.S. manufacturing to tax rates and retail crime. The article also details significant congressional stock trading activity in WMT, with 12 trades in the last 6 months, and insider trading activity showing 60 sales by WMT insiders totaling over $2.7 billion. Additionally, it highlights hedge fund activity, analyst ratings (20 buy ratings, 0 sell ratings), and recent price targets for WMT stock."], ["20250721", "Bristol-Myers Squibb Company disclosed $4,780,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, covering issues such as healthcare legislation, drug pricing programs, and corporate tax reform. The article also details recent congressional and insider stock trades for BMY, along with significant hedge fund activity and analyst ratings, including price targets for the stock."], ["20250721", "Resolution Minerals Limited has appointed Steve Promnitz and Brett Lynch as Senior Strategic Advisers to lead its U.S. critical minerals expansion strategy. These experts are known for building multi-billion dollar ASX-listed critical minerals companies and bring extensive experience in the U.S. regulatory, commercial, and investor landscapes. Their appointments are critical for Resolution's growth, especially with the U.S. government's increasing investment in critical metals and an upcoming drilling campaign at the Horse Heaven Project."], ["20250721", "Delta Air Lines (DAL) has agreed to an $8.1 million settlement with the U.S. Justice Department over allegations of misusing federal COVID-19 relief funds from the Payroll Support Program. The airline is accused of exceeding compensation limits for executives in March 2020 and April 2023, though Delta denies the claims, referring to it as a \"technical disagreement\" and settling to avoid litigation. Despite the settlement, Delta Air Lines is noted as a cheap transportation stock with potential upside for investors, though the article also suggests considering certain AI stocks for greater upside and less risk."], ["20250721", "A federal investigation by OSHA found that Archer Daniels Midland's (ADM) grain dust explosion prevention systems were inadequate during an explosion at its Decatur, Illinois facility in July 2024. Despite a history of such explosions and multiple safety lapses detailed by Investigate Midwest, OSHA did not issue a fine for this incident, stating they evaluate each inspection on its own merits. However, the agency did provide recommendations to ADM, which the company claims it is addressing."], ["20250721", "Verizon Communications Inc. reported second-quarter revenue of $34.5 billion, surpassing analyst estimates of $33.7 billion. The company also raised its profit outlook, attributing the positive results to wireless price increases and recent tax legislation. Wireless service revenue was $20.9 billion, aligning with analyst projections."], ["20250721", "This article discusses three ETFs\u2014ITA, MADE, and DRLL\u2014that are poised to benefit from the \"One Big Beautiful Bill Act,\" signed into law on July 4, 2025. This legislation is expected to boost industries such as defense, domestic manufacturing, and U.S. energy through increased spending and tax incentives. Investors looking for diversified exposure to these sectors may find these ETFs attractive investment options."], ["20250719", "Morgan Stanley has increased its price target for T-Mobile US (TMUS) to $280 from $265, reiterating an Overweight rating. This adjustment comes after new tax law changes led to raised free cash flow estimates for US operators, with capacity likely directed towards fiber builds, buybacks, or M&A. T-Mobile US provides wireless communication services and is noted as a strong long-term low-volatility stock."], ["20250719", "Walmart Inc. has disclosed $60,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, covering issues such as trade, agriculture, swipe fee reforms, and organized retail crime. The article also details recent congressional and insider trading activity for WMT stock, showing more sales than purchases across both groups. Additionally, it provides an overview of hedge fund activity, analyst ratings, and price targets for Walmart, with a median price target of $110.0 from 22 analysts."], ["20250719", "HERSHEY COMPANY (HSY) disclosed $290,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, covering issues such as labeling, SNAP funding, corporate tax issues, and cocoa supply chain matters. The article also details recent congressional stock trading in HSY, significant insider stock sales, and institutional investor activity, alongside recent \"Underweight\" and \"Underperform\" analyst ratings and price targets from various firms."], ["20250719", "EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES LLC (EW) disclosed $360,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, covering issues such as patient access to critical breakthrough products, medical innovation, and FDA reauthorization. The article also details recent congressional and insider trading activity for EW stock, showing more sales than purchases, alongside significant hedge fund movements and recent analyst ratings and price targets."], ["20250719", "American Express Company (AXP) recently disclosed $270,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, covering a range of issues from tax policy and bank regulations to cybersecurity and AI. The report also details recent AXP stock trading by members of Congress and company insiders, highlighting both purchases and significant sales. Furthermore, it provides an overview of institutional investor activity and recent analyst ratings and price targets for AXP."], ["20250719", "Former President Donald Trump has filed a lawsuit against the Wall Street Journal and its owners, including Rupert Murdoch, seeking at least $10 billion for defamation. The lawsuit stems from a Journal report alleging Trump's name appeared on a 2003 birthday greeting for Jeffrey Epstein that included a sexually suggestive drawing and a reference to shared secrets. Trump denies the report, calling the alleged greeting \"fake\" and accusing the Journal of publishing the article to harm his reputation."], ["20250718", "Intel's mass layoffs of 2,400 employees in Oregon will lead to reduced revenue for the state, despite the semiconductor industry remaining a major economic driver. While experts believe Intel will survive its current challenges as a slimmer company, the job losses signify a decline in the sector's employment, impacting Washington County's finances through decreased income and property taxes. The company aims to \"right-size\" itself to compete more effectively, with local officials anticipating a short-term financial hit but hoping existing agreements will mitigate the impact."], ["20250718", "A coalition of organizations, including Energy Alabama, Appalachian Voices, and Sierra Club, are strongly opposing any efforts to privatize the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA). They assert that privatization would lead to higher electricity rates, loss of public assets and recreational areas, and pose a national security risk, threatening the well-being of millions in the Tennessee Valley. The groups are urging senators to block any TVA board nominees who do not commit to upholding the public power model."], ["20250718", "Donald Trump has filed a lawsuit against Dow Jones, News Corp, Rupert Murdoch, and two Wall Street Journal reporters, alleging libel. This action follows a Wall Street Journal report claiming Trump sent Jeffrey Epstein a sexually suggestive birthday greeting in 2003, which Trump vehemently denies. The lawsuit comes amidst increased scrutiny of Trump's past relationship with Epstein and the ongoing debate about releasing Epstein-related grand jury testimony."], ["20250718", "A federal judge has dismissed Humana's lawsuit seeking to reinstate higher quality ratings for its 2025 Medicare Advantage plans, citing that the lawsuit was \"premature\" as Humana had not fully exhausted Medicare's formal appeals process. This ruling could impact billions of dollars in government bonuses for Humana. However, Humana is considering an appeal or refiling the lawsuit."], ["20250718", "Hesai Group (NASDAQ:HSAI) saw its stock decline on Thursday after a US District Court upheld a government decision to include the company on a list of entities allegedly linked to China\u2019s military. The company strongly denies the allegations, stating that the Department of Defense found no evidence of its products being used for military purposes or direct ties to the Chinese military, and has appealed the ruling."], ["20250718", "Los Angeles has filed a lawsuit against Airbnb, alleging that the home rental company allowed price gouging on at least 2,000 properties during the January wildfires in Southern California. The city claims that rental prices increased by over 10% in violation of a state law prohibiting such increases during a state of emergency. Airbnb, which commands an estimated 80% market share in Los Angeles, stated it has contributed significantly to fire recovery efforts and that its hosts receive error messages for excessive price hikes."], ["20250718", "The U.S. government has sided with Argentina in its effort to temporarily halt a court order requiring it to hand over its 51% stake in YPF to satisfy a $16.1 billion judgment. While the investors, Petersen Energia Inversora and Eton Park Capital Management, urged the appeals court to reject the stay, they also proposed that if a stay is granted, Argentina should suggest alternative collateral or conditions to prevent irreversible outcomes during its appeal. This dispute stems from Argentina's 2012 seizure of the YPF stake from Spain's Repsol without making a tender offer to minority shareholders."], ["20250718", "Moderna has canceled its plans to build a messenger RNA manufacturing plant in Japan, citing \"changes in the business environment\" both globally and within Japan. The company, facing declining revenue from COVID-19 shots and lower-than-expected uptake of its RSV vaccine, will reconsider the development if conditions improve. This decision comes amidst broader concerns in the pharmaceutical industry regarding regulations, trade policies, and political appointments."], ["20250718", "3M has raised its full-year profit forecast and reduced its estimated tariff-related impact on 2025 earnings following a trade truce between the U.S. and China. The company now expects a net tariff hit of 10 cents per share, down from an earlier projection of 20 to 40 cents, and adjusted its full-year profit forecast to $7.75-$8 per share. This positive revision comes after China, a significant market for 3M, signed a comprehensive trade deal with the U.S. in June."], ["20250718", "A Morgan Stanley analyst predicts the VOO ETF could fall by 10% due to the impact of Trump's trade policies on company balance sheets, despite the ETF's recent surge. However, the analyst also suggests this potential crash could create a good buying opportunity, leading to a new bull market. The VOO ETF has seen significant gains recently, fueled by strong earnings reports from major US companies."], ["20250717", "A lobbying disclosure has revealed that CLEVELAND-CLIFFS INC. spent $60,000 on lobbying during Q2 2025, addressing issues like trade policy affecting domestic production. The article also details recent insider trading activity for CLF stock, showing both purchases and sales, and highlights hedge fund movements, with several institutions significantly adding or removing shares. Furthermore, it covers recent analyst ratings and price targets for CLF from various Wall Street firms."], ["20250717", "ROKU INC. disclosed $60,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, focusing on technology industry issues including competition, privacy, copyright, and telecommunications policy. Insider trading activity shows significant sales by executives, while institutional investors exhibit mixed sentiments, with some major shifts in holdings. Analysts generally maintain positive ratings and price targets for ROKU stock."], ["20250717", "Bristol Myers and Pfizer will sell their blood thinner Eliquis directly to uninsured or underinsured U.S. patients at a discounted price, bypassing traditional pharmacy benefit managers. While the program offers a 43% discount from the list price, health pricing experts note that the discounted cost of $346 per month is still significantly higher than prices negotiated under the Inflation Reduction Act or those in other countries, raising concerns about affordability and the program's real impact on patients struggling with high out-of-pocket costs."], ["20250717", "President Donald Trump announced $92 billion in energy and AI investments for Pennsylvania from companies like Google, Blackstone, and FirstEnergy at a recent summit. These investments include new natural gas plants by Blackstone to power data centers and significant infrastructure upgrades by FirstEnergy. Environmental groups, however, criticized the plan for focusing on fossil fuels and potentially increasing costs and grid instability."], ["20250717", "A new executive order by President Donald Trump aims to establish \"American drone dominance,\" focusing on strengthening the U.S. drone industry for both civilian and military applications. The policy seeks to streamline procurement and deployment of U.S.-made drones to counter adversaries' advancements. Several companies, including Unusual Machines Inc., Red Cat Holdings Inc., and Mobilicom Ltd., are highlighted as potential beneficiaries of this strategic shift, with detailed analysis of their recent activities and market positions."], ["20250717", "Silver Lake, a significant owner of Dell Technologies (NASDAQ: DELL), sold $21.8 million worth of Class C Common Stock on July 15, 2025, with prices ranging from $125.9 to $127.56 per share. The company has also seen recent conversions of Class B to Class C shares by Silver Lake Partners and its affiliates. Analyst Mizuho raised its price target for Dell to $150 based on AI server wins, while KeyBanc initiated coverage with a Sector Weight rating due to potential gross margin pressures from AI growth."], ["20250717", "A recent lobbying disclosure reveals Live Nation Entertainment Inc. spent $70,000 in Q2 2025 on issues related to ticket sales transparency, competition enforcement, venue safety, and FAA Reauthorization Act implementation. The article also details recent congressional and insider stock trading activities for LYV, as well as hedge fund movements and analyst ratings and price targets."], ["20250717", "This Zacks Industry Outlook highlights five small drug companies\u2014Catalyst Pharmaceuticals, Zevra Therapeutics, Theravance Biopharma, Aldeyra Therapeutics, and Larimar Therapeutics\u2014amid President Trump's threats of new tariffs on pharmaceutical imports. The article discusses how the biotech sector has remained stable despite tariff threats, driven by positive pipeline and regulatory developments, innovation in key therapeutic areas, and healthy M&A activity. It also provides brief profiles and recent performance updates for each of the five featured companies, noting their potential for growth within the Zacks Medical-Drugs industry."], ["20250717", "Abbott Laboratories expects a financial hit of over $1 billion in 2025 due to a sharp decline in COVID-19 testing demand, new U.S. tariffs, and a government foreign aid freeze. The company's diagnostics division will be significantly impacted by fading COVID test sales and pricing pressure from China, while tariffs will also contribute to the financial headwind. Abbott lowered its annual sales growth estimates and forecasted third-quarter profit below expectations, leading to a nearly 9% drop in its shares."], ["20250717", "During an earnings call, SL Green CEO Marc Holliday unexpectedly praised Mayor Eric Adams, shifting the discussion to the city's mayoral race. Holliday, who recently switched his political support to Adams, highlighted the mayor's improvements in New York City since 2022. He also discussed the implications of democratic socialist Zohran Mamdani's potential victory, contrasting Mamdani's rent freeze proposals with Adams' pro-business stance, while downplaying any immediate impact on SL Green's deals despite investor concerns that led to a stock price drop."], ["20250717", "Graphite-related stocks surged following the US Commerce Department's announcement of a 93.5% anti-dumping tariff on Chinese graphite imports, bringing the total tariff to 160% with existing duties. This decision comes after a petition by American Active Anode Material Producers (AAAMP) alleging unfair pricing by Chinese companies. The move is expected to significantly reduce competition for North American graphite producers, who saw their stock prices rise, with a final determination anticipated in December."], ["20250717", "The U.S. Department of Justice announced it will file a brief with the New York Court of Appeals supporting Argentina in the YPF nationalization lawsuit. The brief will argue against forcing Argentina to transfer its 51% stake in YPF to plaintiffs, citing risks to U.S. rules on sovereign immunity and potential retaliatory actions against U.S. companies. The move comes after Judge Loretta Preska ordered Argentina to pay $16 billion in compensation and faced an order to transfer YPF shares, which the Court of Appeals has temporarily suspended."], ["20250717", "The Illinois Department of Natural Resources (IDNR) is offering a bounty of $100 per black carp caught, allowing fishermen to earn up to $1,000 monthly through the \"Keep, Cool, Call\" program. This initiative aims to encourage the reporting and research of black carp, an invasive species that threatens native mussels and snails in the Midwest waterways. Fishermen are instructed to note capture details, humanely kill and cool the fish, and then contact local resource agencies for identification and reimbursement."], ["20250717", "This commentary discusses the lawsuit filed by Missouri Attorney General Andrew Bailey against Starbucks concerning its Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) programs. The author, Bennett Nuss, analyzes the legal arguments Missouri is employing, suggesting it could serve as a blueprint for future federal actions against corporate DEI initiatives. The article details three main accusations against Starbucks, including alleged quota-based discrimination, tying executive compensation to diversity goals, and preferential treatment based on affinity groups."], ["20250717", "Copper ETFs are gaining popularity due to geopolitical tensions and new tariffs, with President Trump declaring a 50% tariff on copper, boosting futures prices and potentially benefiting copper miners. Beyond short-term price spikes, copper has long-term strength driven by its essential role in electricity generation, manufacturing, and technology, making it a stable investment. The article provides an overview of various copper ETFs, including those tracking futures contracts and mining equities, highlighting their strategies and holdings."], ["20250717", "UBS analyst Joshua Spector reiterated a 'Neutral' rating on Ecolab Inc. (ECL) but increased its price target to $288 from $271, citing the company's position to experience less severe impacts from tariffs. Ecolab's diverse portfolio across water treatment, hygiene, life sciences, and digital technologies provides a competitive edge, despite commodity markets likely remaining under pressure due to weakening demand."], ["20250717", "Copper ETFs have gained popularity due to geopolitical tensions and a proposed 50% tariff by the Trump administration, which has boosted copper prices and could benefit U.S. miners. Beyond short-term price spikes, copper exhibits long-term strength driven by its crucial role in electricity generation, manufacturing, and technology, including electric vehicles and renewable energy. The article reviews various copper ETFs, including futures-based funds and those investing in copper mining equities, highlighting their strategies and key holdings."], ["20250717", "Former President Donald Trump announced that Coca-Cola will switch to using cane sugar instead of high-fructose corn syrup in its US-made soft drinks due to his urging. Coca-Cola appreciated Trump's enthusiasm but did not confirm or deny the change, stating more details on new offerings would be shared soon. The move comes as Trump's health secretary has criticized high-fructose corn syrup, despite no scientific consensus that it is less healthy than cane sugar."], ["20250717", "Former President Donald Trump declared on Truth Social that Coca-Cola agreed to switch back to real cane sugar in its U.S. products after discussions with him. Coca-Cola responded vaguely, appreciating Trump's enthusiasm and stating that more details on new innovative offerings would be shared soon, without directly confirming a return to cane sugar. The company's CEO had previously noted ongoing efforts toward sugar reduction."], ["20250716", "A plan for a $63 billion semiconductor factory near Flint, Michigan, by Sandisk (which recently spun out from Western Digital) has been scrapped due to \"economic turmoil\" and national economic uncertainty. The project, which could have created nearly 10,000 jobs, was a major focus for Governor Gretchen Whitmer and Genesee County officials, who had prepared a 1,300-acre site and offered significant state and local incentives. Despite the setback, local economic development officials remain committed to attracting advanced manufacturing to the region."], ["20250716", "Kenvue (KVUE) is experiencing unusual put option activity following disappointing Q2 sales results and the departure of its CEO. Analysts project a forward P/E multiple of 18.5x, slightly higher than its two-year average, suggesting a potential downside. Investors are advised to exercise caution due to market uncertainty surrounding future tariff impacts and the company's efforts to unlock shareholder value."], ["20250716", "The Georgia Public Service Commission (PSC) has ruled that Georgia Power can continue to shield certain financial details, including cost, power generation, and transmission information, from public view by using \"trade secret\" designations. This decision came after the PSC denied a challenge from the Southern Environmental Law Center, representing clean energy groups. While the immediate challenge was rejected, the PSC hinted it might consider future changes to its policies regarding what utilities can keep hidden."], ["20250716", "A hearing is underway in Louisiana regarding Entergy's proposal to build three new electricity plants to power Meta's $10 billion AI data center. While state officials view the project as a significant economic boost, consumer and environmental groups express concerns about the massive energy demands, potential cost burden on ratepayers, and the reliance on fossil fuel plants. Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg has indicated plans to scale up the facility further, potentially making it rival the size of Manhattan in power consumption."], ["20250716", "Private prison companies, notably CoreCivic and GEO Group, are expected to achieve substantial profits from Stephen Miller's proposed mass detention agenda, which includes ballooning detention capacity to 100,000 beds. These companies were significant donors to Donald Trump's 2024 campaign and inaugural committee, anticipating financial windfalls from increased immigrant detention contracts. Critics express concerns that this expansion, coupled with dismantled oversight mechanisms, will lead to increased abuses in detention centers, as documented by reports of life-threatening conditions and denial of rights."], ["20250716", "Alcoa Corp., the leading U.S. aluminum producer, reported that tariffs imposed by former President Trump on Canadian imports incurred $115 million in additional costs during the second quarter. The company mitigated some of these expenses by redirecting aluminum produced in Canada to international customers, as it announced while reporting earnings that surpassed analyst expectations. This highlights the financial impact of Trump's trade policies on the aluminum industry."], ["20250716", "Argentina is projected to be Latin America's fastest-growing economy in 2025, with BBVA Research forecasting a 5.5% GDP expansion due to improved economic fundamentals and a Large Investment Incentive Regime. This growth is expected despite global uncertainty, driven by strengthened fiscal discipline, easing foreign exchange restrictions, and a more structured monetary framework. Inflation is also predicted to moderate significantly to 30% in 2025 and 18% in 2026."], ["20250716", "A committee has voted against plans to build solar fields in four Gaza Strip border kibbutzim, opting instead for dual-use agri-voltaic installations. This decision, contrary to the Israel Land Authority's earlier approvals, sparks a dispute between the Ministry of Agriculture, which prioritizes preserving agricultural land, and the Ministry of Finance, which supports large-scale solar projects to meet renewable energy targets. The rejected plans would have brought significant revenue to the settlements but were deemed detrimental to the region's agricultural future by the committee."], ["20250716", "First Horizon exceeded analysts' second-quarter earnings expectations, reporting diluted earnings per share of $0.45 and an optimistic outlook despite economic uncertainties. The bank also lowered its expense outlook for 2025, anticipating flat to 2% growth instead of the previous 2% to 4%, attributing this to strong expense management. Investors reacted positively, with shares rising 1.9% and analysts suggesting a premium valuation for the bank."], ["20250716", "The Lyndia, a new mixed-income community in Boston's Jamaica Plains, has opened as New England's largest permanent supportive housing development. A partnership between The Community Builders and Pine Street Inn, it features 140 of its 202 units dedicated to individuals experiencing chronic homelessness, alongside 62 affordable units. The project, financed by multiple public and private entities, also influenced Boston to eliminate parking requirements for future affordable housing developments."], ["20250716", "U.S. Gold Corp. announced its Copper Boot sponsorship for the 129th Annual Cheyenne Frontier Days, marking its fourth year of supporting the event. This renewed commitment follows the company's CK Gold Project receiving its Mine Operating Permit in May 2024, which holds 1.02 million ounces of gold and 260 million pounds of copper in proven and probable reserves. The project is expected to produce 111,250 ounces of gold equivalent annually over a ten-year mine life, strengthening U.S. Gold's presence and economic contribution in Wyoming."], ["20250716", "EVRAZ North America and Welded Tube of Canada have jointly filed an antidumping duty complaint with the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) against unfairly priced imports of Oil Country Tubular Goods (OCTG). The complaint targets imports from Mexico, the Philippines, Turkiye, Korea, and the United States, which Canadian producers claim are undermining domestic manufacturing, jobs, and the Canadian OCTG industry. The companies and the United Steelworkers union are urging the Canadian government to enforce trade laws to protect the domestic industry."], ["20250716", "Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang expects to receive the first US licenses for exporting H20 AI chips to China soon, allowing the company to resume sales of these crucial components. Huang stated that US officials have assured Nvidia of rapid approval, emphasizing the company's eagerness to fulfill existing orders for the H20 chips. This development marks a significant step for Nvidia in navigating US export controls to its key semiconductor market in China."], ["20250715", "TMC the metals company Inc. (TMC) saw its shares jump 10.8% after a US judge dismissed shareholder allegations of misrepresentation regarding environmental impacts and cash reserves during its 2021 public listing. The ruling found no sufficient evidence of false or misleading statements to support securities fraud claims. Additionally, President Donald Trump's recent imposition of 50% tariffs on copper imports is expected to further benefit TMC by reducing competition and strengthening pricing power for the critical metal."], ["20250715", "Copper prices have recently surged due to President Donald Trump's proposed 50% tariff on imported copper, causing benchmark prices to rise to about $5.60 a pound. Despite this increase, Wall Street analysts are predicting headwinds for the metal, leading to downgrades for two major copper mining companies, Freeport-McMo-Ran and Southern Copper. The article suggests that investors should consider selling these mining stocks."], ["20250715", "The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has dropped its civil bribery case against two former Cognizant Technology Solutions executives, Gordon Coburn and Steven Schwartz. This decision follows the Justice Department's earlier abandonment of a related criminal case, influenced by President Donald Trump's executive order to pause enforcement of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA). Trump has controversially called the FCPA a \"horrible law,\" suggesting its non-enforcement would boost American business, despite Cognizant having previously settled with the SEC for $25.2 million in connection with alleged bribes."], ["20250715", "The FTSE Mondo Visione Exchanges Index achieved significant growth in Q2 2025, closing June at a record high of 100,658.12 points, an increase of 0.8% from May and 8.9% for the quarter. This positive trend was driven by progress in global trade, easing inflation, and new U.S. legislation, despite initial geopolitical uncertainties. Key performers include the Multi Commodity Exchange of India, Nairobi Securities Exchange, and Croatia's Zagrebacka Burza."], ["20250715", "AngioDynamics, a Latham-headquartered manufacturer, anticipates a financial impact of $4 million to $6 million due to tariffs in 2026. This is expected to put pressure on the company's gross margin."], ["20250715", "A state board dismissed a legal challenge by Maui farmers concerning water access rights, upholding a permit that allows diverting millions of gallons of water from the East Maui Watershed. The N\u0101 Moku Aupuni O Ko\u2018olau Hui group had filed a contested case, arguing the diversion negatively impacts Native Hawaiian farmers. Despite objections from the group's attorneys and some board members, the Board of Land and Natural Resources sided with the Department of Land and Natural Resources' recommendation to dismiss the petition."], ["20250715", "Embraer SA's stock fell after its CEO, Francisco Gomes Neto, stated that potential tariffs proposed by Donald Trump could force the company to revise its business plan. Neto warned that a 50% tariff on Brazilian goods could result in a financial burden of 20 billion reais ($3.6 billion) by 2030, impacting cash flow and staffing levels similar to the COVID-19 pandemic. He described the proposed tariffs as an \"embargo\" due to their severe potential consequences."], ["20250715", "General Motors (GM) announced a $4 billion investment plan to expand production of gas-powered Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra light-duty pickups and move Cadillac Escalade production to a Michigan plant. This move signals a potential shift away from previous electric vehicle (EV) production goals due to weaker-than-expected demand, especially with new legislation eliminating EV tax credits and fines for not meeting fuel economy rules. The company aims to meet strong customer demand for its biggest money makers, the gasoline-powered trucks and SUVs."], ["20250715", "A recent disclosure revealed that Eastman Chemical Company spent $1,096,000 on lobbying in Q2 2025, focusing on issues such as tax credits, circular economy, and tariff policies. The article also details recent congressional and insider trading activities involving EMN stock, significant movements by hedge funds, and current analyst ratings and price targets for the company."], ["20250715", "Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) disclosed $270,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, focusing on high-skilled immigration, R&D competitiveness, corporate tax, and semiconductor issues. The article also details recent congressional stock trading, insider trading activity, hedge fund movements, and analyst ratings and price targets for TXN."], ["20250715", "Contracted workers at Ternium SIDERAR's General Savio plant will conduct a work stoppage with presence in their posts due to failed negotiations with the Ministry of Labor. They are demanding salary improvements and dignified working conditions, citing precarization by the Techint Group, with basic wages below the poverty line despite working long hours. Around 2,000 workers from 27 contractor companies are involved, highlighting a broader issue of labor insecurity and the parent company's refusal to take responsibility for its contractors' employees."], ["20250715", "This article revisits the industrial sector of the stock market, which has shown strong performance. It examines various catalysts, including new accounting rules and increased defense spending, that could further propel industrial activity in the U.S. The piece also reviews the performance of four industrial stocks previously picked by fund manager Bill Hench a year ago and provides updated insights from him and Spenser Lerner."], ["20250714", "Mizuho Securities reiterated Outperform ratings for First Solar, SunRun, and Bloom Energy, elevating their price targets despite President Donald Trump's new tax and spending bill removing several clean-energy supports. The analyst believes that not all parts of the solar sector will be affected equally by the changes."], ["20250714", "Jim Cramer commented on FMC Corporation (NYSE: FMC), calling it a \"really interesting story\" in light of a new 50% tariff imposed on Brazil, a major agricultural competitor to the U.S. FMC is an agricultural fungicide company, and Cramer expressed the need to understand how this tariff would impact its business before offering a definitive opinion. He had previously discussed FMC in February, noting a significant stock drop due to inventory problems in crop chemicals and emphasizing the importance of staying close to the agricultural sector."], ["20250714", "US stock futures slipped after President Donald Trump announced 30% tariffs on imports from the EU and Mexico, beginning August 1st, stoking global trade tensions. Investors are also closely watching second-quarter earnings reports from major banks, upcoming inflation data, and the growing rift between Trump and Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell. Despite the market dip, Boeing saw gains while Apple and Tesla slid, and Bitcoin hit a new record high."], ["20250714", "Waters Corp is set to acquire a bioscience and diagnostics unit spun off from Becton Dickinson (BD) in a $17.5 billion stock-and-cash transaction. This deal allows BD to exit a tariff-sensitive segment and concentrate on its core medtech business, while Waters aims to double its addressable market and leverage BD's manufacturing infrastructure to mitigate tariff costs. Despite potential benefits like a stronger domestic manufacturing base and improved pricing power, the deal was met with caution from investors, causing shares of both companies to fall due to concerns over complexity and execution risks."], ["20250714", "A federal judge denied motions to compel John Deere to release its dealer financial analysis dataset in ongoing antitrust right-to-repair lawsuits. The court ruled that Deere had already provided sufficient data during discovery, and the additional data, while relevant, would not add significant value as much of its content duplicated previously shared information. This decision limits the plaintiffs' access to a comprehensive record of dealer profitability to support their claims of anti-competitive practices by John Deere."], ["20250713", "Discussions on social media platform X indicate significant interest in Kratos Defense & Security Solutions (KTOS) following new developments in its drone technology and defense contracts. The company's strategic moves, including a new manufacturing facility and a substantial equity raise, are seen as strong growth indicators, alongside analyst upgrades and increased price targets. Despite positive sentiment, insider trading shows more sales than purchases, while institutional investors show mixed activity with major additions from BlackRock and State Street."], ["20250712", "Jim Cramer expressed a desire for former President Trump to praise Eli Lilly and Company, though he doubts it would happen due to prevailing sentiments against big pharma in the health department. Cramer highlighted Eli Lilly's lead in the weight loss drug market, its plans to expand manufacturing, and a strong pipeline including a weight loss pill and treatments for hypertension and Alzheimer's, forecasting a potential trillion-dollar market cap. He reiterated a belief that the company's CEO, David Ricks, is working on a daily pill for weight loss."], ["20250711", "Visteon Corp. received upgrades from Baird and Goldman Sachs due to its strong positioning against U.S. trade tensions, adherence to USMCA trade agreement, and increasing demand for digital cockpit systems. Both firms cited improving visibility for Q2 earnings, resilient North American operations, and new business wins with Toyota, which is expected to account for 10% of Visteon's revenue by 2028. Despite a cautious outlook on overall U.S. EV demand, Visteon is seen as insulated due to its focus on traditional nameplates and digital feature adoption."], ["20250711", "RBC Economics maintains its economic outlooks for the U.S. and Canada, despite significant trade-related news. The Federal Reserve's rate-cutting timeline is pushed back to December due to delayed tariff impacts on inflation and labor markets, while Canada's outlook remains largely unchanged as tariffs are expected only on non-USMCA compliant goods. Fiscal policies in both countries add uncertainty, with high U.S. deficit spending and increased Canadian support primarily benefiting growth in 2026 and beyond."], ["20250711", "Several Virgin Islands residents and a business have filed a civil lawsuit against the Water and Power Authority (WAPA), its CEO Karl Knight, and Itron Inc., alleging a violation of due process due to sky-high estimated bills, faulty meters, and a broken dispute resolution process. The plaintiffs, including the Caribbean Kidney Center which shuttered its St. Thomas operations, are seeking $39 million in damages, including $29 million in punitive damages. The lawsuit highlights individual cases of excessive billing ranging from a 90-year-old receiving $1500-$2000 bills to a solar-powered home still experiencing overcharges, and argues that mandatory avenues for dispute resolution have failed consumers."], ["20250711", "Shares of Zeta, Teladoc, Jamf, Dayforce, and 8x8 declined following a broader market sell-off. This downturn was triggered by renewed trade tensions after the Trump administration announced a 35% tariff on Canadian imports, sparking concerns about economic impact and investor risk aversion. Teladoc, specifically, experienced high volatility, with its shares trading significantly below its 52-week high despite a recent analyst price target increase."], ["20250711", "Moog has secured a new contract with Leonardo DRS for a year two comprehensive spares order for the U.S. Army's SGT Stout program, formally known as Maneuver-Short Range Air Defense (M-SHORAD). As the OEM for the Reconfigurable Integrated-weapons Platform (RIwP\u00ae), Moog will supply critical spare parts through June 2026, ensuring the operational readiness of fielded turrets. Discussions are ongoing for a potential year three spares order, highlighting continued collaboration between Moog and Leonardo DRS."], ["20250711", "The article discusses how the former president's return to the White House has led to a major shift in America's energy policy, prioritizing nuclear energy and thereby revolutionizing the landscape for uranium and related industries. Author Brian Hicks highlights the president's actions, including accelerating power plant approvals, designating uranium as an essential material, and banning Russian uranium imports. This policy shift is presented as a strategic move to secure energy independence and create investment opportunities in uranium stocks and nuclear technology companies."], ["20250711", "MURPHY OIL CORPORATION has disclosed $20,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, covering issues such as offshore leasing, oil and gas production, and environmental regulations. The article also details recent insider trading activity for MUR, with more purchases than sales, and significant shifts in institutional holdings. Analyst ratings are mixed, with a median price target of $26.0 from multiple firms."], ["20250711", "Nancy Pelosi's recent financial disclosure reveals her husband exercised call options for 20,000 Broadcom shares at an $80 strike price, representing a significant discount to the current market value. This purchase, made on June 20, positions Broadcom as a top holding alongside Nvidia. The article also mentions a rare losing trade by the Pelosis and highlights ongoing skepticism regarding the timing of her trades given her congressional role."], ["20250710", "A proposed bill by Donald Trump, the \"One Big Beautiful Bill Act,\" could shift up to $14 billion in student loan demand from federal programs to private lenders by ending the Graduate PLUS loan program. This presents a significant opportunity for fintech companies like SoFi and Sallie Mae, potentially generating hundreds of millions in origination fees and billions in annual interest income. Bank of America maintains a Neutral rating on SoFi, noting its strong positioning in the neo/digital bank space."], ["20250710", "The article discusses the upcoming \"Crypto Week\" in the U.S. House of Representatives, where three digital asset bills, including the GENIUS Act and the CLARITY Act, will be considered. It highlights that the potential passage of this legislation could bring much-needed regulatory clarity to the crypto industry. The article also identifies Circle Group (CRCL) and Coinbase Global (COIN) as potential beneficiaries if the GENIUS Act passes, and suggests that Bitcoin proxies like Strategy (MSTR), iShares Bitcoin Trust ETF (IBIT), and ARK Bitcoin ETF (ARKB) could also see bullish movement."], ["20250710", "The Department of Labor (DOL) has filed an amicus brief supporting plan sponsors in a lawsuit concerning forfeiture practices within 401(k) plans. This brief urges the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals to uphold a district court decision in _Hutchins v. HP, Inc._, where a participant alleged HP misused forfeited funds. The DOL's stance emphasizes that forfeiture practices are permissible under the Internal Revenue Code and ERISA, and that challenging them creates an uncertain landscape for retirement plans."], ["20250710", "Following a $45 billion congressional appropriation to increase detention capacity, ICE is considering six privately-owned, currently inactive facilities in Colorado for expansion. These sites include the Huerfano County Correctional Center, Cheyenne Mountain Center, Hudson Correctional Facility, Baptiste Migrant Detention Facility, Colorado Springs Migrant Detention Facility, and a \"soft-sided\" facility in Walsenburg. The ACLU, which obtained the list through a FOIA lawsuit, warns that this expansion will lead to more dangerous and inhumane conditions for immigrants, while Governor Jared Polis has called for greater transparency from ICE and a focus on apprehending violent criminals."], ["20250710", "FuelCell Energy has signed a memorandum of understanding with Inuverse to supply up to 100 megawatts of fuel-cell power and thermal energy for absorption chilling to the AI Daegu Data Center in South Korea. This nonbinding agreement highlights FuelCell's clean and scalable energy platform, with deployment expected to begin in phases in 2027. The company's technology, which includes integrated thermal capabilities, is set to support what is anticipated to be the largest AI hyperscale data center in Asia."], ["20250710", "Hasbro is increasing board game production at its manufacturing partner Cartamundi's plant in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts, partly to navigate around U.S. import tariffs. CEO Chris Cocks indicated that while reshoring helps, the broader toy industry's supply chain is largely overseas, limiting how much can be moved. The East Longmeadow plant, which previously belonged to Milton Bradley, manufactures popular Hasbro games like Monopoly and Twister."], ["20250710", "Regional bank stocks, once a favored \"Trump trade\" that surged after the 2024 election, have underperformed in 2025. However, Wall Street veteran Ed Yardeni suggests a potential comeback due to their low valuations and optimistic earnings growth prospects, especially if deregulation and M&A activity increase. Investors are encouraged to reconsider regional banks, which trade at historically low price-to-earnings ratios compared to larger financial institutions."], ["20250710", "SolarBank Corporation has secured a $100 million financing partnership with CIM Group to develop a 97MW solar portfolio, strategically positioning itself to qualify for full U.S. investment tax credits under the \"Big Beautiful Bill\" by the July 4, 2026 deadline. The company is also expanding its clean energy presence in Canada with battery storage systems in Ontario and community solar projects in Nova Scotia. This move aims to leverage favorable policy landscapes in both countries and meet growing energy demand in the U.S."], ["20250710", "Citi has raised its price target on QUALCOMM (QCOM) from $145 to $170, while maintaining a Hold rating. This adjustment is attributed to the semiconductor sector's resilience against tariffs and growing demand. The article also highlights Qualcomm's strong fiscal Q2 2025 results, with revenues up 15.45% year-over-year and EPS exceeding expectations."], ["20250710", "This article examines whether it's time for investors to rotate from high-performing technology stocks (XLK) into the underperforming, yet defensive, healthcare sector (XLV). It highlights the significant divergence in performance, with tech surging while healthcare lagged, and discusses factors like stretched valuations in tech and the defensive nature of healthcare, especially given an aging population and consistent demand for services. Despite political rhetoric, the article suggests that healthcare offers compelling long-term exposure and a potential tactical opportunity for rebalancing portfolios."], ["20250709", "This article provides an overview of insider trading activity for DoorDash, Inc. Class A stock (DASH), specifically detailing trades made by members of the U.S. Congress. It also includes information on the company's corporate lobbying, estimated quarterly spending on various issues, and other financial data points like executive compensation and smart score. The content offers insight into both political and financial aspects surrounding DoorDash."], ["20250709", "The Civil Justice Council (CJC) has released its Final Report on litigation funding in England and Wales, recommending 58 reforms. Key proposals include legislating to reverse the PACCAR decision both retrospectively and prospectively, and establishing a formal, comprehensive regulatory scheme for litigation funding. The report also suggests reforms to Contingency Fee Agreements (CFAs) and Damages-Based Agreements (DBAs), aiming for clarity and consumer protection, while noting that some recommendations might unintentionally hinder access to justice."], ["20250709", "A AES Corporation, um dos gigantes da energia renov\u00e1vel, enfrenta uma crise significativa, avaliando a venda de ativos ap\u00f3s uma queda de 50% em seu valor de mercado nos \u00faltimos dois anos. Essa situa\u00e7\u00e3o \u00e9 atribu\u00edda \u00e0s restri\u00e7\u00f5es do governo Trump \u00e0 energia limpa, que incluem tarifas elevadas e redu\u00e7\u00e3o de incentivos fiscais. Grandes fundos como Brookfield e BlackRock est\u00e3o de olho em uma poss\u00edvel aquisi\u00e7\u00e3o, o que poderia redefinir o mercado de energia nos EUA, enquanto o desfecho das elei\u00e7\u00f5es presidenciais de 2025 \u00e9 visto como crucial para o futuro da empresa e do setor."], ["20250709", "The Invesco QQQ Trust (QQQ) saw significant inflows of $1.4 billion, increasing its assets under management to $352.7 billion, despite overall U.S. equity ETFs experiencing $1.4 billion in outflows due to ongoing tariff concerns. This occurred as the S&P 500 remained largely flat after President Trump reaffirmed his August 1 tariff deadline. Other ETFs like the Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLF) and iShares 0-3 Month Treasury Bond ETF (SGOV) also attracted substantial assets."], ["20250708", "The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act (PWFA), passed in 2022, requires employers to provide reasonable accommodations for conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions, including abortion care, a provision that has sparked significant controversy and legal challenges. This act aims to protect workers from discrimination and retaliation, addressing a long history of insufficient legal protection for pregnant people in the workplace. While the PWFA does not mandate abortion services payment, it could provide crucial job security and leave for those seeking or recovering from abortion care, particularly benefiting low-income workers facing barriers to reproductive healthcare access."], ["20250708", "WisdomTree has launched a new ETF, the WisdomTree GeoAlpha Opportunities Fund (GEOA), on the NYSE. This fund employs a passive strategy to track a rules-based index focusing on companies that stand to benefit from global geopolitical events, shifts in fiscal and monetary policy, technological innovation, and changing consumer preferences. GEOA aims to provide investors a way to align their portfolios with dynamic global developments and carries a net expense ratio of 0.58%."], ["20250708", "China is embarking on an ambitious project to build data centers in the Gobi desert, intending to equip them with over 115,000 banned Nvidia AI chips to enhance its AI capabilities. This initiative raises serious concerns for US officials who restricted such sales to China to prevent military advantages. While the origin of these restricted chips remains unclear, the scale of the proposed data centers, especially in Xinjiang, highlights China's determination to lead in AI despite US sanctions and the challenges of acquiring such advanced hardware."], ["20250708", "President Donald Trump signed a tax and spending bill that includes a new 1% tax on international money transfers, effective next year. This tax is lower than the initially proposed 5% due to strong opposition from payments companies and fintechs. The tax primarily affects remittances paid with cash or similar instruments and is a reduction from the prior version that only applied to non-U.S. citizens."], ["20250708", "Vertex, Inc. (NASDAQ: VERX) announced it will release its second quarter 2025 financial results on August 6, 2025, before market open, followed by a conference call at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. The company, a leading provider of indirect tax solutions, will make a replay of the call available until August 20, 2025. This allows stakeholders to access crucial updates on its performance and market position."], ["20250707", "Northern Dynasty Minerals (NAK) is in active negotiations with the EPA regarding a potential settlement to reconsider the Pebble Mine veto, with an agreement on further information submission expected within two weeks and a status report due July 17, 2025. CEO Ron Thiessen expressed optimism, highlighting that withdrawing the veto would secure domestic supply of critical metals like copper and rhenium for U.S. electrification and military applications, while also benefitting Alaska's economy. The market reacted positively, with NAK's stock gaining 27.86% on the news."], ["20250707", "This July 2025 Regulatory & Legislative Update details significant legislative and judicial developments impacting benefits, tax, and healthcare. Key changes include permanent HSA/telehealth compatibility, increased dependent care assistance amounts, and amendments to paid sick leave laws in Nebraska, Pittsburgh, and New York City. The update also covers Supreme Court decisions on preventive services and reproductive health privacy, and changes to marketplace integrity and affordability rules."], ["20250707", "Brookfield Properties, a private equity firm, is facing organized tenant action over allegations of unfair billing practices and mistreatment in its Washington D.C. Navy Yard properties. Tenants formed the Brookfield DC Tenants union after an accidental email exposed a third-party utility provider knowingly overcharging residents. Issues include excessive utility fees, common area charges, and a lack of transparency in fee calculations, leading to a proposed class-action lawsuit and concerns for Brookfield's institutional investors."], ["20250707", "Alex Kellogg criticizes Michigan's energy monopolies, DTE and Consumers Energy, for consistently high energy costs and frequent power outages. He highlights the financial burden on residents due to these issues while the energy companies report record profits, questioning when this cycle will end."], ["20250707", "The Kansas Corporation Commission has approved a plan allowing Evergy to recover over $1 billion from customers for three new facilities: one solar plant and two gas plants. While the commission sanctioned the costs, it warned Evergy to moderate the frequency and magnitude of rate increases, emphasizing the need for affordability and consideration of less capital-intensive options. The solar facility is expected to cost nearly $230 million, and the two gas plants are projected to cost around $790 million and $800 million respectively."], ["20250707", "The Schwab US Dividend Equity ETF (SCHD) has experienced a significant rally, rebounding over 15% to its highest level since April 2, attributed to Donald Trump's Liberation Day speech and the end of the Iran-Israel war. Technical analysis indicates a bullish outlook with the emergence of a golden cross pattern and upward trending oscillators, suggesting further gains with a target of $29.20. While the upcoming earnings season is anticipated to be challenging, it could signal a market bottom, potentially contributing to continued growth for SCHD."], ["20250707", "Sunrun Inc. shares have surged by 6.0% due to favorable legislative actions, including a recent US Senate bill supporting solar projects and avoiding an excise tax. The company's financial performance shows strong revenue and gross margins, with a focus on risk management despite current net income losses. Sunrun's deployment of home batteries and anticipation of interest rate cuts further contribute to positive investor sentiment and market momentum in the clean energy sector."], ["20250706", "Azoria Partners has postponed the launch of its Tesla-focused ETF due to Elon Musk's entry into U.S. politics with the formation of the \"America Party.\" Azoria CEO James Fishback, a supporter of former President Trump, expressed concerns about Musk's political activities impacting Tesla's leadership stability. The delay highlights how Musk's non-Tesla endeavors can influence financial markets and investor sentiment."], ["20250706", "Investment firm Azoria Partners has postponed the launch of its Tesla Convexity ETF after Tesla CEO Elon Musk announced he was forming a new U.S. political party called \"The America Party.\" Azoria CEO James Fishback expressed concerns on X (formerly Twitter) that Musk's political ambitions might interfere with his responsibilities as Tesla's CEO, leading to the decision to delay the ETF. This move comes shortly after Musk stated he was stepping back from his government efficiency role and following President Trump's signing of a new tax bill, which Musk had opposed."], ["20250704", "Bitcoin's price dropped to $107,400 despite $1 billion in spot BTC ETF inflows, primarily due to a multibillion-dollar transfer from a dormant 2011-era wallet and looming macroeconomic concerns like US import tariffs and fiscal deficits. While large wallet movements often trigger FUD, the article suggests that broader economic uncertainty and profit-taking are more likely reasons for Bitcoin's weakness than a single crypto-related factor."], ["20250704", "Shares of Korea Electric Power Corp. (KEPCO) and Korea Gas Corp. (KOGAS) surged on expectations of utility rate hikes following the passage of a revised Commercial Act. The amendment requires directors to serve shareholders, strengthening minority shareholder rights and potentially ending government-imposed low utility rates. This shift could improve the financial health of KEPCO and KOGAS, which have accumulated significant debt due to frozen rates, but might also lead to higher costs for consumers."], ["20250704", "Representative Tom Suozzi (D-N.Y.) sold up to $50,000 of Global Industrial Co. stock in March 2025 without previously disclosing ownership, exploiting a now-closed loophole in federal law regarding unvested stock. Suozzi's office claims he complied with rules applicable at the time of his last financial disclosure in 2024, stating the stock had not vested. This transaction highlights ongoing debates about congressional stock trading, particularly as Suozzi has a history of disclosure violations of the STOCK Act."], ["20250703", "Oshkosh Defense has secured a $165 million order from the U.S. Army for 225 trucks and 54 trailers, continuing its support under the Family of Heavy Tactical Vehicles (FHTV) contract. This order includes HEMTT A4 heavy tactical vehicle variants and A2 versions of its palletized load system, enhancing capabilities for Army components like the National Guard and Reserve. The FHTV contract, awarded in August 2024, has a five-year ordering period with a potential value of $1.5 billion."], ["20250703", "This article identifies three top stocks under $20\u2014Cleveland-Cliffs (CLF), Newell Brands (NWL), and Energy Transfer (ET)\u2014that are poised to benefit from the \"Made in America\" movement. These companies, operating in critical sectors like steel, consumer goods, and energy infrastructure, are highlighted for their commitment to domestic operations and potential for investor returns. The piece suggests that renewed focus on U.S. manufacturing and energy independence creates significant tailwinds for these American-centric businesses."], ["20250703", "The Montana Public Service Commission (PSC) has approved a reduction in a rate increase for NorthWestern Energy (NWE) customers, setting the adjusted increase at 4.2% instead of the initially proposed 8.3%. This decision, which passed with a 3-2 vote, followed a contentious rate case and an eight-day evidentiary hearing, aiming to protect consumers. NWE had initially filed for an 8.3% increase in July 2024 and temporarily raised rates in May 2025 without prior approval, but later agreed to a reduced rate."], ["20250703", "Westchester County Executive Ken Jenkins has secured two in-person public hearings to address Con Edison's proposed gas and electric rate increases, which would increase the average electric bill by 11.4% and the average natural gas bill by 13.3% in 2026. Jenkins has formally opposed the rate hikes, citing the burden on working-class families, seniors, and small businesses, and has signed legislation to formalize the county's opposition. The article also provides a \"Reality Check\" comparing electricity prices in OECD countries, noting that even with the proposed increase, Con Edison's rates would remain below most European OECD countries."], ["20250703", "The Montana Public Service Commission has approved a rate reduction for NorthWestern Energy customers following an extensive review process, including an eight-day evidentiary hearing. While NWE initially sought an 8.3% increase, a settlement agreement limited the increase to 4.2%. The case remains ongoing, with a final order from the PSC expected after further brief submissions."], ["20250703", "AT&T announced plans to accelerate its fiber network expansion due to pro-investment policies in the newly passed \"One Big Beautiful Bill Act.\" This legislation will enable AT&T to increase its investment by an additional 1 million fiber customer locations annually starting in 2026, advancing U.S. infrastructure goals and wireless technology leadership. The company will provide further details on the financial impact when it releases its second-quarter results on July 23, 2025."], ["20250702", "A Delaware court has sided with AIG, ruling that the insurer is not obligated to cover Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.'s SEC investigation costs under its directors and officers (D&O) policy. Clear Channel sought coverage for over $26 million in legal fees related to an SEC probe stemming from misappropriated funds at a subsidiary. The court found that investigations of an organization were explicitly excluded from the policy's definition of a \"Securities Claim,\" despite a tolling request, highlighting the critical importance of specific policy language in D&O coverage."], ["20250702", "As a\u00e7\u00f5es da Centene Corp. (NYSE:CNC) despencaram ap\u00f3s a empresa retirar suas proje\u00e7\u00f5es de lucros para 2025, impactada por dados preocupantes de seus planos de sa\u00fade vinculados ao Affordable Care Act (ACA), que revelaram um crescimento menor e uma base de pacientes mais doente. Essa not\u00edcia tamb\u00e9m afetou outras seguradoras do setor ACA. A situa\u00e7\u00e3o \u00e9 agravada pelo aumento dos custos do Medicaid, a expira\u00e7\u00e3o de subs\u00eddios federais e a incerteza pol\u00edtica."], ["20250702", "The New Mexico Public Regulation Commission (NMPRC) has approved an unopposed stipulation for PNM's 2028 Resource Application. This approval will add 450 megawatts of new solar and battery storage capacity by 2028, helping PNM meet New Mexico's zero-carbon requirements. The plan includes extending a power agreement, adding two battery storage facilities, and building a new solar and battery storage facility with a significant capital investment."], ["20250702", "The city of Sugar Land has approved a $2 million incentive for Applied Optoelectronics Inc. (AOI) to expand its operations, expecting to create 500 new jobs with an average salary of $61,240. This investment will fund the expansion of AOI's manufacturing line and a new 266,000-square-foot facility, strengthening Sugar Land's role as a technology hub. The expansion is expected to be operational in late summer 2025, with the new facility opening in summer 2026."], ["20250702", "A controversial provision in the Senate's 940-page spending bill could force gamblers to pay taxes on \"phantom\" winnings. The new rule limits the amount of money gamblers can deduct from their winnings to a maximum of 90% of their losses. This has caused significant concern within the gambling industry and among investors."], ["20250702", "The article announces that State Street Global Advisors has a new name. It also includes several \"Recently Updated Q&As\" on tax rules and regulations, as well as related stories for financial advisors."], ["20250701", "The U.S. Postal Service significantly reduced air transport costs by 43% in the first quarter after switching its primary air cargo contract from FedEx to UPS, according to an inspector general's report. Despite the cost savings and increased operational flexibility, the audit identified issues with incomplete data collection, improper scanning of packages, and hazardous material shipments mistakenly entering the UPS network, urging improvements in performance measurement and network planning. The new $10 billion contract supports the USPS's strategy to shift to less expensive ground transportation to mitigate financial losses and enhance service."], ["20250701", "Shares of medical device makers Dexcom (DXCM), Tandem Diabetes (TNDM), and Insulet (PODD) fell due to a proposed reduction in Medicare reimbursements for wearable diabetes technology. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services introduced a competitive bidding process for continuous glucose monitors and insulin pumps. This proposal threatens the profitability of these companies' diabetes devices."], ["20250701", "Electronics manufacturer Jabil Inc. is investing $500 million to build a new facility in Rowan County, North Carolina. This project aims to create nearly 1,200 jobs by the end of 2030, focusing on manufacturing for cloud computing and AI data centers. The state and local governments are providing over $21 million in incentives for this development."], ["20250701", "The Georgia Public Service Commission (PSC) is considering Georgia Power's request to freeze base consumer power rates at their current level until 2028. While this extension of an alternative rate plan doesn't include pre-approved hikes, Georgia Power plans to file separate rate cases in 2026 to recover an estimated $860 million in storm costs and fuel costs, potentially leading to increased consumer bills. Consumer watchdogs criticize the proposed freeze, arguing it locks in a high-profit margin for the utility and allows deferred cost considerations, while some business groups and local governments support the stability."], ["20250701", "Axos Financial, Inc. announced it will host a conference call on July 30, 2025, to discuss its fourth-quarter fiscal year 2025 financial results. The company also provided an update on the financial impact of recent changes to California's income tax law, which resulted in a one-time non-cash impairment of approximately $4 million but is expected to reduce the effective tax rate in future fiscal years."], ["20250701", "Tata Semiconductor and Israel's Tower Semiconductor have been shortlisted for the first phase of a \u20b94,000-crore revamp project for the Semi-Conductor Laboratory (SCL) in Mohali, India. This project, part of the \u20b976,000-crore India Semiconductor Mission, aims to upgrade SCL's existing 8-inch fabrication line. The selected company will be responsible for enhancing production capacity, replacing outdated machinery, and integrating advanced equipment for VLSI chips, ASICs, optoelectronics, and MEMS devices."], ["20250701", "Electronics maker Jabil Inc. is investing $500 million to build a new manufacturing facility in Rowan County, North Carolina, creating nearly 1,200 jobs. This operation will support cloud computing and artificial intelligence data centers, with an average minimum wage of approximately $62,000 for the new positions. North Carolina offered over $21 million in state and local incentives to secure the project, competing with Florida."], ["20250701", "Eos Energy Enterprises has received a $22.7 million loan advance from the Department of Energy, completing the full draw of $90.9 million for its first manufacturing line under Project AMAZE. This funding, along with recent stock and convertible note offerings, boosts Eos' financial position and supports the expansion of its U.S. manufacturing capabilities to meet growing customer demand for zinc-based battery energy storage systems, especially for an anticipated 6 GWh from recently signed MOUs. The company aims to build a robust domestic supply chain and create jobs while addressing the increasing needs of the energy storage market."], ["20250701", "The Town of Saugus is transitioning its solid waste and recycling hauling services to Capitol Waste Services, Inc., effective July 1, 2025, moving away from previous hauler Republic Services. This change is expected to bring significant financial savings and improved service reliability. The switch also follows a Special Town Meeting vote to adopt automated waste collection."], ["20250701", "Qualivian Investment Partners sold its stake in United Rentals (URI) in Q1 2025 finding more upside potential in existing holdings and citing concerns about the cyclicality of the equipment rental industry and potential risks from a Trump Administration's tariff policies. The fund outperformed both the iShares MSCI USA Quality Factor ETF (QUAL) and the S&P 500 since its inception, including in Q1 2025. Despite United Rentals being a market leader, Qualivian now sees greater promise in AI stocks due to their potential for higher returns within a shorter timeframe."], ["20250801", "Summit County and Xcel Energy have reached a settlement regarding the $155-million Mountain Energy Project, which aims to reduce natural gas use and emissions in several Colorado counties. This agreement, awaiting approval from the Colorado Public Utility Commission, seeks to prevent the full cost from being borne solely by Eastern Mountain Gas System customers. The settlement includes provisions for non-pipeline alternatives, reduced liquefied natural gas tanks, and an electric heating rate pilot program to align with local sustainability goals."], ["20250731", "The Metals Company (TMC), a Canada-based deep-sea mining firm, has significantly shifted its public narrative from emphasizing deep-sea minerals as a sustainable solution for green technologies to positioning them as strategic assets vital for U.S. national security. This pivot gained momentum following accusations of environmental damage and regulatory delays, aligning with the current political climate and leading to potential U.S. approval for deep-sea mining even before formal authorization. Critics argue this shift is a deliberate strategy to circumvent environmental concerns and capitalize on anxieties about competition with China."], ["20250730", "Lowe's Cos Inc. has secured an incentives deal from the City of Kaufman for a new 137,000-square-foot store. The Kaufman City Council approved an economic development deal that will provide Lowe's with a grant to cover half of its site infrastructure costs in the city east of Dallas."], ["20250729", "OG&E is reminding its customers about available bill assistance programs and energy-saving tools during the hot summer months. The OGE Energy Corp. Foundation is donating $130,000 to five nonprofits to help qualifying customers with utility bills, and OG&E offers programs like Silver Energy, energy efficiency upgrades, and the Low-Income Assistance Program. Additionally, the Foundation is investing in other community-based nonprofits providing essential services across its service area."], ["20250729", "AstraZeneca CEO Pascal Soriot has stated he is open to aligning drug prices globally, breaking ranks with other pharmaceutical industry leaders. He believes the current disparity in drug pricing, particularly in the US, is unsustainable and that the industry should be involved in shaping future regulations rather than being surprised by them."], ["20250729", "New Hampshire's Consumer Advocate, Donald M. Kreis, criticizes the Public Utilities Commission's decision to significantly increase Eversource's fixed monthly charges and energy service rates, despite public outcry and Governor Ayotte's disappointment. The rate hikes, which include a 24% increase in Eversource distribution rates and higher energy charges for all utilities, are attributed to an unusually cold past winter, spiking wholesale electricity prices, and the Community Power Coalition's hedging strategy. Kreis urges customers to organize and highlights the struggle residential customers face with high electricity costs and limited switching options."], ["20250725", "This article explores the resilience of corporate bonds despite policy uncertainty and geopolitical tensions. Authors discuss opportunities in investment-grade credit, particularly given tight spreads after widening earlier in the year. The piece also considers the potential impact of fiscal policy on fixed income markets and portfolio positioning."], ["20250724", "Malaysia has secured over RM63 billion in semiconductor investments as of March 2025, with RM58 billion from foreign investors and RM5 billion from domestic sources. This achievement is part of the National Semiconductor Strategy (NSS), a three-phase plan backed by RM25 billion in fiscal support aimed at enhancing Malaysia's semiconductor capabilities. The strategy involves nurturing local champions, advancing IC design, expanding advanced packaging, and strengthening manufacturing equipment development, alongside a RM1.2 billion investment to develop 60,000 engineers by 2030."], ["20250724", "This article explains the key differences between corporate dividends and Master Limited Partnership (MLP) distributions, both being forms of income generation for investors. It highlights that corporate dividends from C-corporations are subject to double taxation, while MLP distributions benefit from a pass-through entity structure, offering tax-deferred and often tax-advantaged income. The piece also details the distinct tax implications for each, including the use of Schedule K-1 for MLPs and varying tax rates for qualified versus nonqualified dividends."], ["20250724", "President Donald Trump has issued a proclamation exempting 25 chemical manufacturers, including 12 in Louisiana, from new EPA regulations aimed at controlling harmful emissions. The two-year exemption to the Hazardous Organic National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants (HON rule) is justified by Trump as providing regulatory relief due to claimed impracticality of current monitoring technologies. Environmental groups criticize the move, citing the exempted facilities' histories of accidents and pollution, while the Louisiana Chemical Association supports it, arguing for more realistic timelines for compliance."], ["20250723", "Representatives Chellie Pingree (D-Maine) and David Rouzer (R-N.C.), along with Senators Tammy Baldwin (D-Wisc.) and Susan Collins (R-Maine), have reintroduced the bipartisan Healthy Drinking Water Affordability Act. This legislation aims to protect drinking water from \"forever chemicals\" (PFAS) and other contaminants by providing grants for water testing and treatment technology, particularly to individuals and nonprofits in rural communities. The bill focuses on enabling access to point-of-use filtration systems for the nearly 43 million U.S. households, predominantly in rural areas, that rely on private wells and lack regular monitoring."], ["20250723", "Global Partners is challenging the Massachusetts Department of Transportation's (MassDOT) decision to award a 35-year travel plaza lease to Applegreen, calling for a formal oversight hearing. The Waltham, Massachusetts-based company, which owns Alltown Fresh, argues that MassDOT's RFP process lacked transparency and that its own bid offered significantly more guaranteed revenue for the state. MassDOT defends its process, stating it followed national best practices and that Applegreen's proposal was chosen for the best overall value based on a comprehensive scoring system."], ["20250722", "Coca-Cola has confirmed it will launch a cane sugar version of its flagship soda in the U.S. in the fall, following an announcement by former President Trump on social media. The company stated this is part of its innovation agenda to expand product choices and acknowledged Trump's \"enthusiasm\" for the brand. This move comes as the U.S. version of the drink typically uses high-fructose corn syrup, unlike \"Mexican Coke\" which already uses cane sugar."], ["20250722", "Donald Trump's potential crackdown on Chinese transshipments through countries like Vietnam and Mexico could significantly impact global supply chains and emerging market ETFs. If implemented, increased tariffs on goods rerouted through third countries could affect economies heavily reliant on this diversion, such as Vietnam and Mexico, putting ETFs like VNM and EWW at risk. The ultimate impact, however, hinges on the rigor of enforcement, with vague definitions of \"localized\" goods and uncertain verification mechanisms potentially limiting the policy's bite."], ["20250721", "Major asset managers like Invesco, Fidelity International, and JPMorgan Asset Management are increasing their investments in risk assets, especially US and Asian technology shares and emerging markets. This bullish strategy is based on the expectation that while Donald Trump may threaten economic disruption, he will ultimately pull back, allowing the stock rally to continue."], ["20250719", "Steel giant ArcelorMittal has suspended plans to transition to green steel production in Germany despite being offered substantial subsidies, raising concerns about the feasibility of Germany's carbon-neutral goals for the industry. The company cited slow progress in energy transition aspects, uncompetitive hydrogen solutions, and a challenging European steel market. This pullout highlights the significant cost, supply, and infrastructure challenges facing green hydrogen adoption and green steel production in Germany."], ["20250719", "JACOBS SOLUTIONS INC. disclosed $150,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, covering diverse issues including defense appropriations, infrastructure, environmental programs, and renewable energy. This update also highlights recent insider trading activity with 3 insider purchases, significant hedge fund portfolio adjustments, and recent analyst ratings with 5 buy ratings and a median price target of $151.5."], ["20250719", "President Donald Trump signed the \"Genius Act,\" the first federal bill to regulate stablecoins, which he hailed as a significant step for American dominance in global finance and crypto technology. The new law establishes a clear regulatory framework for US dollar-backed stablecoins, requiring firms to hold dollar-for-dollar reserves. This move is seen as a victory for the digital asset industry, providing more certainty and fostering innovation, while also securing the dollar's status as the world's reserve currency."], ["20250718", "Northrop Grumman manufactures millions of vital semiconductor chips annually at its Baltimore facility for U.S. military systems, addressing foreign tech dependence and national security threats. These chips, integral to defense systems, are produced entirely in the U.S., with production times ranging from weeks to expedited timelines during national security needs. The company's U.S.-based manufacturing positions it favorably amidst potential tariffs on imported semiconductors."], ["20250718", "SOUTHERN COMPANY (SO) recently disclosed $40,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, covering energy, environmental, and tax reform issues. The article also details recent congressional stock trades, insider trading activity, and significant hedge fund movements related to SO stock. Analyst ratings and price targets for SO are also provided, with a median target of $94.0 from 11 analysts."], ["20250717", "The European Commission has proposed a new system of EU own resources to reduce reliance on GNI contributions and ensure sustainable funding. The proposal includes upholding existing plans for Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) and Emissions Trading System (ETS)-based contributions, along with three new resources: a Corporate Resource for Europe (CORE) based on corporate turnover, an E-waste own resource, and a Tobacco excise duty own resource. This decision requires unanimous agreement from Member States and, if adopted, would apply from January 1, 2028, with the CORE levy applying after its entry into force."], ["20250717", "The US Commerce Department plans to impose preliminary anti-dumping duties of 93.5% on imports of Chinese graphite, a crucial battery component, citing unfair subsidies. This adds to existing tariffs, bringing the total to 160%, and is expected to raise costs for battery manufacturers while boosting shares of North American and Asia-Pacific producers. The move further strains the global EV supply chain already impacted by China's export controls on critical minerals."], ["20250716", "Canadian steel manufacturers EVRAZ North America and Welded Tube of Canada have filed an antidumping duty complaint with the CBSA, alleging unfair pricing of Oil Country Tubular Goods (OCTG) imports from Mexico, the Philippines, Turkiye, South Korea, and the United States. They claim over 200,000 metric tonnes of dumped OCTG have entered Canada since 2023, threatening Canadian jobs and critical energy infrastructure production. The companies and the United Steelworkers union are urging swift enforcement of trade laws by the CBSA and CITT to protect the domestic steel industry."], ["20250716", "Long Beach has temporarily halted the operation of delivery robots, specifically those by Serve Robotics used for Uber Eats, while the city develops a proper licensing and regulatory framework. This decision comes after a resident reported a \"strange encounter\" with a robot and prompted city departments to work on a pilot program for automated delivery services, aiming for a small-scale launch later this year. Serve Robotics, which operates in several other major U.S. cities, has complied with the city's request."], ["20250716", "Former President Donald Trump claims Coca-Cola has agreed to use real cane sugar in its U.S. flagship soft drink following his suggestion, though the company has not confirmed this specific move, only expressing \"enthusiasm\" and promising details on new offerings. Such a change would align the U.S. product with formulations in other countries but could impact the nation's corn farmers who supply high-fructose corn syrup. Despite his advocacy, Trump is noted for his personal preference for Diet Coke, which uses artificial sweeteners."], ["20250716", "President Trump announced that Coca-Cola had agreed to use \"REAL cane sugar\" in its U.S. products after he spoke with the company. However, a Coca-Cola spokeswoman would not confirm Trump's claim, stating only that more details on new innovative offerings would be shared soon. The company also defended high-fructose corn syrup as \"safe\" and functionally similar to table sugar."], ["20250715", "Chile's second-biggest lithium miner, SQM, faces growing scrutiny over a new long-term partnership with state-owned copper company Codelco. The deal, intended to boost Chile's lithium production and state revenue, is criticized for lacking transparency and potentially foregoing significant income. Despite SQM's controversial past and current market challenges due to plummeting lithium prices, the company is expanding production while navigating political opposition and environmental concerns over its water-intensive mining practices."], ["20250715", "Major U.S. banks like JPMorgan Chase reported strong quarterly earnings, defying expectations of decline amid trade uncertainties in the second Trump era. Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan CEO, expressed increased optimism about the \"resilient\" U.S. economy, crediting delayed tariffs and extended corporate tax breaks. The reports indicate that Wall Street is thriving despite broader economic shifts, finding profitability in uncertainty."], ["20250712", "JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon has warned that Europe is falling behind the U.S. and China in global economic competitiveness. He cited fragmented capital markets, over-regulation, energy insecurity, and lagging tech leadership as key factors. Dimon's concerns suggest that investment may shift away from Europe, impacting its relevance in fintech and crypto."], ["20250711", "Former President Trump's proposed 50% tariff on imported copper cathode, set to begin August 1, 2025, is causing anxiety in the global supply chain. This move could significantly increase costs for US metal buyers and manufacturers, with countries like Chile and Canada seeking exemptions and condemning the tariffs as illegal. Analysts warn that while these tariffs might boost domestic smelting, they are unlikely to spur large-scale mining investments in the US, and may lead to market flooding if semi-finished products are excluded."], ["20250710", "Former President Trump's past trade and deregulatory policies are anticipated to bring increased attention to defense and cryptocurrency exchange-traded funds (ETFs). This article suggests that these policy orientations could influence the investment landscape for such funds. It also touches on university endowments holding volatile crypto ETFs and pension funds testing new SEC guidance."], ["20250709", "The Trump administration is implementing a \"National Farm Security Action Plan\" to ban new Chinese ownership of U.S. farmland and agricultural businesses, considering foreign-owned farms and agricultural entities a national security threat. The plan involves executive actions, tightening agricultural research, canceling agreements with foreign entities, and potentially clawing back properties like Smithfield Foods and Syngenta. Despite concerns from companies like Smithfield and Syngenta regarding their U.S. operations and approvals by CFIUS, several state governors are already taking steps to ban foreign land sales and have shown support for these measures."], ["20250703", "Renewable natural gas (RNG) is gaining significant traction in longhaul trucking, evidenced by growing vehicle consumption and production capacity. The introduction of Cummins' X15N engine, adopted by major manufacturers like Daimler Truck North America, is a key driver, as it offers performance comparable to diesel engines. With supportive tax credits and increasing infrastructure, RNG is positioned as a viable and cleaner alternative to diesel."], ["20250701", "Entergy Texas has filed an application with the Public Utility Commission of Texas for Phase I of its Texas Future Ready Resiliency Plan, aiming to bolster the power grid against extreme weather and improve service reliability. This multiyear proposal includes six key measures like hardening feeder lines, rebuilding transmission, and targeted vegetation management, with a total investment of $335 million. The company plans to seek federal and non-ERCOT grants to help finance these projects and minimize customer bill impacts."], ["20250801", "The FDIC has proposed significant adjustments to Part 363 of its regulations, which govern audit and reporting requirements for insured depository institutions. This proposal aims to raise asset-based thresholds for audits and internal controls, intending to reduce the regulatory burden on community banks. The increased thresholds, which will also be indexed to inflation, are expected to provide relief to hundreds of banks, particularly smaller institutions facing challenges with audit committee composition."], ["20250801", "President Trump's new tariff rates on dozens of trading partners, set to go into effect on August 7, are causing significant concern and complexity for the trucking and logistics industries. Companies like C.H. Robinson and Uber Freight are working with clients to navigate these changes, which include a baseline 10% tariff and other specific levies. The industry anticipates increased costs for U.S. consumers, potential shifts in sourcing strategies, and impacts on freight volumes and fleet maintenance due to rising prices of imported parts and materials."], ["20250801", "Indian company Syngene International has purchased and plans to reopen the former Emergent BioSolutions plant in Baltimore, aiming to restart production lines by the end of the year. This move aligns with former President Trump's push for more domestic drug manufacturing, though Syngene's decision predates his current political office. The plant will produce advanced life-saving therapies and cures, creating jobs and serving as a resource for local biotech startups, despite economists' skepticism about other manufacturers following suit due to tariff uncertainties."], ["20250801", "Regulatory cases involving HB 6 are determining how much FirstEnergy\u2019s Ohio utilities should pay for alleged violations, with opponents seeking over half a billion dollars while the utilities argue for a much smaller amount. These cases delve into corporate separation laws, the use of customer funds, and the impact of the HB 6 corruption scandal on ratepayers. The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio (PUCO) is examining evidence amid criticism for its piecemeal approach to the scandal."], ["20250731", "Embraer successfully lobbied the Trump administration to exclude its aircraft from steeper 50% tariffs on Brazilian goods, instead facing a manageable 10% duty. The planemaker emphasized its U.S. employment, reliance of U.S. regional airlines on its E175 jet, and significant U.S. component purchases. This decision, influenced by U.S. airlines and government officials, caused Embraer's shares to surge."], ["20250731", "Hormel Foods is facing a class-action lawsuit from its Austin employees and UFCW Local 663, who allege the company violated Minnesota's earned sick and safe time (ESST) law. The lawsuit claims Hormel failed to provide ESST benefits from January 2024 to March 2025 and denied employees the right to carry over accrued, unused benefits. This is reportedly the first lawsuit of its kind challenging violations of the state's ESST law."], ["20250731", "A new federal bill, the \u201cAMERICA DRIVES\u201d act, aims to establish a national regulatory framework for autonomous trucking in the U.S. Introduced by Representative Vince Fong, the bill seeks to permit Level 4 or Level 5 autonomous trucks to operate on interstates without human drivers, addressing a driver shortage and fostering innovation. However, the legislation faces pushback from organizations concerned about safety and the need for thorough testing and transparency."], ["20250731", "A Russian subsidiary of EuroChem lost its legal battle to compel European banks, SocGen and ING, to pay out \u20ac212 million ($242 million) worth of bonds. A court ruled that the payments are blocked due to the Swiss agricultural chemicals company being owned by a sanctioned oligarch."], ["20250731", "Howland Township Administrator James Pantalone explained why townships, normally barred from collecting income tax under Ohio law, can do so through a Joint Economic Development District (JEDD). A JEDD allows townships to partner with cities to collect and redistribute income tax revenue, fostering economic growth and enabling communities to pursue larger grants. The board of directors overseeing the JEDD operates under open-meeting and public records laws."], ["20250731", "Northern Trust has been awarded a contract by the National Treasury Management Agency (NTMA) of Ireland to provide custodian and related services. This includes acting as the outsourced asset servicing partner for the new Future Ireland Fund and the Infrastructure, Climate and Nature Fund, offering solutions such as custody, securities lending, and currency management. The appointment highlights Northern Trust's expertise in supporting large, complex asset owners with tailored solutions."], ["20250731", "Motorola Solutions announced that the Ministry of the Interior in Bulgaria has selected it to deploy 13,400 body cameras to the country's National Police Service. This nationwide rollout aims to enhance transparency, provide real-time field intelligence, and improve the safety of both the public and officers. The V500 body cameras will integrate with VideoManager software and MXP600 TETRA radios for efficient evidence management and increased situational awareness."], ["20250730", "Oncor, Texas's largest transmission and distribution utility, is seeking an interim rate increase before its full rate case, citing a failed legislative bill (HB 3157) as a framework for its calculations. This move is opposed by intervenors who argue that using a rejected bill undermines the legislative process and could set a dangerous precedent. Oncor claims existing capital trackers are insufficient to restore its credit ratings and invest in grid infrastructure, proposing an $834 million revenue increase and a higher return on equity to support its parent company Sempra's capital plan."], ["20250730", "California Governor Gavin Newsom is proposing to add an additional $18 billion to the state's wildfire fund, which is at risk of depletion after recent deadly fires. The plan would leverage contributions from electricity ratepayers through a monthly fee and from the three major utility companies: Edison International, PG&E Corp., and Sempra. This initiative aims to prepare for future blazes and ensure utilities have adequate financial backing."], ["20250730", "PG&E has awarded $400,000 in Resilience Hubs Grants to seven community organizations in Northern and Central California to build climate resilience. This brings the total awarded through the program over five years to $2 million, supporting initiatives that provide physical spaces and resources for residents facing extreme weather and climate-driven disruptions. The grants allowed organizations to develop or enhance resilience hubs, with a focus on serving disadvantaged and vulnerable communities."], ["20250730", "Flex, a major Austin employer, is seeking foreign trade zone designation for its Round Rock operations. This move comes amid rising tariffs and would allow the company to avoid duties and excise taxes on merchandise, exempting goods from some taxes or tariffs. Other companies are expected to pursue similar designations."], ["20250729", "OG&E is donating $130,000 to five nonprofits across Oklahoma and western Arkansas to help customers with utility bills during Home Energy Aid Month. These funds, provided by the OGE Energy Corp. Foundation, aim to assist vulnerable neighbors during hot summer months. Additionally, OG&E highlights several customer aid programs like Silver Energy, Low-Income Assistance Program, and Lend-a-Hand, alongside other grants awarded to various community-based nonprofits for different projects."], ["20250729", "Procter & Gamble (P&G) announced it would raise prices on some U.S. products to offset an estimated $1 billion impact from tariffs, forecasting annual results largely below analyst estimates. The move comes as the company navigates economic volatility and a CEO transition, with Shailesh Jejurikar named as the new CEO. Despite a challenging economic environment, P&G beat fourth-quarter sales and profit estimates due to strong demand for its pantry staples."], ["20250728", "The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals has ruled that a California law requiring background checks for ammunition purchases violates the Second Amendment. The 2-1 decision, led by Judge Sandra S. Ikuta, affirmed a permanent injunction against the law, stating it is inconsistent with the nation's historical tradition of firearm regulation as per the 2022 Supreme Court decision in New York State Rifle & Pistol Association Inc. v. Bruen. The case was brought by Olympic medalist Kim Rhode and the California Rifle & Pistol Association."], ["20250728", "Shares of Cheniere Energy (LNG) rose over 4% in premarket trading after a trade deal between the US and the EU was announced. The agreement stipulates that the EU will purchase $750 billion worth of LNG and other energy sources from the US over three years. This move aims to help Europe reduce its reliance on Russian energy following the invasion of Ukraine."], ["20250727", "In Boca Raton, approximately 100 anti-Trump activists, led by Indivisible Boca Raton, protested near the GEO Group headquarters, advocating for an end to ICE contracts with private prison companies. They argue that profiting from immigrant detention is \"morally indefensible\" and called for the Trump administration to terminate these contracts and release detained immigrants. The protest highlighted a recent report showing significant contributions from private immigration detention companies to Trump's 2024 election efforts, alongside the federal government's $45 billion allocation to ICE for mass immigrant detention, largely benefiting these private contractors."], ["20250727", "President Donald Trump has granted Eastman Chemical Co. a two-year exemption from the HON Rule, an environmental regulation aimed at reducing carcinogenic emissions. This decision, affecting Eastman's Longview facility and 48 other plants, pushes back compliance until 2028. Activists express concern for public health, especially given pending lawsuits against Eastman for alleged cancer-causing emissions, while chemical manufacturers argue the original compliance timeline was unworkable and technology is not readily available."], ["20250725", "The US has imposed a 93.5% anti-dumping duty on active anode material (processed graphite) from China, bringing the total tariff to 160% when combined with existing duties. This move is expected to give US-made active anode material a significant cost advantage (over 40% cheaper) compared to Chinese imports, likely spurring investment in domestic production. The article highlights several ASX-listed companies with US-based or Australian graphite projects that stand to benefit from this shift, including Syrah Resources, Novonix, Renascor Resources, and Kingsland Minerals, among others."], ["20250725", "The US government has generated $58 million in its first lease sale since the passage of a \"big beautiful\" bill, with Devon Energy among the participants in the New Mexico-based auction. The article, published on July 25, 2025, highlights a significant event in the North American energy sector."], ["20250725", "The AGCO Agriculture Foundation has partnered with Cultivating New Frontiers in Agriculture (CNFA) to launch the Youth AgriChampion Program, investing $450,000 over three years. This initiative will train and fund 30 young agricultural innovators aged 18-40 in the United States, providing them with mentorship, seed grants, and leadership development. The program aims to strengthen U.S. food security and economic growth by supporting solutions in digital farming, climate resilience, and local food systems."], ["20250724", "U.S. tariffs on imported steel and aluminum are currently at 50 percent, causing increased costs for the auto industry. Imported copper is also expected to face a similar 50 percent tax starting August 1st. This situation is leading to higher prices for steel, aluminum, and copper, impacting automakers significantly."], ["20250723", "The state of Nuevo Le\u00f3n, in collaboration with Ternium Propymes, has graduated 229 small and medium-sized enterprise leaders from training programs aimed at strengthening industrial leadership and human resource management. This initiative, supported by the government, universities, and businesses, emphasizes professional development as a strategic pillar for economic growth and competitiveness in global industrial sectors. Since 2006, Ternium ProPymes has benefited over 2,700 leaders from more than 900 companies across 20 states in Mexico, enhancing their capabilities and productivity."], ["20250723", "Silicon Labs is a key player in India's IoT sector, focusing on secure wireless technology for smart applications. The company addresses global chip tensions and supply chain vulnerabilities by supporting domestic manufacturing, fostering local talent, and strengthening partnerships. Silicon Labs aligns with India's \"Make in India\" and \"Digital India\" initiatives to build a resilient and self-reliant IoT ecosystem, contributing to the nation's economic and security goals."], ["20250723", "A study published in Kidney Medicine found that dialysis facilities with a higher percentage of commercially insured patients had a significantly lower standardized mortality ratio. While other quality metrics like hospitalization rates and fistula rates also showed associations, they were not statistically significant. The authors suggest that changes in insurance policies allowing commercial insurers to classify dialysis facilities as out-of-network could negatively impact care quality and outcomes for dialysis patients, although they caution that the association is not necessarily causal."], ["20250723", "Zoe Richardson of Rockland, a graduate of Oceanside High School and Mid-Coast School of Technology, is one of 14 high school graduates awarded a $1,000 Career & Technical Education Scholarship in 2025 by Bar Harbor Bank & Trust. These scholarships support students pursuing higher education in college or technical school after completing a technical career program in high school. Recipients are eligible for an additional $1,000 in 2026."], ["20250723", "NextEra Energy is facing scrutiny over its transparency, legal cases, and alleged media manipulation, particularly concerning its proposed Chugwater wind, solar, and BESS project in Wyoming. The company's development team addressed some questions from Platte County residents but refused to elaborate on serious allegations including election interference, surveillance of journalists, and numerous lawsuits alleging anti-competitive practices and securities fraud. Regulatory appointments and investor accountability remain key concerns as a securities class-action lawsuit against NextEra is currently on appeal."], ["20250722", "A new analysis by CREW reveals that seventeen White House staffers hold between $820,036 and $2,250,000 in stocks of major oil companies such as Chevron and ExxonMobil. Alina Bulazel, Director of the Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff, holds the largest amount in Chevron, though she is taking steps to divest. This report highlights potential conflicts of interest given the oil and gas industry's significant financial support for President Trump and the Republican National Committee."], ["20250722", "Humana announced a plan to significantly reduce prior authorization requirements and expedite the approval process by January 2026. The insurer aims to eliminate approximately one-third of prior authorizations for outpatient services, implement a national gold card program for high-performing physicians, and commit to a one-business-day turnaround for 95% of requests. This initiative builds on industry efforts to streamline prior authorizations and seeks to improve the healthcare experience for patients, providers, and caregivers."], ["20250722", "A recent lobbying disclosure reveals PFIZER INC. spent $3,490,000 in Q2 2025, addressing issues such as vaccine policy, drug pricing, and PBM reform. The article also details recent congressional and insider trading activity in PFE stock, as well as significant hedge fund movements and analyst ratings, with a median price target of $26.5."], ["20250721", "The newly signed One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) of 2025 introduces sweeping federal tax changes, making permanent some 2017 tax cuts and adding new provisions impacting individuals, families, and businesses. Tax professionals need to understand key changes like modified SALT deductions, senior bonuses, increased estate and gift tax exemptions, renewed bonus depreciation, and sunsetting energy credits. The article emphasizes proactive client communication, scenario planning, advisory services, and leveraging technology to navigate these legislative shifts and maintain a strategic advisory role."], ["20250719", "L3HARRIS TECHNOLOGIES INC disclosed $440,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, covering various appropriations and acts related to defense, space, and transportation. The article also details recent congressional and insider trading activity in LHX stock, as well as hedge fund movements and positive analyst ratings with a median price target of $255.0."], ["20250718", "Uzbekistan plans to sell its mobile operator Mobiuz for $300 million as part of a larger privatization effort aimed at reducing state ownership and attracting foreign investment. The sale, financially advised by Rothschild & Co., seeks to bring modern expertise and capital into the rapidly growing telecom sector, with interest already expressed by investors from various regions. This move is part of President Shavkat Mirziyoyev's strategy to divest stakes in 29 major companies and generate significant revenue by the end of 2026."], ["20250718", "The Santiago Court of Appeals has overturned a resolution by the Superintendence of Electricity and Fuels (SEC) that had rejected a user's complaint against Enel for improper billing. The court found the SEC's decision arbitrary, noting that the SEC itself recognized irregularities in Enel's billing practices, including lack of accreditation and untimely invoicing. The court ordered the SEC to issue a new ruling, taking into account all relevant background information."], ["20250717", "The passage of \"One Big Beautiful Bill\" is expected to maintain investor interest in semiconductor companies, particularly those benefiting from the AI boom. The bill includes significant investment tax credits for semiconductor manufacturers in the U.S., building on previous governmental support. Traders are advised to consider leveraged ETFs for companies like Nvidia, AMD, and TSMC, or sector-wide ETFs like SOXL, to capitalize on this continued growth."], ["20250717", "The US Commerce Department plans to impose preliminary anti-dumping duties of 93.5% on graphite imported from China, a critical component in batteries. This decision follows an investigation into unfair subsidies for Chinese graphite producers. According to the American Active Anode Material Producers, the new duties will raise the effective tariff on Chinese graphite to 160%."], ["20250717", "The City of Milwaukee has given initial approval for a $14.4 million subsidy to convert the 100 East office tower into 373 apartments, making it the first deal under the city's new TIF guidelines. This redevelopment aims to transform the foreclosed building, which was 50% occupied, into a valuable property that includes 75 affordable units and incorporates local workforce and business participation requirements. The project also entails annual payments to local business improvement districts and leverages historic preservation tax credits."], ["20250717", "President Trump announced that Coca-Cola has agreed to use real cane sugar in its U.S. beverages, aiming to replace high-fructose corn syrup. This move aligns with the \"Make America Healthy Again\" initiative, although corn producers argue it would negatively impact jobs and imports without nutritional benefit. The decision highlights ongoing debates around dietary guidelines and ingredient choices in U.S. food production."], ["20250716", "Stablecoins, with a market exceeding $250 billion, are gaining traction as a less volatile cryptocurrency pegged to assets like the U.S. dollar, streamlining transactions regardless of location. Regulators, including the U.S. Senate with the GENIUS Act, are actively developing legislation to govern their issuance, use, and reporting, aiming to reduce ambiguity in this evolving asset class. While stablecoins present new opportunities for payment networks and could support demand for short-term U.S. Treasuries, their current impact on the vast global currency market remains limited."], ["20250716", "A recent disclosure revealed that VALERO ENERGY CORPORATION spent $430,000 on lobbying in Q2 2025, addressing issues like renewable fuel standards and sustainable aviation fuel. The article also provides details on VLO's Congressional stock trading, hedge fund activity, analyst ratings, and price targets."], ["20250715", "Medicare has proposed a significant change to skin substitute reimbursement, moving from an Average Sales Price (ASP) methodology to a fixed price of $125.38 per square centimeter for all skin substitutes, regardless of product type. This comes amid concerns over rapidly increasing Medicare expenditures, which grew from $1.5 billion in 2022 to nearly $10 billion in 2024. MiMedx Group (NASDAQ:MDXG) stands to be affected by this change, though InvestingPro analysis indicates the company possesses strong financial health and appears undervalued."], ["20250715", "Luzerne County Council's infrastructure committee has voted 3-0 to oppose a PPL transmission line proposed for the Sugarloaf Valley, citing concerns over impacts on residential areas, farmland, and the environment. The committee also postponed a vote on a plastics pyrolysis plant in Sugarloaf Twp. from Alterra Energy LLC, requesting more documents. PPL's proposed 12-mile, high-voltage line is part of a larger investment to expand grid capacity to support data centers and AI."], ["20250714", "Several red states, including Louisiana, Ohio, Tennessee, and Indiana, are reclassifying natural gas as a \"green energy\" source, allowing it to compete for clean energy funding. This move, heavily influenced by the conservative think tank ALEC and supported by fossil fuel interests, is criticized as \"greenwashing\" given methane's potent planet-warming effects and the unreliability of gas infrastructure during extreme weather. Critics argue that these laws aim to perpetuate fossil fuel infrastructure while undermining genuine renewable energy efforts and grid reliability."], ["20250714", "FOX Corporation and its viewers have successfully raised $7 million to support communities in Texas affected by devastating floods, which caused 129 deaths and left 170 people unaccounted for. The funds, distributed by the Community Foundation of the Texas Hill Country's Kerr County Flood Relief Fund, are currently directed towards relief and recovery efforts. President Donald Trump and Governor Greg Abbott have visited the area to assess the damage and ongoing recovery work."], ["20250714", "A proposed bill by President Trump, dubbed the \"One Big Beautiful Bill,\" aims to significantly boost the oil and gas industry by opening up federal lands and waters for drilling, mandating numerous lease sales in the Gulf of America. This legislative push could provide a substantial tailwind for leveraged ETFs focused on the energy sector. Direxion's GUSH, ERX, and XOMX ETFs are highlighted as potential beneficiaries, offering leveraged exposure to oil and gas exploration, broader energy companies, and single-stock Exxon Mobil, respectively."], ["20250714", "Despite government policies, many corporations are continuing to push for renewable energy adoption due to factors like cost-effectiveness, AI needs, and reshoring. This article highlights five undervalued companies\u2014Rogers Communications, Alphabet, General Motors, HP, and Salesforce\u2014that are making significant investments in renewable energy and are highly rated by Morningstar analysts. These companies are committed to increasing their use of clean energy through various strategies, including PPAs and onsite generation, to meet sustainability goals and power their growing operations, especially in technology-intensive sectors."], ["20250713", "The New York City Council is expected to pass new legislation extending minimum pay and improved working conditions to nearly 20,000 grocery delivery workers. This package of bills will require third-party app companies like Instacart and Shipt to pay grocery delivery workers $21.44 an hour, matching the rate for food delivery workers, and will also mandate in-app tipping options and weekly payments. This expands upon a 2021 law that initially covered only restaurant food delivery workers."], ["20250711", "The historic Howard Miller Company, which also owns Hekman Furniture, is set to close due to a slowdown in the housing market and increased tariffs imposed by former U.S. President Donald Trump. This closure affects 195 workers across four manufacturing facilities and highlights the economic impact of trade policies on long-standing American industries, particularly in Michigan's furniture-making heartland. Other companies in the region, like MillerKnoll, are also addressing tariff concerns through price increases and efficiency improvements."], ["20250711", "Private jet operator Flexjet has indicated it will stand by its record deal with Brazilian planemaker Embraer, despite fresh trade tensions stemming from a proposed 50% tariff on imports from Brazil by U.S. President Donald Trump. Embraer is evaluating the potential impacts, with analysts estimating a significant financial hit, while Flexjet believes its clients will proceed with purchases given their priorities. The tariffs could particularly affect Embraer's lower-end business jets and aircraft assembled outside the U.S."], ["20250711", "Congress is considering repealing the tax-exempt status of municipal bonds, which could significantly impact the revenue generation for states and cities and potentially lead to a muni selloff. Despite this debate, investors can still benefit from tax-free munis through ETFs. Vanguard offers eight specific municipal bond ETFs, including broad exposure options, state-specific funds for California and New York, and actively managed short and core bond funds, to provide tax-exempt income and cater to various risk appetites."], ["20250710", "The UK government has confirmed it will not implement a zonal pricing strategy for electricity but will instead focus on upgrading the national grid to improve power flow from remote wind farms to urban areas. This decision aims to avoid grid constraint payments, which cost up to \u00a34 billion annually, by accelerating network upgrades. Projects like the Norwich to Tilbury transmission line and the Sea Link offshore cable are already underway, with further consultations planned for additional grid constraint solutions such as battery storage."], ["20250709", "The recently signed One Big Beautiful Bill (OBBB) Act introduces new challenges for the U.S. solar industry by rolling back previous tax credits, particularly for residential solar. Despite these headwinds, the Senate's revisions made the bill less severe than initially feared. Three companies\u2014NextEra Energy, First Solar, and Nextracker\u2014are identified as well-positioned to navigate this altered regulatory landscape due to their diversified portfolios, domestic manufacturing focus, and concentration on utility-scale projects."], ["20250709", "Kazakhstan has become a global leader in online government services, ranking among the top 10 worldwide and 24th in the UN E-Government Development Index by 2025. The nation has rapidly digitized its public services, with over 92% available online and a significant increase in eGov.kz and eGov Mobile app users, reflecting a successful mobile-first strategy. This digital transformation is supported by a comprehensive National AI Development Concept, the launch of Central Asia's most powerful supercomputer, and a thriving startup ecosystem that attracted over $250 million in venture capital in 2024."], ["20250709", "A new study by Morningstar reveals a reversal in the trend of global interconnectedness, with 31 out of 48 countries sourcing more revenues domestically than internationally. This shift, which could have implications for investor portfolios, occurred despite the increasing share of technology in global equity markets. The change is attributed to a combination of factors including company-specific performance, a possible impact from previous protectionist policies, and challenges to global supply chains."], ["20250708", "Former U.S. President Donald Trump plans to impose a 50-per-cent tariff on copper imports, which would significantly impact Canadian exporters, as the U.S. is their largest market. This move is justified on national security grounds to boost domestic production, but Canadian industry representatives argue it will hurt U.S. manufacturers and consumers. While Western Canadian copper operations may be less affected due to their primary focus on Asian and European markets, Eastern Canadian companies like Glencore PLC, operating Canada's only copper smelter, face considerable challenges."], ["20250708", "The PG&E Corporation Foundation has awarded $5,000 resilience grants to 188 restaurants and commercial caterers across 29 counties in Northern and Central California. This $1.1 million contribution is part of a larger $4.3 million commitment since 2021 to the California Restaurant Foundation's Restaurants Care Resilience Fund, which aims to strengthen local businesses. The grants help restaurants invest in equipment upgrades, workforce training, and business resilience, contributing to local economies and community growth."], ["20250708", "The Cheesecake Factory is denying allegations in a lawsuit filed by five workers who claim the company knowingly hired undocumented employees at its Willow Grove, Pa., location and subjected them to abusive conditions. The company stated that the allegations are \"entirely false and without merit\" and that it adheres to federal employment verification laws. The lawsuit alleges that workers were provided false documents, forced to work unpaid hours and under unsafe conditions, denied breaks, and threatened with deportation."], ["20250708", "Bryan Ganz, CEO of Byrna Technologies Inc., expressed satisfaction with the Trump administration's tariffs on Chinese imports, particularly because they make it harder for Chinese competitors to sell \"inferior knockoffs\" at low prices. The company, which produces non-lethal firearms, has significantly reshored its manufacturing to the U.S., with 92% of its supply chain now domestic. Ganz views Trump's \"sensible, reasonable tariff structures\" as a \"win-win situation\" that levels the playing field for American manufacturers."], ["20250707", "Newly released court documents reveal that DTE Energy knowingly contributed $100,000 to a dark money non-profit that helped sabotage Michigan governor Gretchen Whitmer\u2019s Covid lockdown policies. This contradicts previous statements from DTE Energy, which had denied involvement. The emails are part of a criminal case regarding alleged Unlock Michigan campaign finance violations, shedding light on DTE's use of dark money in Michigan politics."], ["20250707", "The Republican Party of Kentucky (RPK) Building Fund has raised over $4 million, primarily from corporate donations, to expand its Frankfort headquarters. Notably, a 2017 Kentucky law allowed political parties to establish building funds accepting unlimited corporate contributions, a change that the Democratic Party has not utilized on a large scale. This expansion, called the Mitch McConnell Building, is nearing completion and has seen significant contributions from major corporations like Pfizer, Sazerac Inc., and others."], ["20250705", "The Maui County Council will consider accepting a donation of two parcels of land in L\u0101na\u02bbi City from First Hawaiian Bank, which were previously the site of its L\u0101na\u02bbi branch. The donated properties could be used for county office space, short-term lodging, a commercial kitchen, or other community support functions, with public outreach planned to determine specific uses. The July 8 agenda also includes resolutions on electric vehicle parking, workforce housing for healthcare and education workers, land conveyance for Hale Makua Health Services and Alaka\u02bbi Development, and various other bills for agricultural tourism, creative economy collaboration, and residential zoning amendments."], ["20250704", "Lithium producers in Arkansas' Smackover Formation are advancing direct lithium extraction (DLE) projects despite current market challenges. Recent regulatory approvals, including 2.5% royalty rates for Saltwerx (ExxonMobil) and the Standard Lithium-Equinor joint venture, are paving the way for further engineering studies, financing, and production targets. The companies maintain a strong long-term outlook for lithium demand, leveraging oil and gas expertise to accelerate innovation and optimize extraction processes, with support from the Arkansas government through incentives and workforce development."], ["20250703", "British lawmakers have officially proscribed the pro-Palestinian campaign group Palestine Action as a terrorist organization, following incidents where activists damaged military bases and planes. This ban places Palestine Action on par with groups like Islamic State under British law, making support for it a crime. The group, which describes itself as a direct action movement primarily targeting companies with links to Israel, has challenged the decision in court as an \"abuse of power.\""], ["20250702", "The U.S. Senate has passed a tax bill, the \"One Big Beautiful Bill Act,\" which includes provisions to eliminate taxes on tips and overtime, a move supported by the National Restaurant Association. This article also covers McDonald's limited-time introduction of a Blueberry & Cr\u00e8me Pie to drive traffic, and a new Popmenu report indicating that 67% of Americans are reducing overall spending, primarily impacting dining out."], ["20250702", "Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) plans to increase its use of for-profit jails for detaining immigrants, despite a history of problems documented in these facilities. CoreCivic, a major private jail operator, is attempting to reactivate a detention center in Leavenworth, Kansas, a move that the city is fighting through a lawsuit. Former corrections officers and detainees describe deplorable conditions, overcrowding, and understaffing at such facilities, raising significant concerns about safety and human rights."], ["20250702", "International stocks, particularly emerging market equities, are experiencing a resurgence, with India's economic strength making a compelling case for ETFs like the WisdomTree India Earnings Fund (EPI) and the WisdomTree India Hedged Equity Fund (INDH). Despite concerns about prior earnings growth, demographic shifts, government spending on infrastructure, and efforts to own entire value chains are contributing to a positive outlook. Morgan Stanley forecasts India to be the fastest-growing economy in the near future, with robust GDP expansion."], ["20250702", "A California Democratic Assemblymember, Alex Lee, is proposing legislation to cap the number of single-family homes corporations can buy in California. This initiative is a response to the growing concern that investment companies, like Invitation Homes which owns 11,000 homes in California (nearly 2,000 in Sacramento), are exacerbating the housing crisis by preventing local families from homeownership. The proposed law has passed through the Assembly and is now heading to the Senate judiciary committee."], ["20250702", "A basic framework for a US-Vietnam trade deal has led to mixed reactions among shoe stocks. While some companies saw gains following the news, others experienced declines, as Wall Street continues to assess the tariff implications for the footwear industry. The deal, as outlined by President Trump, includes tariffs on Vietnamese goods entering the US and greater market access for American products in Vietnam."], ["20250701", "President Donald Trump has nominated four individuals to the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) board after dismissing three of Joe Biden's previously appointed members. The TVA, the largest public utility in the U.S., has been operating without a quorum, limiting its ability to undertake new initiatives. Trump's nominations aim to re-establish a functional board, particularly to advance his agenda of boosting nuclear power and re-evaluating the retirement of coal plants."], ["20250701", "The Schreiber family, prominent British property tycoons, are accused of avoiding millions in local business taxes through religious exemptions by declaring vacant properties as places of worship. Their Discovery Park property, which houses Elbit Systems\u2019 subsidiary Instro Precision Ltd., has been repeatedly targeted by activist groups like Palestine Action due to alleged links between the family's holdings and the defense company. The family's network of over 300 companies operates largely from a modest address in North London."], ["20250701", "Michigan activist groups have launched a ballot initiative to ban political contributions from DTE Energy, Consumers Energy, and other companies doing business with the state. This move follows years of poor reliability from utilities and high electricity prices for Michigan customers, aiming to curb corporate influence in politics and improve accountability. The proposed measure would ban contributions from regulated monopolies and companies with over $250,000 in government contracts, requiring 357,000 signatures to get on the 2026 ballot."], ["20250730", "President Donald Trump has warned India of potential 20% to 25% tariffs on its exports to the U.S. as trade negotiations approach the August 1 deadline without a final agreement. India is reportedly preparing to accept higher tariffs as bilateral trade reached $129 billion in 2024 with a $46 billion surplus for India. These tariff threats extend to BRICS nations, including India, concerning Russian oil purchases and de-dollarization efforts."], ["20250728", "USPTO Acting Director Coke Morgan Stewart denied institution for two inter partes review (IPR) petitions filed by Amgen against Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMS), citing the patents' \"settled expectations\" due to their age. However, Stewart allowed a third IPR involving a newer patent. Amgen argued that denying these IPRs contradicts the economic interest in lowering drug prices, highlighting the role of biosimilars in reducing costs and the potential impact on drugs like Opdivo under new drug price negotiation policies."], ["20250725", "A Conservative peer, Ian Duncan, has apologized for breaching House of Lords rules by facilitating a meeting between a Canadian company he advises and an energy minister. The standards commissioner found that Duncan's actions, which included forwarding a letter from Terrestrial Energy's CEO to the minister, constituted providing a parliamentary service for an incentive, even though he claimed strong personal ties were the motivator. This incident emerged from a wider Guardian investigation into peers' commercial interests, leading to further inquiries into other Lords members."], ["20250721", "A new report by cleantech accelerator Foresight Canada identifies British Columbia's Lower Mainland and Southern Interior as the most promising regions for hydrogen industry expansion. The report, commissioned by the provincial government, details the strengths and weaknesses of four regional hydrogen hubs, offering strategies for growth and decarbonization. It acknowledges existing challenges like infrastructure and regulatory alignment but emphasizes hydrogen's potential to help B.C. achieve its net-zero goals."], ["20250721", "Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum stated her government has not received formal notification from the U.S. regarding potential sanctions on Mexico's airline sector and sees no justification for such measures. This comes after the U.S. Department of Transportation announced it might take action in response to Mexico's decision to cut flight slots and relocate cargo operations, affecting U.S. airlines and possibly impacting the Delta Air Lines-Aeromexico joint venture. An industry analyst suggested the U.S. stance aims to gain leverage ahead of the USMCA trade agreement review."], ["20250721", "Crypto-linked companies experienced a surge in stock prices following President Trump's signing of the GENIUS Act, which introduces stablecoin regulation in the U.S. This legislation, supported by both political parties, aims to legitimize the crypto industry. The bill's ban on yields for regulated stablecoins is pushing investors towards Ethereum, contributing to its price increase and significant gains for firms holding the cryptocurrency."], ["20250717", "The passage of the \"One Big Beautiful Bill\" is expected to further boost the semiconductor industry, encouraging continued investor interest in chip-related companies. This legislation provides significant tax credits for domestic semiconductor manufacturing, building on previous government support. Investors and traders are eyeing leveraged ETF products for companies like Nvidia, AMD, and TSMC, as well as broader semiconductor sector ETFs, to capitalize on this momentum driven by AI and increased domestic production incentives."], ["20250715", "iHeartMedia has launched its \"Thank a Teacher\" campaign in partnership with DonorsChoose, a nonprofit dedicated to supporting U.S. public school educators. The campaign encourages the public to nominate deserving teachers, with select nominees being featured on iHeartRadio and five teachers receiving $5,000 DonorsChoose gift cards for classroom supplies. iHeartMedia will also donate $500,000 in public service announcements to raise awareness and support for DonorsChoose's mission."], ["20250715", "Telehealth companies are celebrating an unexpected victory under a new tax law. This new legislation is providing favorable conditions for telehealth services, enabling the industry to thrive. The article highlights this quiet triumph, indicating a positive shift in policy for virtual healthcare providers."], ["20250711", "The California Air Resources Board (CARB) has issued compliance guidance for Senate Bills 253 and 261, California's climate disclosure laws, outlining how companies can report and when initial submissions are due. CARB is currently in an informal information-gathering phase and aims to finalize regulations by year-end. The agency also specified that a public docket for SB 261 reports will open on December 1st for companies to submit their climate-related financial risk reports by January 1, 2026."], ["20250709", "The Wells Fargo Foundation is donating $1 million for flood relief and longer-term recovery efforts in Texas following tragic flooding. This funding will support various organizations including the Community Foundation of the Texas Hill Country, Texas Search and Rescue, Austin Disaster Relief Network, and LiftFund, with a portion specifically aiding small businesses. Wells Fargo also offers direct support to customers affected by the disaster."], ["20250704", "Brazil faces a critical storage deficit for an estimated 124 million tons of grain from its record-breaking harvest, with current warehouse capacity unable to accommodate the 336.1 million tons produced. This chronic issue, exacerbated by slower investment in storage compared to production growth, leads to grains being left exposed, price drops, and increased freight costs. Specialists warn that this lack of infrastructure could hinder Brazil's role as a global food supplier, with potential solutions including more attractive financing for on-farm silos and shared storage facilities."], ["20250701", "Two Palestine Action protesters were arrested after blocking the entrance of an Elbit Systems UK site in Bristol, a defence company the group alleges manufactures weapons for the Israeli military. This incident occurred as a draft order was presented to Parliament to reclassify Palestine Action as a proscribed organisation, which would make membership or support a criminal offense. The group is seeking a legal challenge against this proposed ban."]]}