{"topic": "economy_fiscal", "news": [["20260201", "USA Rare Earth (USAR) has secured a significant funding package including a $1.3 billion federal loan, a $277 million direct federal equity investment, and a $1.5 billion private placement, making the U.S. government a major shareholder. This financing, while supporting a domestic mine-to-magnet supply chain, introduces potential dilution of around 75% for existing shareholders due to the government equity and private placement. Investors are now focused on the company's ability to execute on project milestones and manage risks related to its pre-revenue status and lack of price supports, transforming its narrative towards national security rather than pure speculative mining."], ["20260201", "MUFG shares slipped roughly 0.8% to end Friday at $18.05 as investors brace for the bank's third-quarter results on February 4th and monitor Japan's upcoming February 8th election. The election introduces fiscal debate and currency volatility risks, particularly for the yen and government bonds, directly impacting MUFG's interest-rate sensitive business and its ADR valuation. Traders will closely watch these two fixed dates, as fiscal jitters and currency fluctuations can significantly affect the bank's profitability and market performance."], ["20260201", "Thermo Fisher Scientific stock fell for the fourth consecutive session, closing at $578.61, as investors reacted to the company's 2026 profit forecast and concerns regarding U.S. research funding constraints. The company projects adjusted EPS between $24.22 and $24.80 for 2026, with CEO Marc N. Casper noting \"customer caution\" expected to ease later in the year, and an anticipated boost from the Clario acquisition. Attention now shifts to Monday's market open, peer performance, and upcoming industry events like the SLAS 2026 conference, amid ongoing concerns about biotech funding and potential integration delays for Clario."], ["20260201", "The Stockton City Council approved a five-year, $7.8 million contract with Axon Enterprise for body-worn cameras, TASERs, and digital evidence software. While the initial years benefit from a bundled discount, later years will see increased costs, which staff plans to cover through future budget adjustments, grants, or reallocation. The council underscored the importance of transparency and accountability provided by the technology, while also addressing concerns about long-term funding."], ["20260201", "The US government has awarded $800 million to Holtec and Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) to develop small modular reactors. This funding initiative, part of the Trump administration's efforts, aims to accelerate the deployment of nuclear technology to meet growing power demands, particularly for data centers supporting AI applications. The move highlights the government's role in overcoming high development costs in the carbon-free fission power industry."], ["20260201", "Vulcan Materials (VMC) has shown steady growth despite broader market fluctuations, driven by infrastructure demand and tight aggregates supply. The stock has outperformed the market and many industrial peers over the past year, reflecting strong fundamentals in U.S. construction and public spending. Analysts are largely bullish, with price targets suggesting further appreciation as infrastructure projects continue to ramp up."], ["20260201", "Caledonia Mining Corporation Plc announced that Zimbabwe's Finance Act, 2025 has been passed, enacting the 2026 National Budget. The legislation confirms that the higher 10% gold royalty rate will only apply if the gold price exceeds US$5,000 per ounce, and other proposed tax changes have been withdrawn. This means no amendments are required for Caledonia's Bilboes Gold Project Technical Report Summary."], ["20260201", "Berkshire Hathaway's Class A and B shares outperformed the broader market on Friday, despite Wall Street slipping due to investor reactions to Trump's hawkish Fed chair nominee, Kevin Warsh, and the looming government shutdown. The article highlights how Berkshire, often seen as a proxy for corporate America, is navigating macroeconomic uncertainties, a potential government shutdown, and a leadership transition, with investors keenly watching upcoming economic data and earnings reports. The company's annual report and Buffett's shareholder letter are anticipated in late February."], ["20260201", "Innovative Industrial Properties (IIPR) is facing scrutiny as investors await Q4 earnings and potential cannabis reclassification to Schedule III. While long-term demand for cannabis-related real estate may be supported by societal acceptance and new research, IIPR's immediate challenges include declining revenue, pressured profit margins, and an unsustainably high dividend. The stock's fair value estimations vary widely among investors, highlighting divergent perspectives on its risks and rewards, particularly given its current financial performance."], ["20260201", "Netflix reported record profits of $5.3 billion in 2021 but only paid a federal corporate income tax rate of 1.1 percent, avoiding over $1 billion in taxes for the year. This continues a trend of low tax rates for the company since the 2017 tax cuts. The article highlights that provisions in the House-passed Build Back Better Act, particularly a corporate minimum tax, would significantly address such tax avoidance by large corporations."], ["20260201", "Arbor Realty Trust has clarified that all its 2025 common stock dividends will be treated as dividend income for tax purposes, with no portion categorized as excess inclusion income. This update provides clarity for investors regarding their tax liabilities, especially given the company's dividend-focused business model. The announcement aligns with Arbor's emphasis on dividend stability and transparency, helping investors differentiate dividend level discussions from tax complexity, amidst ongoing narratives about earnings pressure and balance sheet risks."], ["20260201", "The U.S. Army has awarded RTX a $1.03 billion contract modification to continue the production of the Lower Tier Air and Missile Defense Sensor (LTAMDS) through March 2030. This modification covers the second year of production, bringing the total contract value to over $1 billion, with initial funding of $254.5 million obligated. The LTAMDS radar, designed to replace the Patriot radar, provides 360-degree air and missile defense coverage and is a key part of the Army's modernization efforts, with systems already delivered for testing and serial production underway for the U.S. Army and Poland."], ["20260201", "cbdMD has partnered with The Barstool Fund, pledging up to $500,000 to support small businesses struggling due to economic shutdowns. Customers can use a promo code in February to receive a discount on topical products, which cbdMD will match with a donation to the fund. This initiative aims to help businesses cover payroll and other essential expenses."], ["20260201", "Aebi Schmidt Holding AG's president, Jacob Owen Farmer, had 2,997 shares of common stock withheld on January 30, 2026, to cover tax obligations arising from the vesting of restricted stock. The shares were valued at $14.64 each, and after this transaction, Farmer directly beneficially owns 255,218 common shares. This withholding is a routine tax-related event and not an open-market sale."], ["20260201", "Two Harbors Investment Corp. (NYSE:TWO) has announced that none of its 2025 common and preferred dividend distributions are expected to be classified as excess inclusion income, providing tax clarity for shareholders. The stock is currently trading at $11.47, approximately 6% below the analyst target and 30.7% below Simply Wall St's estimated fair value, suggesting a potential valuation gap. Investors should note that the 11.86% dividend yield is not well covered by earnings or free cash flows, posing a risk to payout durability."], ["20260201", "Tortoise Capital announced the 2025 tax characterization of distributions for Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corp. (TYG), with 7% classified as Qualified Dividend Income and 93% as Return of Capital. No ordinary dividends or long-term capital gains were reported. The company also released its 2025 annual stockholders' report, available online and upon request, highlighting its emphasis on distribution composition and balance sheet transparency following a recent merger."], ["20260201", "Urban Edge Properties has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 dividend distributions on common stock. The distributions, totaling $0.760000 per share for the year, are primarily classified as ordinary taxable income with a small portion as long-term capital gains, and no return of capital. Shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors for specific guidance."], ["20260201", "Chilean state-owned Codelco is set to acquire a 51% stake in Sociedad Qu\u00edmica y Minera de Chile (SQM), redirecting lithium profits to the state. Additionally, SQM has formed a copper exploration alliance with Ivanhoe Electric in the Atacama Desert. These developments will alter SQM's business mix and risk profile, with investors advised to monitor cash flows, governance, and capital allocation under the new arrangements."], ["20260201", "AECOM (ACM) has experienced mixed share performance recently, prompting a reevaluation of its valuation. While a widely followed narrative suggests the company is 25% undervalued with a fair value of $128.58 due to strong backlog and infrastructure spending, Simply Wall St's DCF model indicates it might be overvalued with a fair value of $84.69. This difference highlights the impact of various valuation assumptions, especially between earnings multiples and cash flow analysis."], ["20260201", "Owens Corning is set to release its quarterly financial report on February 18, 2026, with investors eager for updates on its operational performance and future outlook. Key areas of focus include the integration of the Masonite acquisition, the impact of legislative initiatives like the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act supporting its insulation business, and how raw material costs affect profitability. The report is expected to provide insights into how strategic moves and policy tailwinds are buffering against macroeconomic headwinds in the building materials sector."], ["20260201", "Shares of Indian IT services firms, including Coforge, TCS, Infosys, Persistent Systems, and Wipro, surged over 2% after Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman announced a tax holiday until 2047 for foreign companies establishing cloud data centers in India. This proposal, made during the Budget 2026 speech, aims to encourage foreign investment in India's cloud infrastructure. The article notes that this is a developing story with further updates expected."], ["20260201", "MGIC Investment (MTG) is set to report its Q4 2025 earnings on February 2, 2026, with analysts anticipating a revenue increase of 1.9% year-on-year to $307.1 million, a slowdown compared to the previous year's growth. The mortgage insurer is expected to post adjusted earnings of $0.75 per share. Despite mixed performance from peers and a generally underperforming property & casualty insurance segment, analysts have reconfirmed their estimates for MGIC Investment."], ["20260201", "This article analyzes CMS Energy's (CMS) valuation, noting its share price has been relatively stable around $71.49 with modest recent momentum. While a \"narrative fair value\" suggests the stock is 7.7% undervalued at $77.46 due to regulatory support and investment in clean energy, a discounted cash flow (DCF) model indicates it might be slightly overvalued at $67.16. The valuation depends heavily on future earnings under Michigan regulation, successful execution of capital plans, and sustained regulatory support."], ["20260201", "MGIC Investment (MTG) is scheduled to report its earnings this Monday afternoon, with analysts anticipating a 1.9% year-on-year revenue growth to $307.1 million and adjusted earnings of $0.75 per share. The company missed revenue expectations last quarter and has underperformed the property & casualty insurance segment recently, with its stock down 7.7% over the last month. Investors will be watching closely as it heads into earnings with an average analyst price target below its current share price."], ["20260201", "Boeing has secured a $2.8 billion contract to modernize South Korea's F-15K Slam Eagle fighter fleet, with work commencing at Boeing's St. Louis facilities and expected to be completed by 2037. The upgrade, funded by South Korea, will involve enhancements such as AN/APG-82(v)1 radars, AN/ALQ-250 EPAWSS electronic warfare systems, new mission computers, and redesigned cockpits, bringing the aircraft closer to the F-15EX Eagle II standard. These modernized F-15K+ aircraft will play a crucial role in South Korea's military aviation, supporting Lockheed Martin F-35A Lightning II fighters."], ["20260201", "HCA Healthcare is facing over $1 billion in profit headwinds due to expiring federal subsidies and reduced Medicaid payments. In response, the company is implementing a $400 million cost-saving program and expanding facilities to broaden community care offerings. Despite these challenges, HCA is also signaling expectations for continued earnings growth, balancing efficiency gains and capital returns with growth projects."], ["20260131", "Lennar Corp. (LEN) and Taylor Morrison Home Corp. (TMHC) are reportedly involved in a \"Trump Home\" initiative to build around a million housing units. The plan aims to facilitate homeownership by allowing monthly rent payments to count towards a down payment after three years of renting, targeting approximately $250 billion in new construction. Former President Trump has also vocalized support for housing affordability through actions on mortgage bonds and criticism of institutional home-buying."], ["20260131", "Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.'s stock dropped 2.29% to $578.61 on Friday, marking a fourth straight day of losses, after the company issued a cautious 2026 outlook. The forecast for adjusted earnings and revenue fell slightly below analyst estimates, largely due to continued pressure from U.S. academic research clients facing funding cuts. Investors are now watching a potential rebound in research spending and the impact of the proposed acquisition of Clario Holdings, Inc."], ["20260131", "AB TAX-AWARE LONG MUNICIPAL ETF (TAFL.US) is scheduled to go ex-dividend on February 2nd, 2026, with shareholders of record on that date receiving a dividend of $0.0837 per share on February 5th, 2026. The article also explains the difference between cash and stock dividends, noting their respective tax implications and effects on share value."], ["20260131", "CureVac shares have ceased trading on all stock exchanges, including Nasdaq and the Vienna Stock Exchange, following its acquisition by BioNTech. BioNTech finalized the takeover on December 18, 2025, with an 86.75% acceptance rate. The delisting process involves mergers and SEC filings to terminate public registration, making BioNTech the sole owner."], ["20260131", "Gentex's recent earnings call highlighted a delicate balance between strong operational execution and significant external challenges. The company achieved impressive revenue growth, improved gross margins due to operational efficiencies and favorable product mix, and robust cash generation, with strategic integration of the VOXX acquisition progressing well. However, it faces headwinds from steep tariff-driven declines in China, increased input costs, and a higher effective tax rate, which temper near-term earnings growth despite underlying strengths."], ["20260131", "General Dynamics (GD) has seen significant share price appreciation over the last five years, but Simply Wall St's analysis suggests it may still offer value. A Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) model indicates the stock is fairly valued, trading at a slight discount to its intrinsic value, while a Price-to-Earnings (P/E) ratio analysis suggests it is undervalued compared to industry and peer averages. The article encourages investors to use \"Narratives\" on the Simply Wall St platform to create personalized valuation models considering various future scenarios for the company."], ["20260131", "CVS Health Corporation (CVS) is identified as a top healthcare stock for 2026, despite a recent price target cut by BofA Securities due to lower-than-expected Medicare Advantage rates. Cantor Fitzgerald, however, maintains a positive outlook, citing a favorable regulatory environment and potential benefits from President Trump's proposed healthcare plan. The company also recently approved a quarterly dividend of $0.665 per share, reinforcing its integrated healthcare model."], ["20260131", "Wall Street analysts hold mixed views on Humana Inc. (HUM) ahead of its fiscal Q4 2025 earnings, with one analyst reiterating a \"Hold\" and another a \"Buy\" rating. The company's stock recently fell over 24% after the Trump administration proposed a smaller-than-expected increase in 2027 Medicare Advantage rates, bringing it close to 52-week lows. Humana is a major player in Medicare Advantage plans, which are significantly impacted by these regulatory decisions."], ["20260131", "Jim Cramer expressed skepticism about Lithium Americas Corp (NYSE: LAC), deeming it too speculative due to its focus on lithium. He advised callers to consider Albemarle (NYSE: ALB) as a safer alternative in the lithium sector. The article also suggests that certain AI stocks may offer greater upside potential with less risk than LAC."], ["20260131", "TD Cowen has downgraded Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) to Hold from Buy, citing expectations of a slower recovery with growth remaining subdued around 2% over the next two years. This cautious outlook follows a mixed second quarter for P&G, where revenue slightly missed expectations due to softer U.S. consumer spending and a government shutdown, despite exceeding profit forecasts. The firm suggests that while P&G is a strong company, AI stocks may offer greater upside potential."], ["20260131", "Whitestone REIT (NYSE: WSR) has announced the federal tax characteristics for its 2025 cash distributions, totaling $0.540000 per share. Of this amount, $0.445560 per share is classified as ordinary dividends, and $0.094440 per share as nontaxable return of capital, which includes unrecaptured Section 1250 gain. Shareholders will receive this information on Form 1099-DIV to assist with tax reporting and are advised to consult their personal tax advisors."], ["20260131", "Cameco Corporation (NYSE: CCJ) saw its share price surge by 9.68% and hit an all-time high this week, driven by a rapid increase in uranium futures prices to over $101 per pound. This rally is attributed to rising demand expectations for nuclear energy, particularly following the Trump administration's plans to boost America's nuclear capacity and reduce reliance on imported uranium. The company's stock has gained nearly 166% over the last year amid these developments."], ["20260131", "Analysts are closely watching Novartis AG (NVS) due to its strong financial performance and strategic moves to mitigate risks. Citi initiated coverage with a Buy rating and a CHF 133 price target, citing projected 5%-6% annual sales growth through 2030. The company is also positioning itself to avoid U.S. tariffs by mid-2026 through increased domestic production and an agreement with the U.S. government."], ["20260131", "Uranium Energy Corp. (UEC) saw its stock decline by 6.3% following increased attention on the company due to President Trump's new policies aimed at streamlining nuclear reactor licensing and strengthening the domestic nuclear fuel supply chain. While these policies align with UEC's U.S.-focused strategy, the immediate impact on cash flow and earnings may be limited, with the stock still influenced more by uranium prices and market sentiment. Investors are encouraged to consider the long-term potential of U.S. nuclear capacity build-out against near-term losses and funding risks."], ["20260131", "Nucor CEO Leon Topalian stated that higher steel tariffs are effectively reducing imported steel in the U.S. without harming domestic steel-consuming industries. He noted that imports dropped to about 14% of the market in November from 25% a year prior. Topalian anticipates a very strong year for Nucor in 2026, projecting a 5% increase in steel shipments."], ["20260131", "Uranium Energy Corp. (UEC) saw its stock drop 6.3% after presenting at a conference following President Trump's new policies aimed at streamlining nuclear reactor licensing and strengthening the domestic nuclear fuel supply chain. While these policy shifts could benefit UEC's U.S.-focused operations in the long term, the company's near-term performance remains heavily influenced by uranium prices and market sentiment rather than immediate fundamental changes. Investors are advised to consider the long-term potential of U.S. nuclear capacity build-out against risks such as ongoing losses and reliance on equity raises."], ["20260131", "Shares of Uranium Energy Corp. are facing market skepticism despite a supportive political environment for nuclear power in the U.S. While policy tailwinds are strong, investors are currently focused on tangible operational progress and short-term financial metrics, leading to a recent share price decline. The company has a robust balance sheet with significant cash and uranium inventory but is currently reporting net losses and no sales revenue, with key projects like the UR&C initiative still in development, awaiting a crucial feasibility study around mid-2026."], ["20260131", "Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) reported a strong fourth quarter and full year 2025, with revenue increasing 2% to C$4.46 billion and diluted EPS climbing 9% to C$2.03. The company achieved these gains through significant efficiency improvements, evidenced by a 1.4-point reduction in its operating ratio to 61.2% and a 4% decrease in operating expenses per gross ton mile, despite facing a $350 million revenue loss due to tariffs. The board also approved a 3% dividend hike and a new 24 million share buyback program."], ["20260131", "First Solar Inc (NASDAQ:FSLR) has been identified as a Growth at a Reasonable Price (GARP) investment opportunity due to its strong growth trajectory and attractive valuation. The company shows significant past and projected EPS and revenue growth, coupled with price multiples that are considered low relative to its industry and the wider market. While profitability is strong, investors should note some liquidity concerns in its financial health."], ["20260131", "From February 2026, major Indian banks including SBI, HDFC Bank, PNB, and ICICI Bank will implement significant changes affecting banking and card-related services for their customers. These updates will impact IMPS transfer charges, credit card benefits and reward programs, and necessitate stricter adherence to Know Your Customer (KYC) rules. Customers are advised to monitor the updated fee schedules and ensure their KYC documentation is current to avoid service disruptions."], ["20260131", "Adamas Trust, Inc. has announced the tax treatment for its common and preferred stock dividends paid in 2025 to assist stockholders with their tax reporting. The company clarified that no portion of its 2025 dividends is expected to consist of excess inclusion income, which could be treated as unrelated business taxable income (UBTI). Detailed classifications for various common and preferred stock dividends, including ordinary dividends, qualified dividends, and capital gain distributions, are provided, along with a recommendation for stockholders to consult personal tax advisors."], ["20260131", "Cantor Fitzgerald lowered its price target for Tenable (NASDAQ:TENB) to $30 from $42, while maintaining an Overweight rating, citing recent software multiple contraction and limited federal visibility due to potential government shutdowns. Despite the reduction, the firm views Tenable as a value play with upside potential from its Tenable One platform, M&A, and increased demand for cloud security. Other analysts have also adjusted price targets, with Tenable recently launching AI exposure management features, and InvestingPro analysis suggests the stock is undervalued despite revenue growth and expected profitability."], ["20260131", "Grupo Financiero Galicia's main subsidiary, Banco de Galicia y Buenos Aires, has distributed its eighth cash dividend installment for fiscal year 2024, totaling ARS 39.46 billion. This payment, authorized by the Argentine Central Bank, reflects the bank's ongoing profitability and commitment to returning capital to shareholders, subject to a 7% withholding tax. Despite mixed financial performance with strong revenue growth and cash flow challenges, analysts rate GGAL stock as a \"Buy\" with an \"Outperform\" outlook by TipRanks' AI Analyst, citing strong valuation and technical indicators, with a projected recovery in 2026."], ["20260131", "ArcelorMittal has rejected a \u20ac7 billion ($8.32 billion) claim from Acciaierie d\u2019Italia (ADI) regarding the Taranto steelworks, formerly Ilva, and has confirmed it has been summoned to court in Milan. The steelmaker denies allegations of mismanagement and causing damages, arguing it fulfilled its obligations and invested significantly in the challenging business. ArcelorMittal further claims that actions by Invitalia and the Italian government, including the removal of legal protections and \"expropriation\" of its investment, are responsible for the current situation, and it has launched international arbitration proceedings against Italy."], ["20260131", "Delek US Holdings is shifting its strategic focus to significantly boost liquidity and free cash flow, with a comprehensive \"Enterprise Optimization Plan\" aimed at maximizing operational cash generation. Key elements include leveraging EPA regulatory exemptions for a substantial cash infusion and annual contributions, alongside operational efficiencies targeting an additional $180 million in annual cash flow. The company has also scheduled a major turnaround at its Big Spring refinery in Q1 2026 to enhance reliability and optimize product yield, making the upcoming Q4 2025 earnings report on February 27, 2026, a critical event for investors."], ["20260131", "The AB TAX AWARE SHORT DURATION MUNICIPAL ETF (TAFI.US) is scheduled to go ex-dividend on February 2nd, 2026. Shareholders of record on that date will receive a dividend of $0.0624 per share, payable on February 5th, 2026. The article also provides general definitions of cash dividends and stock dividends."], ["20260131", "Centrus Energy (LEU) announced a major expansion plan in Tennessee, investing over US$560 million to produce advanced centrifuges for uranium enrichment, creating 430 jobs. This move solidifies Centrus's role as the sole U.S. manufacturer of enrichment centrifuges, directly supporting federal efforts for energy and national security. While this strengthens the long-term investment narrative for U.S. nuclear fuel independence, it also introduces increased capital intensity and execution risk, suggesting potential shifts in the company's investment profile."], ["20260131", "Jim Cramer commented on Capital One (COF) following its acquisition of Brex and amid discussions of capping credit card interest rates, advising investors to let the stock's price drop as it presents a long-term owning opportunity. Despite analyst price target cuts, Cramer praised Capital One's CEO, Richard Fairbank, for strategic vision and the company's strong position in the corporate and high-spending credit card market. RGA Investment Advisors also recently added COF shares, viewing the Discover acquisition as a transformative move for Capital One to become a vertically integrated payments entity."], ["20260131", "RLJ Lodging Trust announced its 2025 dividend tax classifications for common and Series A preferred shares, aiming to provide clarity to investors and foster tourism-driven growth. The distributions include ordinary income, return of capital, and Section 199A dividends, with a notable adjustment for the December 2025 dividend where no allocation will be made for tax purposes. This transparent approach is expected to encourage stakeholder confidence and support continued investment in tourism-focused real estate ventures."], ["20260131", "Century Aluminum announced its plan to acquire a 40% stake in Emirates Global Aluminium's (EGA) new smelter project in Enola, Oklahoma. This partnership will increase the smelter's planned capacity from 600,000 mt to 750,000 mt of aluminum per year, effectively more than doubling US aluminum production. The project is expected to create 1,000 permanent jobs and 4,000 construction jobs, with operations beginning by the end of the decade."], ["20260131", "Maximus (NYSE:MMS) has introduced Accuracy AssistantTM, an AI-powered tool designed for state Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) agencies to preemptively identify and resolve data inconsistencies, helping to avoid benefit determination errors. This launch is strategically timed before federal changes in 2027 which will link state funding to SNAP payment error rates. The new tool highlights Maximus's move towards higher-value software and analytics in government services, aiming to deepen client relationships and secure new contracts by providing solutions for regulatory compliance."], ["20260131", "Knife River Corp (KNF) shares have entered a low-volume consolidation phase, marked by modest pullbacks recently, though long-term investors still enjoy strong gains since its spin-off. Wall Street holds a neutral to cautiously optimistic view, with future performance tied to infrastructure spending and margin execution rather than dramatic headlines. The company's vertically integrated operations and strategic focus on key U.S. regions position it to convert favorable demand into consistent earnings, assuming effective cost control and capital discipline."], ["20260131", "J.D. Vance, recently announced as Donald Trump's Vice Presidential pick, is an active investor with an estimated net worth of $8.69 million. His public equity portfolio includes investments in benchmark indices (SPY, QQQ, DIA), a crude oil ETF (OILK) reflecting his anti-ESG stance, and Bitcoin. Vance also previously sold a portion of his Walmart stock and has proposed tax credits for gas cars."], ["20260131", "DraftKings (DKNG) stock declined after Guggenheim lowered its price target and the CFTC announced a policy shift regarding prediction markets. The CFTC plans to draft clear rules for prediction markets and withdraw previous proposals prohibiting sports and politics-related contracts, aiming to provide regulatory clarity for event contracts. Investors are anticipating DraftKings' next earnings report on February 12, with estimates of 37 cents EPS and $1.96 billion in revenue."], ["20260131", "Intuit (INTU) shares dropped 0.8% after the company disclosed a $5.8 billion short-term revolving credit facility to fund its early tax-refund program, maturing on March 31. This credit line, which Intuit hasn't yet drawn on, is crucial as the tax filing season peaks and could be influenced by increased demand for early refunds and funding costs. The company is set to release its fiscal second-quarter results on February 26, which investors will closely watch for insights into customer demand and any impact of the credit facility."], ["20260131", "The Northern Trust 2055 Tax-Exempt Distributing Ladder ETF (MUND.US) will trade ex-dividend on February 2nd, 2026. Shareholders of record on this date will receive a dividend of 0.31337 USD per share on February 6th, 2026. The article also provides general definitions of cash and stock dividends."], ["20260131", "Altria (MO) anticipates a profit increase in the second half of 2026, driven by a U.S. tobacco tax rebate on higher cigarette imports and exports. This strategy comes after the company narrowly missed Q4 2025 profit estimates, with its full-year 2026 profit outlook still ahead of analyst expectations. Altria plans to leverage the \"double duty drawback\" tax provision by working with international partners to expand cigarette exports, a shift from its historical inability to benefit from this provision due to its focus on domestic sales."], ["20260131", "Houston-based REIT Camden is reportedly looking to sell all 11 of its California properties, totaling 3,600 units, and exit the state. This move is attributed to frustrations with California's regulatory environment, including past eviction moratoriums and high costs of doing business, which analysts believe could be a strategic positive for the company despite a potential near-term dilutive effect on funds from operations. Other major multifamily firms have also recently left California, citing similar challenges."], ["20260131", "Altria (MO) anticipates a profit boost in the second half of the year due to an anticipated rebate from the U.S. government on tobacco taxes. The company expects to receive $422 million related to previous overpayments for tobacco quota buyout charges, which will positively impact its adjusted diluted EPS. This rebate is expected to partially offset declining cigarette volumes, providing some financial relief for the tobacco giant."], ["20260131", "Ares Capital Corporation has announced its tax reporting information for common stock distributions made in calendar year 2025. The company detailed the ordinary income, qualified dividend income eligibility, and interest-related dividends per share for each quarterly distribution. Stockholders are advised to consult their tax advisors for personalized guidance."], ["20260131", "The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is commencing a new study on the potential impacts of a large waste spill at the proposed Donlin Gold mine in Alaska. This action follows a June 2025 federal court order that deemed the original environmental study, completed in 2018, deficient for not adequately analyzing the effects of a significant tailings dam failure. Tribal governments near the mine site, who initiated the lawsuit, and Donlin Gold have both expressed their commitment to the review process, although tribal leaders and environmentalists remain concerned about the project's overall impact on the region and its indigenous communities."], ["20260131", "CACI International's stock has shown consistent growth over the past year, outperforming many defense peers, driven by its involvement in critical national security missions and strong contract wins in intelligence and cyber warfare. Wall Street analysts maintain a positive outlook with \"Buy\" or \"Overweight\" ratings, citing the company's robust contract pipeline and strategic positioning in high-value technology solutions. The article questions whether this upward trend has more room to run, depending on continued contract awards, margin performance, and geopolitical stability."], ["20260131", "This article highlights two microcap value plays: AMREP Corporation (AXR) and Gencor Industries, Inc. (GENC). AMREP, involved in land development and homebuilding in New Mexico, is debt-free with significant cash and real estate inventory, trading below its tangible book value. Gencor Industries, a manufacturer of heavy machinery for highway construction, also appears undervalued, is debt-free, cash-rich, and poised to benefit from the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act."], ["20260130", "This case study details how a school district faced challenges with inconsistent contributions, unaffordable health premiums, and inefficient communication regarding employee benefits. CBIZ implemented solutions including streamlining contribution strategy, using data analytics for benchmark reports, and curating an effective communication strategy. The outcome included reduced premium costs for employees without increasing district costs, achieved by identifying competitive and affordable dependent coverage and improving employee understanding of their benefits."], ["20260130", "This article emphasizes that a \"people-first culture\" is crucial for competitive advantage, moving beyond transactional HR to focus on employee well-being, development, and engagement. It provides real-world examples of how this approach improves recruiting, retention, and reputation. The article also suggests key tactics for building such a culture and highlights how CBIZ Centrally HR can assist organizations in achieving long-term growth through people-centric strategies."], ["20260130", "CBIZ's Regulatory & Compliance team successfully helped a public school district in Kansas City avoid $19 million in IRS penalties. The district had received penalties for two years after inadvertently reporting errors on Forms 1094 and 1095 related to Affordable Care Act (ACA) compliance. CBIZ's intervention led to a 100% waiver of penalties and an ongoing partnership for future ACA support."], ["20260130", "Armada Hoffler Properties (NYSE: AHH) has announced the 2025 income tax treatment for its common and preferred stock dividends. For common stock, 20.35% is classified as taxable ordinary (Section 199A) and 79.65% as a return of capital/non-dividend, while Series A preferred stock dividends are 100% taxable ordinary and 100% Section 199A. The company advises stockholders to consult personal tax advisors regarding these final allocations."], ["20260130", "Farmland Partners Inc. (FPI) has released the tax treatment details for its 2025 common stock distributions, including a table summarizing distribution per share and allocations to ordinary income, qualified dividends, and capital gains. The company also clarified the tax treatment for special distributions declared in December 2025 and December 2024, noting their respective tax years for federal income tax purposes. Shareholders are advised to consult tax advisors for personalized guidance."], ["20260130", "Adamas Trust, Inc. announced the tax treatment of its common and preferred stock dividends paid in 2025 to assist stockholders with their tax reporting requirements. The company provided detailed classifications for various dividend types, including ordinary, qualified, capital gain, and non-dividend distributions, for its common stock and several series of preferred stock. Stockholders are advised to consult their personal tax advisors for specific guidance, as Adamas does not provide tax advice."], ["20260130", "Adamas Trust (ADAM) has issued a detailed tax classification for its 2025 dividend distributions across common and multiple preferred share series to help stockholders with their Form 1099 reporting. The announcement specifies per-share amounts for ordinary, qualified, and capital gain dividends, alongside clarifying the tax treatment for a January 2026 payment under IRC \u00a7857(b)(9). The company also confirmed that no portion of its 2025 dividends is expected to be considered excess inclusion income."], ["20260130", "Capital Southwest Corp (CSWC) announced the U.S. federal income tax treatment for its 2025 dividends, totaling $2.56 per share. The company stated that 100% of these dividends are classified as ordinary income, with 73.89% taxed as ordinary income and 26.11% as qualified dividends. Additionally, 82.55% of the dividends are related to interest and short-term capital gains, and certain dividends paid to non-U.S. shareholders are exempt from U.S. withholding tax."], ["20260130", "Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 dividend distributions for both common and preferred shares. For tax reporting, 100% of these distributions will be classified as dividend income. The announcement provides detailed summaries, including non-qualified and qualified dividend amounts, for common shares (ABR) and several series of preferred stock (ABR-PD, ABR-PE, ABR-PF), clarifying that no excess inclusion income will be passed through to shareholders for 2025."], ["20260130", "A former TD Bank employee, Leonardo Ayala, pleaded guilty to charges related to a multi-million-dollar money laundering scheme in Colombia, revealing specific methods used to bypass internal controls. Ayala, along with co-conspirators, used remote servicing capabilities and teller authority to issue numerous debit cards for shell company accounts, receiving bribes for these services. This case sheds light on the granular compliance failures contributing to TD Bank's historic $3 billion penalty and ongoing remediation efforts to fix its anti-money-laundering programs."], ["20260130", "This article is an update regarding the indictment of RCI Hospitality Holdings executives. They face charges of bribery, conspiracy, and criminal tax fraud. However, the provided content is incomplete and does not offer further details about the indictment or the company's response."], ["20260130", "Tetra Tech Inc. (TTEK) has released its Q1 fiscal 2026 10-Q report, detailing significant financial and operational shifts including a 14.8% revenue decline due to fewer international development projects, but a substantial increase in net income to $105.2 million. The company's government services group and commercial/international services group saw varied performances, with international revenue increasing and U.S. federal government revenue decreasing significantly. Tetra Tech also completed strategic acquisitions and divestitures and anticipates no significant future revenue from certain USAID/DOS programs."], ["20260130", "General Dynamics Corp reported a significant increase in 2025 revenue, reaching $52.6 billion, a 10.1% rise from 2024, with net earnings of $4.21 billion. Concurrently, the U.S. State Department approved a $1.7 billion F-100 frigate upgrade sale to Spain, with General Dynamics as a principal contractor. However, President Trump's decertification of Bombardier Global Express jets poses a potential concern for General Dynamics due to its aerospace interests."], ["20260130", "Eli Lilly CEO Dave Ricks stated that impending Medicare coverage for obesity drugs could significantly boost the launch of the company's experimental weight-loss pill, orforglipron. This coverage, expected to begin later in the year following drug pricing agreements, is seen as a \"game-changer\" that will make GLP-1 treatments more accessible and affordable for millions of Medicare beneficiaries with obesity. Ricks anticipates a \"full launch\" in the second quarter and believes the increased volume from Medicare patients will positively balance the impact of voluntary drug pricing reductions."], ["20260130", "Synchrony Financial reported strong Q4 2025 earnings with rising net interest income and continued capital returns despite elevated net charge-offs. The company faces regulatory uncertainty regarding potential credit card rate caps, which could significantly impact its core economics. This mix of financial resilience and regulatory risk makes Synchrony's investment narrative complex, leading to diverse fair value views among analysts."], ["20260130", "Canada's Algoma Steel has signed a binding Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with South Korean firm Hanwha Ocean to support Canada's submarine program and Algoma\u2019s diversification. This agreement could lead to the development of a new structural steel beam mill in Sault Ste Marie, Ontario, with significant financial contributions from Hanwha Ocean. The collaboration is contingent on Hanwha securing a contract for the Canadian patrol submarine project."], ["20260130", "Rising government debt levels in the US and Japan are causing concern, with traditional safe-havens weakening and gold's rally bolstering as investors search for stability. While Japan, with a debt-to-GDP ratio of 237%, is closer to a tipping point due to structural issues and inflationary pressures, the US continues to grow with stabilizing prices. Diversification, with gold as a considered asset, remains crucial for navigating these evolving markets."], ["20260130", "Ubiquiti's investment narrative is facing a potential shift due to recent investigations alleging its radio bridge antennae supported Russian military communications, despite sanctions. These reports from Hunterbrook Media raise concerns about Ubiquiti's compliance with U.S. and EU export restrictions and spotlight human-rights litigation risks. Investors are advised to closely monitor export control and governance issues, as regulatory scrutiny, fines, or distribution disruptions could significantly impact the company's valuation and outlook."], ["20260130", "Dominion Energy announced an increase in the total project costs for the Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind project to approximately $11.5 billion, up from $11.2 billion. This rise is attributed to the temporary suspension of work by the U.S. government and tariffs. The project, now expected to be completed in early 2027, has already seen nearly $9 billion invested and aims to power over 600,000 homes."], ["20260130", "Seaport Research trimmed its price target for Polaris Inc. (PII) to $80 from $83, while maintaining a Buy rating. This adjustment followed strong Q4 results but softer-than-expected guidance, impacted by ongoing tariff pressures. Despite challenges, Polaris reported market share gains, product launch success, a reduction in China exposure, and progress on the Indian Motorcycle separation."], ["20260130", "Hudson Pacific Properties (NYSE: HPP) has announced the 2025 tax treatment for its common stock, pre-funded warrants, and Series C preferred stock dividends. The company reported no dividends for its common stock and pre-funded warrants in 2025. For Series C preferred stock, dividends will be classified as 100% Return of Capital for United States federal income tax purposes."], ["20260130", "NexPoint Residential Trust (NXRT) has announced the final income allocations for its 2025 dividend distributions on common stock. The company confirmed that 100% of the total $2.06000 distributed per share in 2025 is classified as Return of Capital, with no portion as Taxable Ordinary Income. This information is provided for shareholders for their Form 1099-DIV tax reporting."], ["20260130", "Billionaire hedge fund managers Israel Englander and Ken Griffin have invested in the SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD), which has outperformed AI stocks like Nvidia and Palantir, and the S&P 500 year-to-date in 2026. The article highlights gold's role as a safe-haven asset, especially during geopolitical and economic uncertainty, and discusses gold price forecasts from various financial institutions for 2026. It suggests that investors concerned about global anxiety may consider adding exposure to gold through ETFs."], ["20260130", "Eli Lilly announced plans to build a $3.5 billion drug production plant in Lehigh County, Pennsylvania, creating 850 permanent jobs. This plant will focus on manufacturing next-generation weight-loss medicines like Zepbound and potentially Retatrutide. The investment is considered the largest private-sector life sciences investment in Pennsylvania's history, supported by state grants and tax credits."], ["20260130", "The German government has lowered its 2026 GDP growth forecast from 1.3% to 1.0% due to global trade tensions and slow domestic reforms, impacting major German equities like the iShares MSCI Germany ETF. While Goldman Sachs is more optimistic, the Bundesbank projects a more cautious 0.6% growth for 2026, with an acceleration in 2027. The article also details the ETF's sector exposure, fund metrics, and the importance of fiscal stimulus for domestic demand and small to mid-sized enterprises."], ["20260130", "AMH (American Homes 4 Rent) has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 cash distributions, categorizing them into Ordinary Dividend Income, Qualified Dividend Income, and Capital Gain Distributions for its common, Series G, and Series H preferred shares. The company provided a detailed breakdown of these classifications for each quarter of 2025, along with important tax code considerations for shareholders. AMH advises shareholders to consult their tax advisors regarding the specific treatment of these distributions."], ["20260130", "The defense industry is experiencing significant growth, approaching a $1 trillion milestone, which is driving demand for aftermarket MRO services. Companies like VisionWave Holdings, VSE Corporation, Lockheed Martin, TransDigm, and HII are making strategic moves to capitalize on this expansion, including acquisitions and integrating advanced AI and sensing technologies to enhance capabilities and secure long-term market positions. VisionWave Holdings, in particular, is focusing on AI-driven sensing and radio-frequency architecture through partnerships and intellectual property development, aiming to address critical needs in concealed threat detection and battlefield situational awareness."], ["20260130", "IperionX has released its quarterly report for December 2025, highlighting the full commissioning of its titanium powder production and component manufacturing facilities in Virginia. The company is significantly expanding its manufacturing capacity, aiming for 1,400 tons per annum by 2027, backed by U.S. Department of War funding of $47.1 million. Additionally, IperionX is advancing its Titan Critical Minerals Project, a key domestic source of titanium, zircon, and rare earth minerals, and maintains a strong financial position with $65.8 million in cash."], ["20260130", "The German government has lowered its 2026 GDP growth forecast from 1.3% to 1.0% due to global trade tensions and slow domestic reforms, impacting major German equities like the iShares MSCI Germany ETF. While some analysts are more optimistic, others, including the Bundesbank, project lower growth. Investors are advised to consider the ETF's composition, its negative three-year dividend growth, and the potential impact of fiscal stimulus measures and MSCI index rebalancing."], ["20260130", "The SEC has fined Archer Daniels Midland (ADM) $40 million for fraudulently inflating the value of its Nutrition business. While ADM did not admit wrongdoing, three former executives, including the chief financial officer, have been named in connection with the accounting scheme. The U.S. Department of Justice has dropped its criminal investigation into ADM, but an investor lawsuit against the company is ongoing."], ["20260130", "Potomac Edison will provide automatic energy relief bill credits to over 247,000 Maryland residential customers in February 2026, as part of the state's Legislative Energy Relief Refund program. The credit amounts will range from $45.32 to $60.32, tiered by annual household electricity usage, and are funded through Maryland's renewable energy laws without being charged back to customers. This initiative, created by the Next Generation Energy Act of April 2025, aims to help families manage rising energy costs."], ["20260130", "MP Materials (NYSE: MP) stock declined by 10.7% this week due to shifting sentiment in the rare-earth sector. The drop was influenced by a Reuters article suggesting the government might move away from price floor agreements, despite MP Materials already having a favorable deal with the Department of Defense. This highlights the political risks associated with public-private partnerships, a factor investors are now heavily weighing."], ["20260130", "Mizuho has reiterated an Outperform rating and $875 price target for Intuit (INTU), dismissing concerns about AI disruption in tax filing as overblown. The firm compares current worries to past fears about ChatGPT, which were alleviated after Intuit collaborated with OpenAI and incorporated TurboTax. Intuit is also expanding its physical presence with TurboTax stores, combining digital and in-person expertise."], ["20260130", "American Express and Mastercard have reported strong fourth-quarter and full-year earnings with double-digit revenue growth, despite concerns about rising credit card debt and potential political intervention like a proposed 10% cap on rates. Both companies saw increased consumer spending and healthy net income growth, with American Express raising its dividend and Mastercard announcing workforce reductions. The stock sell-off reflects market anxiety over valuation, political risks, and the broader macroeconomic environment rather than the companies' operational performance."], ["20260130", "NexPoint Diversified Real Estate Trust (NXDT) has announced the final income allocations for its 2025 dividend distributions for common and preferred shares. For both common and preferred shares, 100% of the distributions are classified as Return of Capital. Shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors regarding these allocations."], ["20260130", "Hudson Technologies announced that a competitor has filed a bid protest against its 2025 Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) contract award, leading the DLA to rescind the award pending review. Hudson Technologies, which has been a prime contractor since 2016, will continue to provide services under its existing contract until July 2026. The company expressed confidence that it will ultimately secure the contract despite this setback, viewing bid protests as a common part of government contracting."], ["20260130", "Global Partners LP has declared a cash distribution of $0.76 per common unit for Q4 2025, payable on February 13, 2026. Non-U.S. investors will have 100% of these distributions treated as effectively connected income, subjecting them to U.S. federal income tax withholding at the highest applicable rate plus ten percent, with nominees responsible for the withholding. The company, a Fortune 500 entity, operates extensively in liquid energy terminals and retail fueling across the U.S."], ["20260130", "American Express (AXP-N) has forecast annual profit above Wall Street expectations, driven by consistent spending from its affluent customer base. The company expects 2026 earnings per share between US$17.30 and US$17.90, with revenue growth of 9% to 10%. This optimistic outlook is attributed to Amex's focus on the premium market segment, which insulates it from broader economic slowdowns."], ["20260130", "Chevron has announced it will maintain its current capital spending in Venezuela despite calls for increased investment from President Donald Trump. The company's finance chief stated that while there's potential to increase oil production by up to 50% with additional U.S. government authorizations, Chevron's 2026 capital expenditure guidance remains unchanged. This decision comes as other non-U.S. entities secure business in Venezuela, and the Trump administration considers allowing Venezuela to sell oil under U.S. sanctions, with revenue oversight."], ["20260130", "American Express has forecast annual profit for 2026 largely above Wall Street expectations, driven by the resilient spending habits of its affluent customer base. The company expects 2026 earnings per share between $17.30 and $17.90, with revenue growth projected at 9% to 10%. This optimistic outlook is attributed to AmEx's focus on the premium segment, which shields it from broader economic slowdowns, and strong fourth-quarter billed business growth of 9%."], ["20260130", "Eli Lilly and Co. announced a $3.5 billion investment to construct a pharmaceutical manufacturing plant in Upper Macungie Township, Pennsylvania, creating 850 new jobs and an estimated 2,000 construction jobs. This project is the largest single investment in Lehigh Valley history and the largest by a life sciences company in Pennsylvania. The facility is expected to be operational by 2031 and will help meet the increasing demand for next-generation weight-loss medicines."], ["20260130", "IPX has completed the commissioning of advanced titanium manufacturing, is expanding capacity, and has secured strong U.S. government support and key sales agreements in defense and industrial sectors. The company's cash position remains robust at $65.8 million, indicating a strong financial standing to support its accelerated growth. This expansion is driven by robust funding and new defense contracts, positioning IPX for significant development."], ["20260130", "Armada Hoffler Properties, Inc. announced the income tax treatment for its 2025 dividend distributions for both common and preferred stock, as they will be reported on Form 1099-DIV. The company specified the percentages of total ordinary dividends, non-dividend distributions, and Section 199A dividends for common stock, and 100% ordinary and Section 199A dividends for preferred stock. Stockholders are advised to consult their personal tax advisors for specific tax treatment."], ["20260130", "United States Antimony (UAMY) shares plunged on Thursday following reports that the Trump administration scrapped plans to guarantee minimum prices for U.S. critical mineral projects. This decision, driven by funding concerns, marks a reversal from previous signals, making domestic projects harder to finance. Despite the report, United States Antimony stated its long-term agreements with U.S. government agencies remain intact."], ["20260130", "AtriCure, a rapidly growing medical device company in the Cincinnati region, has secured a $6 million JobsOhio grant for a $45 million expansion project in Mason, set to create 400 new jobs. This grant is the largest JobsOhio award to a Southwest Ohio project in 2025. The expansion includes a 120,000-square-foot facility for laboratory, R&D, office, and advanced manufacturing operations."], ["20260130", "The CEO of the Indonesia Stock Exchange, Iman Rachman, resigned in response to MSCI Inc.'s demands for reform, leading to policymakers implementing measures to prevent a market downgrade. These reforms address concerns about market transparency and low free float of Indonesian equities, aiming to restore investor confidence. The government is also preparing additional steps, including changes to the exchange's shareholding structure and higher caps on insurers' capital-market allocations, as MSCI had raised concerns about \"opacity in shareholding structures\" and potential \"coordinated trading behavior.\""], ["20260130", "Billionaire hedge fund managers Israel Englander and Ken Griffin have invested in the SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD), which has significantly outperformed AI stocks like Nvidia and Palantir, and the S&P 500, in 2026. Gold is highlighted as a strong diversifier and safe-haven asset, particularly appealing during geopolitical and economic uncertainty, which the article attributes to President Trump's policies. While some analysts predict further increases in gold prices, others forecast a decline, with current market analysis showing varying year-end targets."], ["20260130", "Mizuho has reiterated its Outperform rating and $875 price target for Intuit (NASDAQ:INTU), dismissing concerns that AI will disrupt tax filing services. The firm believes worries about AI-driven tax preparation are exaggerated, similar to previous fears regarding OpenAI, especially since Intuit has integrated AI into its TurboTax process. Furthermore, Intuit is expanding its physical presence with new TurboTax stores, blending digital tools with in-person expert assistance."], ["20260130", "GE Aerospace is facing increased tax expenses due to Singapore's adoption of the 15% global minimum corporate tax, which has reduced its tax benefits by $121 million. Simultaneously, the company secured a significant long-term deal with Delta Air Lines to supply GEnx engines, spare parts, and services for its Boeing 787-10 fleet, creating a multi-year revenue stream. These developments present a mixed outlook for investors, with higher tax burdens potentially impacting future earnings but the Delta deal providing long-term revenue visibility and reinforcing GE Aerospace's market position."], ["20260130", "This article evaluates SentinelOne (S) following recent significant events including a CFO transition and a one-time tax charge. Despite a recent short-term share price increase, the company has seen long-term declines in shareholder returns. The analysis examines SentinelOne's Price-to-Sales ratio and a Discounted Cash Flow model, suggesting it might be undervalued."], ["20260130", "The U.S. government has filed a petition for an en banc rehearing in the 3M transfer pricing appeal, arguing that the Eighth Circuit panel misread Section 482 of the Internal Revenue Code. The government contends the panel's ruling, which held that income could not be reallocated to 3M due to Brazilian law limiting royalty payments, improperly narrows the definition of \"income\" and could significantly harm the U.S. Treasury by providing a roadmap for companies to avoid taxation on foreign intangibles. They assert that 3M could have received the income as dividends, and that prior Supreme Court cases support taxing a taxpayer on their proportionate share of income even if subject to legal or practical limitations."], ["20260130", "Stifel has downgraded Codere Online Luxembourg S.A. (NASDAQ:CDRO) from Buy to Hold and reduced its price target due to Mexico's planned increase in gambling tax from 30% to 50%, effective January 1. This tax hike is expected to significantly impact Codere's profitability in its fastest-growing market. Despite concerns, Codere maintains high gross profit margins and aims to mitigate the tax burden through reduced promotions and renegotiations with suppliers."], ["20260130", "Hexcel Corp's global manufacturing footprint makes it susceptible to geopolitical risks and changing trade policies, which negatively affected margins in the first half of 2025 due to tariffs and volatile energy costs. While the company is monitoring potential 2026 trade policy shifts that could impact raw material costs, its strong defense programs, particularly in fighters and space applications like the F-35 and CH-53K, offer a buffer against commercial trade volatility, with defense and space sales rising 8.2% in the first nine months of 2025."], ["20260130", "Con Edison's recently approved rate hikes for electricity and gas in New York City and Westchester have sparked significant backlash from Bronx officials, including Borough President Vanessa Gibson and Assemblymember Jeffrey Dinowitz. The increases, which will add an estimated $4 to electric bills and $5-$19 to gas bills monthly for average customers, are criticized for burdening an already energy-insecure population. Officials point to high rates of utility debt and shutoffs, particularly in the Bronx, and call for stronger consumer protections, including the establishment of an independent Office of the Utility Consumer Advocate."], ["20260130", "Nvidia's CEO, Jensen Huang, is reportedly celebrating a major win as China has approved the sale of hundreds of thousands of Nvidia H200 AI chips to major Chinese tech companies like ByteDance, Alibaba, and Tencent. This decision marks a significant shift in US tech policy, moving from tight export controls under the Biden administration to a more conciliatory approach under the Trump administration, which argues that allowing regulated sales is preferable to an unregulated gray market and keeps China reliant on US technology. While this move benefits both Nvidia and provides Chinese companies with crucial AI hardware, some experts warn that the inconsistent US policy sends mixed signals and might inadvertently push China to further develop its indigenous chip industry."], ["20260130", "TMC the metals (TMC) stock dropped 9.7% after the company applied for an expanded deep-sea exploration license, while the U.S. government took an equity stake in a rival, USA Rare Earth. This indicates a shift in the competitive landscape for critical minerals, with concerns rising for TMC regarding funding risk, dilution, and regulatory timing, especially as its investment narrative relies heavily on future regulatory and political support for deep-sea mining. The contrasting policy decisions \u2013 supporting a competitor directly while TMC awaits regulatory approval \u2013 highlight the evolving challenges and uncertainties in the deep-sea mining sector."], ["20260130", "ArcelorMittal is facing renewed legal action from the Italian government regarding its former joint venture, Acciaierie d\u2019Italia S.p.A. (ADI). The steel producer denies allegations of mismanagement and strategic sabotage, stating it will vigorously defend itself in court. ArcelorMittal claims it fulfilled its obligations and faced an adversarial environment from Invitalia and the Italian government, including the removal of critical legal protections."], ["20260130", "Sachem Capital Corp. (NYSE American: SACH) has released its tax reporting information for common and preferred stock distributions for the calendar year ended December 31, 2025. The announcement includes detailed breakdowns of ordinary dividends, qualified dividends, total capital gains, nondividend distributions, and Section 199A dividends per share for each quarterly payout. Sachem Capital operates as a mortgage REIT, specializing in short-term, secured loans for real estate investors, with a focus on conservative loan-to-value ratios."], ["20260130", "Former President Donald Trump has announced his intention to decertify Bombardier Global Express business jets, citing Canada's alleged refusal to certify General Dynamics' Gulfstream jets. This move could lead to a new trade dispute, potentially affecting Canadian aerospace exports and U.S. defense companies. Trump also threatened a 50% tariff on Canadian aircraft if the certification issue is not resolved, and a 100% tariff on Canadian goods if Canada proceeds with a trade deal with China."], ["20260130", "Lockheed Martin (LMT) is highlighted as a bellwether for the defense industry, with nearly 75% of its 2024 sales coming from US military contracts. The company operates the largest defense procurement program (F-35) and is seen as a strong bet on the defense sector due to its extensive, decades-long revenue and profit streams. Morningstar analysts view Lockheed Martin's shares as undervalued, noting margin expansion."], ["20260130", "Enphase Energy (ENPH) is under scrutiny after analyst upgrades and a company restructuring, including a 6% workforce reduction, amid a 34.32% 90-day share price rebound. Despite its current trading price around US$40.47, near an average analyst target, Simply Wall St pegs its fair value at a slightly lower $38.45, suggesting it's mildly overvalued. The company anticipates future growth from new product launches like the IQ9 microinverter and fifth-generation battery, which are expected to improve margins despite pressures from U.S. residential solar contraction and tariff headwinds."], ["20260130", "The US AI regulatory landscape is rapidly evolving, moving from an innovation-focused federal approach to a more fragmented state-driven system. Organizations need to shift from reactive compliance to proactive AI readiness, as enforcement is expected before uniform federal guidelines are established. Key states like Colorado and California are setting de facto national standards, and accountability for AI risks is shifting to enterprise leadership."], ["20260130", "The Bahamian government's announcement of its intent to acquire Grand Bahama Power Company from Emera has been labeled a \"political stunt\" by local residents and politicians. Critics argue the announcement was premature as no final agreement has been reached, leading to skepticism and a comparison to the unfinalized Grand Lucayan deal. Concerns are raised about the lack of details regarding the acquisition, potential price, and the government's track record with Bahamas Power & Light (BPL), with many fearing a decline in reliable power supply."], ["20260130", "Representative Dale Strong has made his first-ever reported stock trade, purchasing shares in IREN Limited, a data center company. The transaction falls between $1,000 and $15,000. IREN focuses on power-dense computing and renewable energy, and another representative, Cleo Fields, has previously made significant returns on IREN shares."], ["20260130", "Macquarie has reduced its price target for XPeng Inc. (XPEV) from $32 to $26, maintaining an Outperform rating, due to anticipated declining electric-vehicle interest in China and reduced federal subsidies for its MONA M03 product. The firm foresees 2026 as a \"transition year\" for XPeng, expecting declining gross profit and lowering its volume forecast for the fiscal year to 545,000 units. XPeng plans to expand its product selection with four new models despite these challenges."], ["20260130", "Tesla's energy storage business significantly boosted its recent earnings report, growing faster than any other segment of the company. Despite a decline in EV sales and overall profit, record deployment of energy storage products like Megapack and Powerwall led to a 48% increase in gigawatt-hours deployed in 2025. This segment now contributes nearly a quarter of Tesla's gross profit, demonstrating higher profitability margins compared to vehicle sales, and is expected to continue growing with substantial deferred revenue from ongoing projects."], ["20260130", "Stifel downgraded Codere Online (NASDAQ:CDRO) to Hold from Buy and lowered its price target, citing significant concerns over Mexico's planned increase in gambling tax rate from 30% to 50% starting January 1. This tax hike is expected to impact profitability in Codere's fastest-growing market, necessitating a reset in estimates and valuation. Despite the downgrade, Codere maintains strong gross profit margins and benefits from market expansion in Spain and Mexico, although mitigation efforts for the tax burden may be limited in the near term."], ["20260130", "USA Rare Earth announced a significant US$3.1 billion financing package, including up to $1.6 billion in U.S. government funding and loans, and $1.5 billion in private capital. This funding aims to accelerate the Round Top mine and magnet manufacturing projects, repositioning the company as a key player in the U.S. rare earth supply chain. The deal involves substantial dilution for existing shareholders but significantly reduces funding risk and provides strong policy backing for its critical mineral projects."], ["20260130", "Tortoise Capital has announced the tax characterization of its 2025 distributions for Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corp. (NYSE:TYG), revealing that 93% was classified as Return of Capital. The company also released its 2025 annual stockholders' report, available online and upon request. Tortoise Capital, with $8.9 billion in AUM, specializes in energy and power infrastructure investments."], ["20260130", "Canadian Pacific Kansas City Ltd. (CPKC) CEO Keith Creel stated that the ongoing tariff war initiated by the United States has cost the company $200 million in revenue over the past year. Despite this, Creel expressed optimism about the upcoming renegotiation of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), believing it can be mutually beneficial. He also voiced strong opposition to a proposed US$85-billion merger between Union Pacific Corp. and Norfolk Southern Corp., arguing it would harm competition and the North American rail system."], ["20260129", "Redwood Trust, Inc. (NYSE: RWT) has released its expected tax information for 2025 dividend distributions. For common stock, distributions are anticipated to be 39% ordinary income (Section 199A), 2% qualified dividends, and 59% return of capital. Preferred stock distributions are expected to be 96% ordinary income (Section 199A) and 4% qualified dividends, with no portion classified as unrelated business taxable income (UBTI)."], ["20260129", "Redwood Trust has released its tax information for 2025 dividends, detailing the classification of common and preferred stock dividend distributions. Common stock dividends are expected to be 39% ordinary income, 2% qualified dividends, and 59% return of capital, while preferred stock dividends will be 96% ordinary income and 4% qualified dividends. As a REIT, the company advises shareholders to consult tax advisors due to limitations on qualified dividend income and potential tax implications."], ["20260129", "Viavi Solutions Inc. (NASDAQ:VIAV) saw its stock price surge to a new two-decade high following the announcement of a corporate restructuring initiative aimed at achieving $30 million in annual savings. The plan involves a 5 percent global workforce reduction, facility rationalization, and asset write-offs, expected to be completed by June 2026. This positive investor reaction occurred despite the company reporting a net loss of $48.1 million in the second quarter ending December 2025, even with a 36% increase in net revenues."], ["20260129", "Enphase Energy (ENPH) is undergoing a restructuring, including a 6% workforce reduction, coinciding with analyst upgrades and a sharp improvement in its 90-day share price, though its one-year return is down. The company is introducing new products like the IQ9 microinverter, high-density battery, and EV chargers, aiming for a lower cost base and improved gross margins. Simply Wall St values ENPH at $38.45, slightly below its current trading price of $40.47, highlighting potential overvaluation despite a P/E ratio that appears cheaper than peers."], ["20260129", "The IRS has released the finalized 2026 Form W-4, incorporating significant changes from the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) aimed at improving withholding accuracy. Key updates include an expanded Deductions Worksheet for new provisions like qualified tips and overtime, increased Child Tax Credit values, and a formal checkbox for claiming exemption. Employers are advised to update systems, refresh employee resources, and communicate these changes early to ensure a smooth transition for the 2026 tax year."], ["20260129", "MFA Financial, Inc. has released its dividend tax information for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025, on its website. Common stock dividends are characterized as 59.4% ordinary income and 40.6% return of capital, while preferred stock dividends are 100% ordinary income. Stockholders are advised to consult their tax advisors and compare brokerage statements with the information on MFA's website."], ["20260129", "Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. reported its fiscal second-quarter 2026 results, highlighting consolidated net sales of $149.9 million, strong gross margins of 60.9%, and an adjusted operating margin of 9.0%. Despite macroeconomic challenges and a difficult prior-year comparison impacting written orders, the company maintained a robust balance sheet with $179.3 million in cash and investments and announced a quarterly cash dividend of $0.39 per share. Chairman, President, and CEO Farooq Kathwari emphasized the company's vertically integrated strengths, commitment to quality, and strategic investments in marketing and technology, positioning them well for the future."], ["20260129", "MP Materials (NYSE:MP) and other rare earth mining stocks experienced a decline due to concerns that shifts in U.S. policy could disrupt the sector. The drop was specifically linked to comments made by former President Trump regarding a potential rare earth price floor, creating uncertainty for miners. Investors are now evaluating the implications of these developments on the rare earth market."], ["20260129", "TPG RE Finance Trust, Inc. (TRTX) has announced the income tax treatment for its common stock and 6.25% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock dividends for the tax year ending December 31, 2025. The announcement includes detailed tables summarizing total distribution per share, ordinary income per share, capital gain per share, and non-dividend distribution for both common and Series C preferred stockholders. The company encourages shareholders to consult their personal tax advisors for specific guidance."], ["20260129", "Realty Income Corporation (NYSE: O) announced the final tax allocation for its 2025 common stock dividends. The company identified that a significant portion of these distributions, specifically 33.630%, is considered a non-taxable return of capital, with the remaining 66.370% classified as ordinary income. Shareholders are advised to consult with their tax advisors for personalized guidance regarding their specific tax obligations."], ["20260129", "Mastercard has renegotiated its services agreement with Capital One, reaffirming their partnership despite Capital One's acquisition of rival Discover. The new pact could lead to Mastercard handling a larger portion of Capital One\u2019s newly acquired credit accounts. Mastercard CEO Michael Miebach also criticized the proposed Credit Card Competition Act during an earnings call, arguing it creates risks without clear benefits for consumers."], ["20260129", "Rare-earth ETFs, particularly leveraged 2X funds tied to USA Rare Earth Inc. (USAR), experienced a sharp decline on Tuesday, reversing last week's significant gains. This slide highlights the volatility and risks associated with policy-driven trades and leveraged products, despite a recent major U.S. government investment in USA Rare Earth to strengthen domestic rare-earth supply chains. Even diversified rare-earth ETFs like VanEck Rare Earth and Strategic Metals ETF (REMX) saw pullbacks, indicating a broader reassessment of near-term expectations in the sector as initial policy enthusiasm cools."], ["20260129", "American Express (AXP) is set to report its fourth-quarter earnings on Friday, with analysts expecting significant increases in both revenue and EPS. The financial giant, a major holding for Berkshire Hathaway and a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, faces potential impacts from proposed credit card interest rate caps. Investors will be closely watching the company's guidance, as it raised full-year guidance after Q3, driven by strong Card Member spending and net interest income."], ["20260129", "Novo Nordisk has received support from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in its efforts to challenge the Medicare price negotiation provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) before the Supreme Court. The Chamber filed an amicus brief arguing that the IRA's pricing \"negotiations\" are coercive and could severely harm pharmaceutical research and development. This move comes as several other pharmaceutical companies have also brought legal challenges against the IRA, though most have been unsuccessful so far."], ["20260129", "The article outlines five key compliance changes that will impact the Consumer & Industrial Products (C&IP) sector in 2026, including stricter regulations on supply chain transparency, product safety, cybersecurity, workforce health, and international trade. It emphasizes the need for C&IP leaders to adapt to these shifts to avoid penalties and reputational damage. CBIZ offers services like monitoring, coverage reviews, and consulting to help businesses navigate these new challenges confidently."], ["20260129", "Las Vegas Sands Corp. (NYSE:LVS) experienced a 13.96% drop in share prices due to weak Macau operations, attributed to China's crackdown on high-rolling gamblers. Despite a decrease in full-year 2025 adjusted EBITDA from Macau, the company saw a significant jump in Macau revenues and overall net income for both the full year and the fourth quarter. The article highlights the financial performance of LVS amidst challenging market conditions in Macau."], ["20260129", "The article analyzes the iShares Global Consumer Staples ETF (US4642887370) as a defensive investment strategy for 2026 amid persistent market volatility. It highlights the ETF's exposure to essential goods companies like Costco, Walmart, and PepsiCo, its expense ratio, and upcoming events like Hershey's earnings report. The piece suggests that while the sector outlook is neutral, economic uncertainties and potential tax cuts could influence consumer spending and the demand for staple goods."], ["20260129", "Jim Cramer discussed Nucor Corporation (NYSE: NUE), highlighting strong underlying fundamentals despite a \"mixed quarter\" and a share pullback. He emphasized the positive impact of steel tariffs in protecting the U.S. steel industry from foreign dumping, a sentiment echoed by Nucor CEO Leon Topalian. The article suggests that Nucor is benefiting from a supportive trade environment and U.S. manufacturing focus."], ["20260129", "Senator Marsha Blackburn criticized Live Nation and Ticketmaster for their \"very insufficient\" response to"], ["20260129", "Lockheed Martin's stock jumped 5.9% after reporting strong fourth-quarter 2025 results that exceeded analyst expectations and providing an optimistic financial forecast for 2026. The company saw a 9.1% increase in sales and reported a significant backlog of $193.6 billion which is up 10% from the previous year. This positive performance has led to the stock hitting a new 52-week high, with a year-to-date gain of 26.8%."], ["20260129", "President Trump's recent executive order on housing targets large institutional investors in existing single-family homes but exempts build-to-rent communities. This distinction favors build-to-rent developers like Invitation Homes, D.R. Horton, and Lennar, potentially accelerating their shift towards purpose-built rental supply. The policy reinforces the perception that build-to-rent expands housing supply rather than competing with individual buyers, drawing cautious optimism from investors."], ["20260129", "Stryker, a medical equipment manufacturer, has significantly raised its full-year profit forecast due to robust sales of its medical devices and implants, especially in the fourth quarter. The company now expects earnings per share between $14.90 and $15.10, up from its previous outlook. Despite strong demand for surgical procedures, Stryker anticipates a $400 million impact from tariffs imposed by the U.S. administration in 2026, which is $200 million higher than the previous year."], ["20260129", "Argentina has asked a New York court to suspend the discovery process aimed at identifying national assets that could be seized in the $16.1 billion YPF nationalization dispute. The country argues that the requests from litigation fund Burford Capital are an \"infringement of Argentine sovereignty\" and disproportionate. Argentina also refused to provide information on its central bank's gold reserves, maintaining they are immune from seizure and belong to an autonomous entity, while an appeal on the original ruling is pending."], ["20260129", "Lockheed Martin has signed a framework agreement with the Pentagon to increase production of Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile interceptors from 96 to 400 per year. This expansion addresses Pentagon concerns about missile threats and potential interceptor shortages, especially given current deployments in the Middle East and Israel. The deal awaits Congressional funding approval, and Lockheed Martin has already broken ground on a new facility to support the anticipated production ramp-up."], ["20260129", "General Motors is cutting the third shift at its Oshawa plant, resulting in over 1,000 workers losing their jobs, including 500 direct employees and over 500 supply chain workers. Unifor, the union representing the employees, claims GM is shifting jobs to the United States and has rejected a viable plan to retain the third shift. Ontario Premier Doug Ford called the decision \"very disappointing\" and emphasized the need for federal government support for the auto sector and workers."], ["20260129", "MP Materials stock fell due to uncertainty surrounding U.S. policy changes that could impact the rare-earth mining sector's price floor. Other rare-earth stocks also experienced declines. Despite the fears, the article suggests this could be a buying opportunity."], ["20260129", "Invitation Homes Inc. (INVH), a residential REIT dealing in single-family rentals, has underperformed the broader market and a sector-specific ETF over the past year. Shares dropped following a Trump administration announcement targeting institutional investors in the housing market. Despite this, analysts largely maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" rating for INVH, with a consensus price target suggesting significant upside potential."], ["20260129", "MPLX LP's general partner board of directors has declared a quarterly cash distribution of $1.0765 per common unit for Q4 2025, totaling $4.31 annually. The distribution is scheduled for payment on February 17, 2026, to unitholders of record as of February 9, 2026. This announcement also includes a qualified tax notice for non-U.S. investors, requiring brokers and nominees to withhold federal income tax on distributions."], ["20260129", "National Fuel Gas (NYSE:NFG) has revealed a 5.11% increase in CEO David P. Bauer\u2019s 2025 compensation, estimating it at US$9,119,455. This compensation rise coincides with the company securing new government contracts for natural gas transportation in fiscal years 2025 and 2026. The announcement provides investors with updated information on executive pay and new revenue streams from public sector clients."], ["20260129", "UnitedHealth Group's cautious revenue outlook and restructuring plans, coupled with flat Medicare Advantage payment rates, have raised sector-wide concerns, impacting companies like Privia Health Group. Despite Privia Health's strong Accountable Care Organization performance and increased 2025 Adjusted EBITDA guidance, the broader market sentiment due to UnitedHealth's news has led to a 6.5% pullback in Privia's stock. This highlights the sensitivity of the healthcare investment landscape to Medicare Advantage payment headlines and policy risks."], ["20260129", "York Space Systems began trading on the NYSE at $38, an increase from its $34 IPO price. CEO Dirk Wallinger highlighted the company's potential contribution to President Trump's 'Golden Dome' missile defense project, emphasizing their ability to integrate disparate systems. The company, valued at $4.75 billion, plans to play a key role in national defense by providing holistic solutions."], ["20260129", "Innodata Inc. has secured vital contracts with the U.S. Missile Defense Agency, leading to a 10.67% increase in its stock. Analysts view these government contracts as a significant growth catalyst and a validation of Innodata's capabilities in advanced research and prototyping for national security. The company's strong financial performance and strategic expansion into federal sectors position it for sustained revenue growth and investor confidence."], ["20260129", "High-income California residents, facing combined tax rates over 50%, can find relief through the Invesco California AMT-Free Municipal Bond ETF (PWZ). This ETF invests in tax-exempt California municipal bonds, offering a substantial after-tax return advantage for those in the highest tax bracket. While providing stable, tax-free income, investors should consider the lower yields compared to taxable bonds and the concentration risk associated with a single-state focus."], ["20260129", "MP Materials stock recently crashed due to concerns that the U.S. government might retract its price guarantees for critical minerals, including rare-earth metals. While a Reuters report suggests the Trump administration is reconsidering such guarantees for new projects, MP Materials' existing contract, including a 10-year supply agreement and a price guarantee for neodymium-praseodymium, appears to be binding and thus safe. Despite the reassurance, the article questions the stock's valuation, noting its high P/E ratio and past losses, suggesting it may be overpriced."], ["20260129", "Sanofi experienced a 2.5% dip in vaccine sales in 2025, primarily due to declining sales across most immunization products, despite CEO Paul Hudson's continued advocacy for vaccine development as a critical public health tool. This decline is attributed to growing vaccine skepticism in the U.S. market, spurred by policy changes and controversial statements from Health Secretary Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. Despite challenges in its vaccine segment, Sanofi's overall net sales surged by 9.9% in 2025, driven by strong performance from products like Dupixent, leading the company to project high-single-digit growth for 2026."], ["20260129", "General Motors is eliminating the third shift at its Oshawa assembly plant, which is expected to result in over 1,000 job losses for union workers within the facility and its supply chain. This decision comes despite GM reporting significant pre-tax earnings and plans to increase shareholder returns, a move criticized by Unifor as caving to U.S. political pressure. Ontario Premier Doug Ford and Oshawa mayor Dan Carter have expressed disappointment and vowed to support the affected workers and advocate for the Canadian auto sector."], ["20260129", "Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (NYSE: ARI) announced the estimated federal income tax treatment for its 2025 distributions on common stock and 7.25% Series B-1 preferred stock. The announcement includes detailed per-share amounts for ordinary, qualified, and Section 199A-eligible dividends across various record and payable dates. A portion of the January 15, 2026 cash distribution, with a December 31, 2025 record date, will be treated as a 2025 distribution for tax purposes to the extent of the company's 2025 earnings and profits."], ["20260129", "Lockheed Martin and the U.S. Department of War have signed a framework agreement to quadruple the annual production of THAAD interceptors from 96 to 400. This builds on a previous agreement for PAC-3 MSE interceptors and coincides with Lockheed Martin breaking ground on a new Munitions Acceleration Center in Arkansas. The company plans a multibillion-dollar investment over the next three years to expand capacity and modernize facilities, creating thousands of American jobs to meet increasing defense demands."], ["20260129", "Cadence Design Systems has agreed to pay the U.S. government $140 million to resolve allegations that it illegally sold chip design technology to a Chinese university. The U.S. Attorney's office in San Jose, California, announced the settlement, stating the university was involved in producing chips for military applications. Cadence has also agreed to maintain an independent internal compliance monitor for three years."], ["20260129", "Cadence Design Systems has agreed to pay $140 million to the U.S. government to resolve allegations of selling chip design technology to a Chinese university without proper licenses. The settlement addresses claims that the transaction violated export control laws by providing critical technology to an entity with potential military ties. This agreement highlights the U.S.'s ongoing efforts to prevent advanced technology from reaching certain foreign entities."], ["20260129", "California's proposed AB 1349 bill, aiming to ban speculative ticketing and increase penalties for fraud, has sparked a debate, with critics arguing it disproportionately benefits Ticketmaster and Live Nation by stifling secondary market competition. The bill seeks to protect consumers from fraudulent ticket sales like those experienced by Colorado firefighters Rick Balentine and Tim Cottrell, who were denied entry to an Eagles concert despite purchasing tickets on StubHub. Opponents of the bill contend that defining tickets as licenses and restricting resale options ultimately enhances Ticketmaster's market dominance, forcing fans back to the primary seller and its associated fees."], ["20260129", "BofA Securities has lowered its price target for AXIS Capital (NYSE:AXS) to $115 from $119, while maintaining a Neutral rating, despite the insurer exceeding Q4 2025 earnings forecasts. The adjustment comes after assessing factors like lower catastrophe losses and a reduced tax rate, partially offset by an increased expense ratio. AXIS Capital also announced a share repurchase from Stone Point Capital and has received varied analyst coverage, including a downgrade from BofA and an Outperform rating from Mizuho."], ["20260129", "National Fuel Gas Distribution Corp. has requested a 7.4% increase in its base delivery rate, which is the fixed charge for delivering natural gas. If approved by the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission (PUC), this would be the first rate hike since 2022 and the third in 20 years. Despite the increase, National Fuel asserts it will maintain the lowest delivery rates in the state."], ["20260129", "Rare earth and critical minerals stocks experienced a significant sell-off after a Reuters report suggested the Trump administration would cease guaranteeing price floors for domestic critical mineral projects. However, multiple companies, including MP Materials and U.S. Antimony, refuted the report's accuracy, stating their existing contracts remain intact and the change, if any, applies only to future projects. The controversy also sparked heated exchanges between industry figures on social media."], ["20260129", "Boeing reported a $565 million loss for its KC-46 Pegasus tanker program in Q4 2025, bringing the total accumulated losses to over $8 billion. This setback is attributed to rising production and supply chain costs, particularly concerning the 767-based airframe. Despite the financial challenges, the US Air Force continues to order KC-46 aircraft due to improving operational performance and its strategic role until a next-generation tanker is available."], ["20260129", "Newmont is experiencing record-high gold and silver prices, leading to increased investor interest and a significant rise in its stock price. However, this positive environment is coupled with emerging regulatory risks in Ghana, where a proposed mining royalty increase could impact the company's profitability in a key operating region. Investors are currently weighing the benefits of stronger revenues against the potential pressure on future margins from Ghana's fiscal changes."], ["20260129", "Landstar System, Inc. is divesting its Mexican subsidiary, Landstar Metro, due to the unit's failure to meet strategic goals and in response to geopolitical risks, particularly concerning U.S.-Mexico tariffs. The company is actively streamlining its portfolio to mitigate exposure to international trade volatility and maintain its strong financial position, evidenced by its $452 million in cash and short-term investments. This move follows a broader strategic review earlier in 2025."], ["20260129", "Activists protested outside a Citizens Bank branch, urging the institution to divest from for-profit private prison operators like GEO Group and CoreCivic. The protests were spurred by the detention of Dylan Lopez Contreras, a John F. Kennedy Campus student, at an ICE facility operated by GEO Group. Many major banks have already divested from private prison financing, and protestors are calling for Citizens Bank to follow suit, highlighting the financial ties between the bank and companies profiting from immigration detention."], ["20260129", "BWX Technologies (BWXT) has launched its Centrifuge Manufacturing Development Facility (CMDF) in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. This facility will primarily support the uranium enrichment facility BWXT is building in Erwin, Tennessee, under contract with the Department of Energy\u2019s National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) for defense fuel needs. The CMDF will accelerate centrifuge technology development for defense applications and strengthen the US's sovereign nuclear supply chain."], ["20260129", "Trilogy Metals has expanded its advisory and leadership teams following a US federal government investment in the Upper Kobuk Mineral Projects in Alaska. This move strengthens oversight of the joint venture with South32 and positions Trilogy to advance corporate development initiatives and secure the federal investment for the copper-rich projects. The investment highlights the strategic importance of domestic copper production for renewable energy and technology sectors."], ["20260129", "Nvidia's CEO, Jensen Huang, stated that the company has not yet received orders from Chinese customers for its H200 AI chips. This is due to the Chinese government still deliberating on whether to approve the import of these U.S.-made components. Huang expressed hope that the Chinese government will grant approval soon."], ["20260129", "Instacart has introduced a new $5.99 \"Regulatory Response Fee\" for grocery delivery orders in New York City, directly attributing it to a new city law that mandates a minimum wage of $21.44 per hour for app-based grocery delivery workers. The company argues this law, which will further increase the minimum wage to $22.13 by April, will raise costs for consumers and make food less affordable, despite warnings to the city council. New Yorkers have reacted negatively to the new fee on social media, with some expressing intentions to cancel their subscriptions."], ["20260129", "Brandywine Realty Trust (NYSE: BDN) has released the federal tax characteristics for its 2025 shareholder distributions, indicating that roughly 97.2% of the $0.53 per share payout is classified as a non-dividend return of capital. Only 2.8% was attributed to capital gain distributions, with no portion categorized as taxable ordinary income. The company advises shareholders to consult tax advisors for personal implications and provides a full tax report on its investor relations website."], ["20260129", "Salesforce (CRM) stock slipped in after-hours trading following news of a $5.6 billion U.S. Army contract awarded to Computable Insights LLC for Salesforce products. The deal, which has a 10-year ceiling but no guarantee of full utilization, sparked investor caution, especially as after-hours trading is typically thinner. Traders will be looking for more details on order timing and the financial impact during Salesforce's upcoming fourth-quarter earnings call."], ["20260129", "Coffee Holding Co., Inc. announced full-year sales of $96.3 million for fiscal 2025, a 23% increase from 2024, despite challenges such as market volatility and tariffs. The company's net income was negatively impacted by approximately $1 million from tariffs and losses from integrating Empire Coffee Company. However, with tariffs eliminated and anticipated cost savings from closing the Comfort Foods facility, the company expects improved profitability and expanded gross margins in fiscal 2026, and will pay a dividend of $0.08 per share."], ["20260129", "Canadian Pacific Kansas City Ltd. (CPKC) CEO Keith Creel stated that the ongoing tariff war initiated by the United States has cost the company $200 million over the past year. Despite this, he remained optimistic about the renegotiation of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), emphasizing its critical importance for trade among the three nations. Creel also expressed strong opposition to a proposed US$85-billion merger between Union Pacific Corp. and Norfolk Southern Corp., warning of potential damage to competition and the North American rail transportation system."], ["20260129", "Canadian Pacific Kansas City Ltd. (CPKC) CEO Keith Creel stated that the ongoing tariff war initiated by the United States has cost the company $200 million over the past year. Despite this, Creel remains optimistic about the renegotiation of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), emphasizing its importance for all three nations. He also expressed strong opposition to a proposed US$85-billion merger between Union Pacific Corp. and Norfolk Southern Corp., warning it could harm competition and the North American rail transportation system."], ["20260129", "USA Rare Earth Inc. has secured $1.6 billion in U.S. government funding and $1.5 billion in private investment to build a domestic rare earth supply chain and magnet manufacturing capacity. This significant capital influx aims to support key projects like the Round Top mine in Texas and a magnet manufacturing facility in Oklahoma. While the funding strengthens the company's financial backing and strategic importance in critical minerals, it also introduces risks such as substantial share dilution and the company remaining pre-revenue until 2028."], ["20260129", "JPMorganChase announced it will match the U.S. government's $1,000 contribution to \"Trump Accounts\" for eligible employees' children, providing an additional $1,000 per child. This initiative supports the government's program to build long-term financial security for children born between 2025 and 2028. The firm emphasizes its commitment to employees' financial well-being through various benefits, including retirement plans and parental leave."], ["20260128", "Equity LifeStyle Properties (ELS) announced the tax treatment for its 2025 common stock distributions on January 22, 2026. This information, released via a news release and available on the company's website, pertains to the 453 properties and 173,355 sites owned by Equity LifeStyle. The announcement was also disclosed in an SEC 8-K filing on January 28, 2026."], ["20260128", "Easterly Government Properties (DEA) recently reported strong quarterly results and provided clear tax characteristics for its 2025 common stock distributions, reinforcing its narrative as a stable landlord to U.S. government agencies. While the market reacted positively, the company faces risks such as thin profit margins, high valuation, and interest costs that are not well covered by earnings. The article advises investors to consider these factors, explore diverse fair value estimates, and conduct thorough research on DEA's financial health."], ["20260128", "Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. announced the 2025 tax treatment of its Class A common stock distributions, detailing how the cash distributions paid to stockholders during the year ended December 31, 2025, will be categorized for income tax purposes. The company provided a summary table outlining the allocation of distributions into ordinary dividends, nondividend distributions, and Section 199A dividends for each quarterly payment. Stockholders are advised to consult with their personal tax advisors for specific tax treatment."], ["20260128", "Two Harbors Investment Corp. (NYSE: TWO) has announced the tax treatment for its common and preferred stock dividends for 2025. The company specifies that no portion of its 2025 dividend distributions are expected to be treated as excess inclusion income, which could affect tax-exempt investors. Detailed tables are provided to assist stockholders with tax reporting for common stock and Series A, B, and C preferred shares, outlining declaration, record, and payable dates along with distribution amounts."], ["20260128", "The Oklahoma Corporation Commission is considering a request from Oklahoma Gas and Electric (OG&E) to begin recovering construction costs for new power projects via Construction Work in Progress (CWIP). Opponents argue that previous rulings rejected CWIP for these projects and that OG&E is attempting to \"leapfrog\" regulations, potentially leading to double recovery for ratepayers. The decision remains under advisement, with no timeline announced for a final ruling."], ["20260128", "COPT Defense Properties (NYSE: CDP) has announced the detailed 2025 tax treatment for its common share distributions, advising shareholders to consult tax advisors for specific guidance. The distributions with a record date of December 31, 2025, and payment date of January 15, 2026, are allocated to 2025 for income tax purposes. The company provided a table summarizing the tax treatment, including taxable ordinary dividends, total capital gain distributions, return of capital, and Section 199A dividends for each quarterly distribution in 2025."], ["20260128", "Camden Property Trust is reportedly looking to sell its entire portfolio of 11 multifamily properties in California for over $1.5 billion. This potential divestment, driven by frustrations with the state's regulatory environment, is being marketed through JLL and would involve approximately 3,600 units. Other multifamily operators have also considered or initiated exits from California due to similar challenges."], ["20260128", "Stellantis is reportedly set to delay the reopening of its Belvidere Assembly Plant in Illinois until mid-2028, a seven-month postponement from its original 2027 target, according to a UAW official. This delay raises concerns among union members as it pushes the reopening past the current contract's expiration, potentially making the facility a bargaining chip in future negotiations. Despite the UAW's claims, Stellantis maintains that its plan of record for the $600 million investment and job creation at Belvidere has not changed."], ["20260128", "The U.S. Navy has awarded a five-year, $150 million architect-engineer contract to a joint venture between AECOM and Stantec for upgrades at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, Maine. This project falls under the Navy\u2019s larger Shipyard Infrastructure Optimization Program, focusing on modernizing dry docks, production facilities, utilities, and waterfront infrastructure. Both AECOM and Stantec have a history of working with the Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command and are involved in similar modernization efforts at other naval shipyards."], ["20260128", "National Fuel Gas Distribution Corporation has filed a request with the Pennsylvania PUC to increase annual base delivery rate revenues for Pennsylvania customers by $19.7 million, or 7.4% of total revenues. This increase, if approved, would raise the monthly bill for an average residential customer by $4.95, or 5.9%. The company states the increase is necessary due to rising operating costs and the need to invest in system modernization and safety, and also plans to return $7.2 million previously collected for retiree health benefits to help offset costs."], ["20260128", "Tesla reported its fourth-quarter earnings, disclosing a massive spending forecast of $20 billion, significantly up from $8.5 billion in 2025, and the discontinuation of its Model S and X vehicles. CEO Elon Musk attributed this substantial capital expenditure to addressing geopolitical risks and ensuring the company's ability to scale autonomous vehicles, robots, and AI chips. Despite an initial stock jump, shares lost some momentum during the earnings call as investors digested the large capex number."], ["20260128", "LanzaTech Global, Inc. has announced Saltend Chemicals Park as the intended location for its DRAGON II project, a \u00a3600 million investment to produce sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) and renewable diesel. The project, expected to be operational by 2030, will deliver significant SAF output and create hundreds of skilled jobs, contributing to the UK\u2019s net-zero ambitions and industrial growth in the Humber region. This initiative leverages LanzaTech\u2019s carbon recycling technology and LanzaJet\u2019s Alcohol-to-Jet process, with support from the UK government."], ["20260128", "Northrop Grumman's stock (NOC) displayed a strong buy signal by breaking out to new highs and confirming the move after its Q4 2025 earnings and 2026 guidance. Despite an initial dip, the stock recovered, reinforcing a new support level and setting a trajectory for continued growth, potentially reaching $777. The company's solid Q4 performance, particularly in Aeronautics and Space, along with a robust free cash flow, dividend yield, and aggressive share buybacks, are driving momentum, further supported by significant institutional investment and a strong backlog."], ["20260128", "The article highlights increased U.S. government support for nuclear energy through new executive orders aimed at streamlining reactor licensing and strengthening the domestic nuclear fuel supply chain. This policy shift is particularly significant for uranium producers like Uranium Energy (NYSEAM:UEC), which is identified as the largest U.S. uranium producer. The company's stock has seen substantial gains over various periods, and the new policies could further influence its growth and strategic position in the sector."], ["20260128", "Nucor Corporation discussed its Q4 2025 earnings, reporting adjusted earnings of $1.73 per share for the quarter and $7.71 for the full year, with EBITDA of $918 million and $4.2 billion respectively. The company highlighted record safety performance, significant growth investments totaling $3.4 billion in 2025 (with a projected $2.5 billion for 2026), and strategic expansions in key markets like data centers and energy infrastructure. They anticipate higher consolidated earnings in Q1 2026, driven by increased volumes, higher realized pricing, and a strong demand outlook, particularly in the steel mills segment."], ["20260128", "Boeing reported a $565 million loss on its KC-46 Pegasus refueling tanker program in the fourth quarter of 2025, adding to billions in previous losses. Despite the setback, the company sees encouraging operational performance and aims to reprice future KC-46 contracts to ensure profitability, especially as the Air Force plans to purchase more units on a sole-source basis. Boeing attributes the loss mainly to higher supply chain and production support costs, and is investing in quality improvements at its Everett facility."], ["20260128", "Argentina has formally asked the Southern District Court of New York to halt the discovery process and Burford Capital's contempt motion in the YPF expropriation case. The government argues that Burford's discovery requests are intrusive and irrelevant, designed to force a settlement or inflict reputational harm, rather than genuinely seek executable assets. This request follows Argentina's refusal to disclose details of the Central Bank's gold reserves, which it maintains are separate from government assets."], ["20260128", "Ita\u00fa Unibanco has adjusted its monthly Interest on Capital (IoC) distributions for fiscal year 2026 to counteract a higher withholding income tax rate. To maintain net proceeds of BRL 0.015 per share for shareholders, the bank increased the gross IoC amount to BRL 0.018182 per share. The payment schedule remains unchanged, offering predictability to investors."], ["20260128", "Elevance Health reported a significant profit increase in Q4 2025 despite rising costs but faces challenges in Medicaid, Medicare, and ACA markets. The company plans a year of \"execution and repositioning\" to strengthen performance and align cost structures. Elevance is adjusting pricing, refining products, and selectively investing to return to profit targets amidst policy-driven changes and increased medical cost trends."], ["20260128", "Elevance Health expects its revenue to decline slightly in 2026 and has forecast full-year profit below Wall Street estimates, indicating that high medical costs will continue to impact insurers. The company anticipates a low-single-digit percentage decline in total operating revenue for 2026, primarily due to a membership decline in some plans, though growth in its health services business, Carelon, and higher premiums are expected to partly offset this. Despite a challenging outlook for 2026, CEO Gail Boudreaux expressed confidence in the company's ability to return to at least 12% adjusted earnings per share growth in 2027."], ["20260128", "Emera expressed concern over the Prime Minister's premature announcement of the Grand Bahama Power Company's acquisition, stating that no final agreement has been reached despite a signed memorandum of understanding. Emera's president and CEO, Dave McGregor, informed employees that discussions with the Bahamian government are ongoing and that the company had preferred to finalize the deal before public disclosure. The Prime Minister had announced the government's intention to acquire Grand Bahama Power Company, an historic move for the Bahamian government."], ["20260128", "Canadian Pacific Kansas City Ltd. (CPKC) CEO Keith Creel stated that the ongoing tariff war initiated by the United States has cost the company $200 million over the past year. Despite this financial hit and uncertainties surrounding the North American free trade pact (USMCA), Creel remains optimistic about its renegotiation, viewing it as crucial for mutual success and a rebalancing of trade. He also expressed strong opposition to a proposed US$85-billion merger between Union Pacific Corp. and Norfolk Southern Corp., warning of severe competitive damage and national economic vulnerability."], ["20260128", "Gaming and Leisure Properties (GLPI) has released the federal income tax treatment for its 2025 shareholder distributions, totaling $3.10 per share. The majority of this distribution, just over $3.00 per share, is classified as ordinary dividends, with a smaller portion as capital gains and approximately $0.097 per share as nondividend distributions (return of capital). The company advises shareholders to consult their tax advisors as federal tax laws and state/local treatments can vary."], ["20260128", "ICL has finalized a binding agreement with Israel, valuing assets at $2.54 billion and ensuring downstream supply until 2035. The agreement also outlines a new concession tender process to begin in 2026, with national security considerations potentially limiting foreign bidders. This update is based on an investor update from ICL Group Ltd. [ICL] on January 28, 2026."], ["20260128", "CGI's first-quarter performance was in line with expectations, showing 3% constant-currency revenue growth and a 15% operating margin. While US federal revenue declined due to a 2025 government shutdown, strong European performance helped to offset this. The report suggests government-related headwinds may affect CGI's near-term results, but the overall outlook remains positive."], ["20260128", "Deutsche Bank's headquarters in Frankfurt and an office in Berlin were raided by police and prosecutors as part of a money laundering investigation, suspected to be linked to previous dealings with foreign companies, including those tied to Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich. Concurrently, the German government lowered its 2026 economic growth forecast to 1%, citing slower than expected stimulus from economic policies. The article also covers Germany's observance of International Holocaust Remembrance Day, a fire at a Jewish Hospital in Berlin, a major heroin bust at Hamburg port, and Champions League football updates."], ["20260128", "Emirates Global Aluminum (EGA) and Century Aluminum Company have announced a joint agreement to construct the first new primary aluminum production plant in the United States since 1980. This facility will be located in Inola, Oklahoma, and is projected to produce approximately 750,000 tons of aluminum annually, making it the largest primary aluminum plant in the country. The project aims to bolster domestic aluminum production, create jobs, and foster economic growth in the region, with construction anticipated to begin by the end of 2026 and production by the end of the decade."], ["20260128", "AbbVie announced a voluntary agreement with the Trump administration, pledging $100 billion over the next decade for U.S.-based R&D and capital investments to improve healthcare access and affordability. The company also committed to offering low prices in Medicaid to enhance patient access to medications. The article includes analyst ratings and price targets for ABBV, highlighting a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus despite a recent downgrade from Citi."], ["20260128", "EastGroup Properties, Inc. announced the income tax treatment of its 2025 distributions, detailing total distributions per share, ordinary dividends, and other components for tax purposes. Shareholders are advised to consult their personal tax advisors regarding the specific tax treatment of these distributions. The company also provided details on the definitions of various dividend classifications and its operational focus as an equity REIT."], ["20260128", "ArcelorMittal Kryvyi Rih, Ukraine's largest steelmaker, announced it would close a key facility due to the EU's Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) and increased electricity prices. The EU's CBAM, which took full effect on January 1st without exemptions for Ukraine, is causing significant economic impact, with projections of billions in GDP losses for Ukraine, despite the EU calling Ukraine's resistance a defense of European values. Ukrainian officials and business associations are urging the government to negotiate a deferral, arguing that the country faces the same decarbonization requirements as EU members but lacks the substantial funding provided to European producers."], ["20260128", "Taiwan's Ministry of Economic Affairs (MOEA) has approved Nvidia's application to invest NT$3.3 billion (US$105 million) in a new headquarters in Taipei. This approval comes just before Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang's scheduled visit to Taiwan to attend a year-end banquet and meet with Taiwanese tech leaders. The Taipei City Government has also taken steps to facilitate Nvidia's headquarters development by combining land lots and changing land use to provide a larger area."], ["20260128", "Amazon is set to open its largest retail store in the Chicago suburbs, specifically in Orland Park, after securing approval from the village board. The 230,000-square-foot store will sell groceries and household items, and is expected to create 500 permanent jobs. This move signifies Amazon's renewed focus on physical retail, aiming to balance its online and in-person shopping presence."], ["20260128", "L3Harris Technologies (LHX) is set to release its fourth-quarter 2025 earnings on January 29, with estimates predicting a 5% revenue increase to $5.80 billion and a 20.5% earnings decrease to $2.76 per share. The company is expected to benefit from strong defense modernization demand and international sales, particularly in communication and ISR solutions. However, potential impacts from U.S. government budget uncertainties might affect the results, though Zacks' model predicts an earnings beat."], ["20260128", "Wells Fargo analyst Shahriar Pourreza lowered the price target for Constellation Energy Corporation (CEG) from $478 to $460 but maintained an 'Overweight' rating, indicating a potential 59% upside. The company, a major clean energy producer and nuclear operator, is seen as a key player in the AI boom despite a recent setback from an agreement addressing escalating electricity prices. The stock previously performed well in 2025, but the article suggests other AI stocks might offer greater upside with less risk."], ["20260128", "Private prison companies like GEO Group and CoreCivic are experiencing a boom in profits due to the Trump administration's increased immigration crackdown. These companies sign contracts with ICE that include \"guaranteed minimums,\" leading to advocacy for policies that increase detention numbers. Critics argue this system allows for an impenetrable lack of transparency and an \"unethical, immoral governance\" alliance with businesses profiting from human liberties."], ["20260128", "Centene Corp. (NYSE:CNC) saw a 10.26 percent drop in its stock price after the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) announced nearly flat funding for Medicare Advantage in 2027, projecting only a 0.09 percent increase in net average payment. This decision, along with proposed tighter risk-adjustment rules, negatively impacted several listed insurers, including Centene, which is heavily reliant on government-sponsored programs. Investors are now awaiting Centene's Q4 and full-year 2025 earnings release on February 6, 2026, and the company's future outlook."], ["20260128", "Elevance Health (ELV) is facing a critical period in 2026 due to regulatory pressures, particularly concerning Medicaid and Medicare Advantage, and increased medical costs. Despite its transformation into a diversified health services company with its Carelon brand driving growth, the company released conservative 2026 EPS guidance, causing investor concern. Investors are closely watching for stabilization in the Medical Loss Ratio and potential Medicaid rate adjustments to signal a turnaround for the long-term compounding potential of the stock."], ["20260128", "Elevance Health (ELV) is facing significant challenges in 2026 due to impending regulatory changes, particularly in Medicaid and Medicare Advantage, and rising medical costs. Despite these headwinds and a projected \"reset year\" for earnings, the company is strategically transforming through its high-growth Carelon services arm. Investors are examining whether its long-term compounding potential, driven by vertical integration and brand strength, can overcome the immediate pressures and recent stock volatility."], ["20260128", "Skeena Gold & Silver has received its Environmental Assessment Certificate (EAC) and Federal Impact Assessment Approval for the Eskay Creek Gold-Silver Project in British Columbia. This milestone follows a rigorous assessment process and notable collaboration with the Tahltan Central Government, marking a historic first in Canada through a Section 7 agreement. The company emphasizes its commitment to sustainable mining practices and reconciliation with Indigenous communities."], ["20260128", "Humana Inc. (HUM), a leader in Medicare Advantage, is undergoing significant transformation due to regulatory changes, internal strategic adjustments, and a recent stock price decline. The company is facing challenges from a proposed CMS payment rate for 2027 that fell below expectations and a substantial drop in quality \"Star Ratings.\" Under new CEO Jim Rechtin, Humana is implementing an operational overhaul focusing on \"margin over membership\" and leveraging its CenterWell healthcare services to navigate a turbulent market."], ["20260128", "SK Innovation announced a $2.6 billion asset loss due to the termination of its battery joint venture with Ford Motor Co. in the U.S. Ford will take over two Kentucky plants, while SK On will operate the Tennessee site, aiming for production by 2028. The loss is a one-time impairment, but it alleviates SK's debt by transferring assets and liabilities of the Kentucky operation to Ford."], ["20260128", "Ally Financial Inc. has appointed Rodney Hood, a distinguished financial services executive and former regulator, as a senior policy advisor to the CEO. Hood brings extensive experience from his leadership roles in banking, regulation, and financial inclusion, including serving as Acting Comptroller of the Currency and Chairman of the National Credit Union Administration. In his new role, he will provide counsel on political affairs and D.C. engagement to strengthen Ally's voice in critical policy discussions and support its mission of financial well-being."], ["20260128", "Donald Trump has filed a $5 billion lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase, alleging his accounts were closed for political reasons after the January 6 Capitol riot. JPMorgan Chase denies these claims, stating account closures are based on legal or regulatory risks, not political views. The article delves into federal banking regulations and a Cato Institute study which suggests that most debanking cases are driven by governmental pressure on banks rather than direct political or religious discrimination."], ["20260128", "Braemar Hotels and Resorts Inc. has released the 2025 tax reporting information for its common and preferred share distributions. These distributions, classified entirely as a return of capital, offer crucial clarity for investors in the hospitality sector. The announcement underscores Braemar's strategic focus on high-performance luxury properties and its role in the growing luxury tourism market."], ["20260128", "Popular Inc. and First BanCorp, Puerto Rico's two largest locally based banking companies, reported strong profits for 2025. Popular Inc. recorded a net income of $833.2 million, a 36% increase from the previous year, while First BanCorp saw its net income reach $344.9 million, surpassing $1 billion in total revenues. Both companies attributed their success to higher net interest income, cost controls, and strategic balance sheet management, with executives also commenting on tax policy and the independence of the U.S. Federal Reserve."], ["20260128", "ICL Group Ltd (NYSE:ICL) has signed a binding asset agreement with the State of Israel for $2.54 billion, following a memorandum of understanding from November 2025. This agreement involves the transfer of ownership of concession assets to the State of Israel. The company believes this will remove significant uncertainty regarding its concession termination in 2030 and does not expect a material impact on its financial results."], ["20260128", "Nvidia (NVDA) faces headwinds from U.S.-China trade relations but maintains dominance as an AI chipmaker with strong profitability. Despite a recent stall in momentum and market volatility, its focus on U.S. AI infrastructure investments and robust data center demand position it for continued growth. Analysts have a consensus one-year price target of $253.19, while 24/7 Wall St. predicts a year-end 2026 price target of $300.14."], ["20260128", "President Javier Milei's administration has overseen a pipeline project that awarded a contract to an Indian firm, Welspun Living Ltd., over local giant Tenaris SA, led by billionaire Paolo Rocca. Welspun's bid was 40% cheaper, reflecting Milei's free-market approach to opening up Argentina's economy. This decision has sparked controversy, with Tenaris considering an anti-dumping claim and prompting a strong defense from Milei's economic team, who argue against giving preferential treatment that could stifle competition."], ["20260128", "L3Harris Technologies, Inc. (LHX) is expected to benefit from increasing global defense and missile spending. UBS reiterated a Neutral rating with a $323 price target, citing a $1 billion Department of Defense investment in its missile solutions business and a planned IPO. Bernstein also maintained an Outperform rating with a $398 price target, anticipating further investment in the solid rocket motor business as the company retains a majority stake in its Missile Solutions segment."], ["20260128", "Textron Inc. (NYSE: TXT) has secured a $163.4 million contract under the Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative to provide 65 Mobile Strike Force Vehicle MSFV Commando Select vehicles and one year of spare parts to strengthen Ukraine\u2019s military. This contract highlights the company's role in the defense sector, benefiting from increased geopolitical spending. Analysts at Jefferies recently raised Textron's price target to $115 from $95, reiterating a Buy rating and expressing confidence in the company's financial performance."], ["20260128", "General Dynamics Corporation (GD) has secured a significant $988 million contract for the US Navy's C5ISR systems, focusing on modernizing fleet systems and enhancing operational effectiveness. This contract contributes to GD's strength in the aerospace and defense sector, further supported by a reiterated Neutral rating and a $381 price target from UBS. The company continues to advance its position in military equipment manufacturing, IT solutions, and luxury jet production amidst increasing geopolitical spending."], ["20260128", "Israel has placed a multi-year order worth over NIS 570 million ($184 million) with Elbit Systems for air-delivered weapons, including Mk-84 general-purpose bombs. This procurement by the Defense Procurement Directorate aims to support immediate needs and long-term force build-up, while also strengthening domestic defense production. The agreement is part of a broader effort to enhance Israel's manufacturing independence and address potential supply chain disruptions from international providers."], ["20260128", "Defense giants RTX and Northrop Grumman have affirmed their commitment to paying dividends despite former President Trump's strong criticism of defense contractors' financial practices. Both companies highlighted their plans for increased capital expenditures in 2026 to boost production capacity and meet the Department of Defense's demands for faster delivery and greater investment in the industrial base. This comes after Trump's executive order on January 7th aimed at addressing \"underperforming\" defense firms."], ["20260128", "Centene (CNC) shares are falling sharply after federal regulators announced a nearly flat 0.09% payment increase for 2027 Medicare Advantage plans, significantly below Wall Street's expectations. This news, combined with elevated medical care ratios reported by UnitedHealth, creates bearish pressure for Centene, which has significant exposure to government-sponsored health programs and relies heavily on risk-adjusted payments. The company's stock is experiencing mixed momentum, with short-term strength but a long-term decline of 33.46% over the past year."], ["20260128", "Maximus, a government technology supplier, has launched an AI-backed tool called \"Accuracy Assistant\" to help states reduce costly errors in Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) applications. This development comes as states face federal budget cuts to SNAP and increased pressure to ensure program integrity. The tool uses predictive analytics to identify data inconsistencies and potential inaccuracies, aiming to prevent payment errors that could lead to states covering a higher share of SNAP costs."], ["20260128", "The Hartford (HIG) is scheduled to report its Q4 earnings on Thursday. Analysts expect a revenue decline of 28.8% year-on-year to $4.90 billion, with adjusted earnings projected at $3.22 per share. Despite some peers showing solid performance, the insurance sector has generally underperformed, and Hartford is heading into earnings with a stock down 6.1% over the last month."], ["20260128", "The U.S. government is expanding its support for domestic rare earth producers by investing heavily in USA Rare Earth, creating a state-backed competitor for MP Materials. While MP Materials previously benefited from strong government ties, investors now face a more complex landscape where policy decisions could impact contract wins and pricing power due to the government's strategy of diversifying suppliers. This shift highlights the ongoing national security importance of rare earths and the potential for increased competition within the sector."], ["20260128", "Chatham Lodging Trust has released the tax characterization of its 2025 dividends for both common and preferred shares, detailing the breakdown of taxable ordinary income, unrecapitalized Section 1250 gain, and Section 199A dividends. The company advises shareholders that this information is preliminary and encourages them to consult tax advisors for personal tax planning. This announcement is crucial for registered holders and those holding shares in \"street name\" for federal income tax reporting purposes."], ["20260128", "Kilroy Realty Corporation has announced the 2025 tax treatment of its dividend distributions. The article also briefly mentions Unity Software's fourth-quarter financial results, reporting revenue of $609 million and a quarterly loss of 66 cents per share. Details about the tax treatment from Kilroy Realty are not provided in the snippet, only the announcement title."], ["20260128", "General Motors (GM) is projecting \"significantly\" lower EV volume in 2026 after facing substantial EV-related charges totaling over $7 billion in 2025 due to contract cancellations and discontinued production of the BrightDrop van. Despite these setbacks and a 55% drop in net income for 2025, GM still believes in EVs and has raised its 2026 profit guidance based on increased ICE truck and SUV sales. The company attributes its EV adjustments in part to policy changes in the US, including the elimination of the federal tax credit."], ["20260128", "Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) is divesting its Mexican subsidiary, Landstar Metro, due to its failure to meet strategic goals and to mitigate exposure to international trade volatility, particularly geopolitical risks and potential U.S.-Mexico tariffs. This move follows a broader strategic review and comes as the company aims to streamline its portfolio. Despite these challenges, Landstar maintains a strong financial position with $452 million in cash and short-term investments."], ["20260128", "DXP Enterprises (DXPE) is experiencing market volatility due to U.S. trade tensions, while anticipating an earnings report that suggests lower EPS but higher revenue. The company operates as a cyclical, acquisition-driven distributor with significant debt, and its investment narrative is influenced by consistent execution, acquisition activities, and pricing/cost pressures. Investors are advised to consider various perspectives on its valuation and potential risks associated with leverage."], ["20260128", "Whitestone REIT has released the federal income tax treatment for its 2025 cash distributions to common shareholders, which will be reported on Form 1099-DIV. The announcement details the breakdown of distributions into ordinary dividends, total capital gain distribution, and Section 199A dividends for each month of 2025. Shareholders are advised to consult their personal tax advisors for specific tax treatment."], ["20260128", "In 2025, Lockheed Martin's F-35 Lightning II program achieved a record 191 deliveries, marking a significant production milestone despite its history of delays and scrutiny. However, behind these impressive figures, the F-35 continues to face persistent operational challenges, including low mission-capable rates and complex sustainment issues, which affect its availability among global operators. The article explores how the F-35 remains a popular choice for many nations due to its advanced capabilities, yet its inherent complexity and a centralized logistics system hinder its full operational potential, necessitating continued investment in infrastructure and software stability."], ["20260128", "CubeSmart has released the tax allocations for its 2025 cash distributions, totaling $2.08 per common share. The self-storage REIT classified $1.836104 per share as ordinary dividend income and $0.243896 per share as a Section 199A dividend, with no capital gains reported. This information is provided to assist shareholders and tax professionals with their federal income tax returns."], ["20260128", "Churchill Downs' Oxford Casino Hotel has filed a lawsuit against the state of Maine to block a new law that grants iGaming rights exclusively to tribal nations. The casino argues the law, dubbed \"The Monopoly Law,\" violates state and U.S. constitutions and will cause significant economic harm, including job losses and lost wages. Churchill Downs, a member of an anti-iGaming group, also states that if iGaming is legal in Maine, it should be open to commercial casinos, not just tribes."], ["20260128", "Elevance Health's stock dropped significantly after a Medicare Advantage rate proposal from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) projected a lower-than-expected payment increase for 2027. This proposal, coming right before earnings season, has raised concerns among investors and analysts about the impact on insurers' margins and their ability to maintain benefits. Elevance Health is set to report earnings, with investors closely watching for management's outlook on Medicare Advantage pricing and medical cost trends amidst this policy uncertainty."], ["20260128", "The trial has begun for former FirstEnergy CEO Chuck Jones and senior vice president Mike Dowling, who are accused of bribing former PUCO Chairman Sam Randazzo with a $4.3 million payment. This case is part of Ohio's largest corruption scandal, focusing on whether the payment was a bribe to influence regulatory decisions benefiting FirstEnergy. Prosecutors allege Randazzo used his position to help secure a $1.3 billion bailout for FirstEnergy Solutions\u2019 nuclear plants, tying into a larger conspiracy that saw ex-Ohio House Speaker Larry Householder sentenced to prison."], ["20260127", "The U.S. government announced 15 new drugs targeted for Medicare price negotiations for 2028, including treatments from Gilead Sciences, Pfizer, Eli Lilly, and AbbVie. This is the third round of negotiations under the Inflation Reduction Act, aiming to reduce drug costs for Medicare beneficiaries. Despite industry opposition, analysts predict manageable impacts and the Medicare program anticipates significant savings from these negotiations."], ["20260127", "Elevance Health stock dropped 14% after the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) announced a nearly flat 2027 Medicare Advantage payment update, causing a significant sell-off across managed-care stocks. The proposed 0.09% average payment increase, or 2.54% factoring in risk-score trends, is seen as insufficient by analysts given rising medical costs. Elevance Health is set to release its Q4 and full-year 2025 results soon, with investors scrutinizing the implications of these new federal payment rules."], ["20260127", "W. P. Carey Inc. (NYSE: WPC) has announced the detailed income tax treatment of its 2025 dividends, as reported on Form 1099-DIV. The announcement includes a table breaking down distributions per share into categories such as ordinary dividends, capital gain distributions, and qualified dividends for various record and payment dates throughout 2025 and into early 2026. Stockholders are advised to consult their personal tax advisors for specific tax guidance regarding these dividends."], ["20260127", "Brandywine Realty Trust has released the tax characteristics for its 2025 distributions, providing shareholders with crucial information for tax planning. These distributions may be categorized as ordinary income, capital gains, or return of capital. This annual disclosure is a standard compliance measure for the REIT, which owns and manages office and mixed-use properties across the US, ensuring transparency for its investors."], ["20260127", "The U.S. Treasury canceled 31 contracts with Booz Allen Hamilton, totaling $21 million in obligations, due to the company's failure to protect sensitive taxpayer data which was leaked by a former employee. This action by Secretary Scott Bessent aims to increase oversight of government contractors and restore public trust. Despite the financial hit being a small fraction of Booz Allen's total revenue, the news caused an 8.12% drop in its stock price, reflecting market concerns over governance and data security, while analysts maintain varying outlooks for the company's future."], ["20260127", "Managed care stocks experienced a significant downturn after the Trump administration proposed a near-flat Medicare Advantage rate increase for 2027, which was far below analyst expectations. Companies like UnitedHealth Group, Humana, and CVS Health saw their share prices plummet. This unexpected proposal contrasts sharply with the substantial 2026 rate increase and shifts the healthcare sector's focus from pharmaceutical pricing to managed care organizations."], ["20260127", "General Motors' CEO Mary Barra shared a letter to shareholders highlighting an \"exceptional 2025\" with strong financial performance, including a 54% total return for investors, and anticipated continued growth in 2026. The company achieved its highest U.S. market share since 2015, saw record subscriber growth for OnStar and Super Cruise, and increased its dividend by 20% while authorizing a new $6 billion share repurchase program. GM also plans to increase U.S. production and remains confident in its path to EV profitability."], ["20260127", "Simplify Asset Management has launched the Simplify Chinese Commodities Strategy No K-1 ETF (CCOM), offering U.S. investors exposure to Chinese commodity markets without the usual tax complexities. This ETF utilizes a systematic long/short managed futures strategy focused on Chinese exchanges, aiming to provide diversification benefits for portfolios. It bypasses K-1 forms, making tax reporting simpler for investors."], ["20260127", "Molina Healthcare (MOH) stock fell significantly after the U.S. government proposed a much smaller-than-anticipated increase in payments for private Medicare Advantage plans for 2027. The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) outlined a net payment increase of only 0.09%, far below Wall Street's expectation of 4-6%, raising concerns about future profitability for insurers. This news triggered a broad sell-off across the health insurance sector, impacting Molina and its peers, following a previous drop due to missed earnings and a cut in its full-year profit forecast three months prior."], ["20260127", "Illinois American Water has filed a request with the Illinois Commerce Commission (ICC) for new rates to support approximately $577 million in water and wastewater system investments from January 2026 through December 2027. These investments aim to modernize and strengthen systems across Illinois, improving water quality and reliability for over 1.3 million people. If approved, typical residential water customers could see an increase of about $14 per month, with a proposed discount for low-consumption water users to enhance affordability."], ["20260127", "Argentina has refused a hedge fund's request to disclose the location and movements of its Central Bank's gold reserves in a New York lawsuit concerning the YPF expropriation. The country argues that the Central Bank is an autonomous institution and not an \"alter ego\" of the government, while Burford Capital seeks the information as partial payment for a US$16.1 billion judgment. Argentina maintains that the Central Bank publicly reports its gold reserves and offered a compromise to request information from the bank and other institutions."], ["20260127", "Selective Insurance Group (NASDAQ: SIGI) is set to release its earnings this Thursday after market close. Analysts anticipate an 8.5% year-on-year revenue growth to $1.36 billion and adjusted earnings of $2.18 per share. The company has missed Wall Street's revenue estimates multiple times in the past two years, and the property & casualty insurance sector has generally underperformed recently."], ["20260127", "Selective Insurance Group (SIGI) is set to announce its earnings results, with analysts expecting an 8.5% year-on-year revenue increase to $1.36 billion and adjusted earnings of $2.18 per share. The company has missed Wall Street's revenue estimates multiple times in the past two years, and its stock has underperformed the property & casualty insurance segment recently. Selective Insurance Group is heading into earnings with an average analyst price target of $83.71, slightly above its current share price."], ["20260127", "Braemar Hotels & Resorts Inc (BHR) has released its tax reporting information for 2025 dividends, applicable to common and Series B, D, E, M preferred shares. Dividends paid in 2025 are reportable for that year, while those paid on January 15, 2026, are reportable in 2026. Shareholders are advised to consult tax advisors and can find Form 8937 on the company's website for detailed tax information."], ["20260127", "Health-insurance stocks, including Humana, UnitedHealth, and CVS, experienced a significant drop on Tuesday. This decline followed the Trump administration's proposal to maintain Medicare rates at approximately the same level for the upcoming year, surprising investors who may have anticipated increases."], ["20260127", "Ashford Hospitality Trust Inc. announced tax reporting details for its 2025 preferred dividends across several series of shares (D, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, and M). Distributions paid on January 15, 2025, are taxable in 2025, with all distributions classified as return of capital. Form 8937 will be available on the company's website for further details."], ["20260127", "Alliance Resource Partners, L.P. (ARLP) announced a quarterly cash distribution of $0.60 per unit for the quarter ended December 31, 2025, payable on February 13, 2026, to unitholders of record as of February 6, 2026. The company will report its financial results for the 2025 quarter on February 2, 2026, and will hold a conference call to discuss these results. ARLP also provided guidance to brokers regarding federal income tax withholding for non-U.S. investors on these distributions."], ["20260127", "General Motors announced plans to buy back up to $6 billion worth of its stock and forecast a substantial rise in profits for 2026, driven by sales of gas-powered vehicles. This optimistic outlook, despite a decline in 2025 earnings due to a pull-back in EV production, led to an increase in G.M.'s stock price. The company expects electric vehicle losses to decrease in 2026 and highlighted a regulatory environment that supports demand for internal-combustion vehicles."], ["20260127", "APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES INC (AIT) has released its Q3 Form 10-Q report, detailing strong financial and operational performance. The company reported an 8.4% increase in net sales to $1,163.0 million, driven by strategic acquisitions and effective operations, leading to a 5.0% increase in diluted net income per share to $2.51. The report highlights growth across segments, with a future outlook anticipating changes in tax rates and potential increases in interest expenses due to cash flow hedge maturity."], ["20260127", "Lineage, Inc. (NASDAQ: LINE) has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 distributions, detailing the breakdown of cash distributions, ordinary dividends, return of capital, qualified dividends, and Section 199A dividends for each quarter. The company also clarified that the fourth-quarter 2025 dividend, paid in 2026, will be included in 2026 distributions and not on the 2025 Form 1099-DIV, and advises stockholders to consult a tax advisor for personalized guidance."], ["20260127", "Intuit (INTU) stock price dropped by 2.9% on Tuesday, coinciding with the start of the U.S. tax season and a new filing revealing changes to non-employee director compensation. The market reaction is also set against the backdrop of the Federal Reserve's policy meeting and a mixed broader market. Despite product updates and integration deals for QuickBooks, investor focus remains on broader economic factors and the efficiency of the tax season for Intuit's consumer segment."], ["20260127", "Skeena Gold & Silver has secured an environmental assessment certificate from the Province of British Columbia to restart mining at its Eskay Creek gold-silver project. This decision, approved under the Federal Impact Assessment Act, is a result of a collaborative assessment with the Tahltan Central Government, marking a historic first for consent-based decision-making with Indigenous nations in Canada. The project is expected to create over 1,700 jobs and generate substantial capital expenditure and provincial revenues, with mining operations projected to run for 12 years."], ["20260127", "Northrop Grumman Corp released its 2025 Form 10-K report, detailing a 2% increase in total sales to $41,954 million and a 3% rise in diluted EPS to $29.08. The report highlights strong performance in Aeronautics, Defense, and Mission Systems, a significant backlog of $95.7 billion, and strategic divestment of its Immersive Mission Solutions unit. The company anticipates continued growth driven by its capabilities in space, C4ISR, air and missile defense, while navigating industry, operational, and regulatory risks."], ["20260127", "Illinois American Water has filed a rate request with the Illinois Commerce Commission to support approximately $577 million in water and wastewater infrastructure investments from January 2026 through December 2027. If approved, typical residential water customers would see an increase of about $14 per month, and wastewater customers about $28 per month, starting in January 2027. The proposal includes a discounted allowance for the first 2,000 gallons of water to improve affordability for low-consumption customers."], ["20260127", "CVS Health (CVS) shares plummeted nearly 14% after the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) proposed a much lower-than-expected 0.09% payment rate increase for Medicare Advantage plans in 2027. This proposal, falling significantly short of anticipated increases, raised concerns about future revenue for healthcare insurers throughout the sector, causing rivals like Humana and UnitedHealth Group to also fall. Despite the sharp drop, the article suggests that such significant price drops can occasionally present buying opportunities for high-quality stocks."], ["20260127", "National Storage Affiliates Trust (NYSE: NSA) has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 distributions for common shareholders, Series A Preferred Shares, and Series B Preferred Shares. The company provided detailed tables outlining the classification of these distributions on Form 1099-DIV, including ordinary dividends, capital gain distributions, unrecaptured Section 1250 gain, and nondividend distributions. NSA also noted that the ordinary dividends are \"qualified REIT dividends\" for Section 199A and capital gains are Section 897 capital gains, advising shareholders to consult tax advisors for specific guidance."], ["20260127", "New York Attorney General Letitia James has secured nearly $560,000 from Dollar Tree Stores Inc. after an investigation revealed the chain sold lead-contaminated children's food despite receiving a recall notification. The settlement funds will support lead poisoning prevention and response efforts, and Dollar Tree must overhaul its recall policies to ensure dangerous products are removed promptly from shelves. Dozens of children reportedly suffered elevated blood lead levels linked to the recalled WanaBana-brand cinnamon applesauce pouches."], ["20260127", "Major insurance stocks, including UnitedHealth, Humana, CVS Health, and Elevance Health, experienced significant declines after The Wall Street Journal reported that the Trump administration is proposing roughly flat rates for Medicare insurers next year, which is less than Wall Street anticipated. UnitedHealth, the largest Medicare insurer, also reported substantial quarterly charges and a soft revenue outlook."], ["20260127", "PACCAR Inc reported a significant drop in Q4 2025 earnings and revenues compared to Q4 2024, causing its shares to fall. CEO Preston Feight indicated that the company's North American manufacturing locations are strategically positioned to mitigate the impact of the Trump administration's 25% tariff on imported heavy trucks."], ["20260127", "A $4 billion aluminum smelter project in Inola, Oklahoma, initially proposed by Emirates Global Aluminium (EGA), has transformed into a joint venture with Century Aluminum Company. EGA will own 60% and Century Aluminum 40% of the facility, which aims to be the first new primary aluminum production plant in the U.S. since 1980, producing 750,000 tons annually and significantly boosting domestic output. The project has received federal support and state incentives, with construction expected to start by year-end, positioning northeast Oklahoma as a major aluminum manufacturing hub."], ["20260127", "Humana's stock plummeted over 20% after the Trump administration proposed a near-zero (0.09%) increase in Medicare Advantage payment rates for 2027, far below the expected 4-6%. This unexpected regulatory change significantly impacted Humana and other major health insurers like UnitedHealth Group, CVS Health, and Elevance Health, triggering a sector-wide selloff due to concerns over tighter margins and regulatory uncertainty. Despite the market reaction, Humana's underlying financial health is noted as robust, with strong revenue growth and healthy valuation metrics, though the regulatory shift introduces significant risk."], ["20260127", "PG&E is committing $50 million in 2026 to help customers pay overdue energy bills through its REACH and Match My Payment programs, which could provide eligible customers with up to $1,800 in combined bill credits. The company is increasing the maximum REACH bill credit from $300 to $800 and also offers the Match My Payment program which matches eligible payments dollar-for-dollar up to $1,000. This initiative follows a 5% cut in residential electric rates and reinforces PG&E's commitment to stabilizing energy costs and assisting customers in need."], ["20260127", "Jim Cramer commented on Goldman Sachs (GS) and former President Trump's proposal to cap credit card interest rates. Cramer highlighted the potential negative impact of such a cap on Goldman Sachs's consumer business, especially its Apple Card partnership, and suggested that exiting the consumer lending sector might be a strategic move for the bank. He noted that the news could be positive for Goldman Sachs' stock if it signals an exit from a less profitable business segment."], ["20260127", "Redwire's stock surged 29% after the company joined an up to $151 billion Defense Department contract for President Donald Trump's 'Golden Dome' initiative. This project is a missile defense system intended to revamp and modernize the U.S. military, with initial cost estimates at $175 billion and potential long-term costs exceeding $500 billion. Other notable companies involved in the contract include Palantir, Firefly Aerospace, Lockheed Martin, and Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin."], ["20260127", "Donald Trump is suing JPMorgan Chase for $5 billion, alleging the bank closed his accounts for political reasons following the January 6, 2021, Capitol attack. This lawsuit highlights broader concerns about \"debanking\" in the US, where individuals and organizations across various industries and religious or ethnic groups have faced denied access to financial services due to \"reputational risk.\" While Trump claims conservatives are targeted, data suggests Muslim Americans, Armenian Americans, and those in industries like adult entertainment, cannabis, and cryptocurrency are more frequently affected."], ["20260127", "Centene (CNC) shares fell over 10% after the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) proposed a significantly lower-than-expected payment rate increase of 0.09% for 2027 Medicare Advantage plans, far below the anticipated 4-6%. This news triggered a broad sell-off across the health insurance sector due to concerns about future profitability for government-sponsored health plan providers. The proposal also included potential restrictions on insurers' coding practices, further impacting market perception."], ["20260127", "Maximus (NYSE: MMS) has launched Accuracy Assistant, an AI-powered solution designed to help states reduce errors in their Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) applications. This tool uses predictive analytics and intelligent automation to identify data inconsistencies and potential errors before benefits are issued. The initiative is particularly timely as federal changes will require states to fund a portion of SNAP benefits based on their payment error rates starting in October 2027."], ["20260127", "Madrigal Pharmaceuticals (MDGL) is under investor scrutiny due to increased lobbying regarding US drug pricing policies and recent insider share sales by executives. Despite the company's stock seeing significant returns over the past year and five years, these developments introduce new non-financial factors for investors to consider regarding the company's valuation and future economics. Simply Wall St's analysis suggests the shares are undervalued, trading below analyst targets and estimated fair value, but recent insider selling is noted as a minor risk."], ["20260127", "Ally Financial has appointed Rodney Hood, former acting comptroller of the OCC and chair of the NCUA, as a senior policy adviser to CEO Michael Rhodes. Hood will provide counsel on political affairs and D.C. engagement, leveraging his extensive experience in banking and regulation. This appointment aims to strengthen Ally's voice in critical policy discussions and support its mission of financial well-being."], ["20260127", "Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc. announced the tax treatment for its common and preferred stock dividends declared in 2025. The company has clarified the federal income tax classification, noting that no portion of the 2025 dividends consists of excess inclusion income. Stockholders are advised to consult their tax advisors and review their brokerage statements for specific reporting details."], ["20260127", "LXP Industrial Trust has announced its final 2025 dividend income allocations for both common and preferred shares, as will be reported on Form 1099-DIV. The announcement includes detailed tables for common shares and Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, outlining total distributions, ordinary dividends, capital gain distributions, and nondividend distributions for each quarter of 2025. The company specializes in Class A warehouse and distribution real estate investments."], ["20260127", "Despite looming concerns over a government shutdown and former President Trump's threat of tariffs on Canadian imports, both the S&P 500 ETF (SPY) and the Nasdaq 100 ETF (QQQ) concluded Monday's trading session with gains. The market also reacted to strong U.S. durable goods orders for November, which exceeded expectations, alongside anticipations for the upcoming Federal Open Market Committee meeting. The positive market performance suggests investors are looking past immediate political and trade uncertainties."], ["20260127", "General Motors aims to become the top U.S. vehicle assembler, targeting 2 million units annually, surpassing Ford. This push for increased domestic production comes as GM anticipates facing between $3 billion and $4 billion in tariff costs this year, similar to last year's $3.1 billion, with potential for higher costs depending on tariffs from South Korea. GM CEO Mary Barra expressed hope for a new U.S.-South Korea trade deal to stabilize tariff rates."], ["20260127", "CVS Health's stock gapped down by about 11.5% after Bank of America lowered its price target from $100 to $95, while maintaining a \"Buy\" rating. This downturn was primarily driven by the administration's proposal for near-flat Medicare Advantage rates and a House Judiciary antitrust probe into the company's pharmacy practices. Despite the negative sentiment, analyst consensus remains a \"Moderate Buy\" with an average target of $94.86, and CVS reported a quarterly earnings beat with strong FY2025 guidance."], ["20260127", "Salesforce Inc. has secured a 10-year, $5.6 billion Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract with the US Army, executed through its subsidiary Computable Insights. This agreement aims to provide technology and data solutions to the Department of War, leveraging Salesforce\u2019s cloud-based CRM and data management tools through its Missionforce National Security program. The contract is expected to accelerate procurement, reduce costs, and improve operational efficiency for the Army, integrating disparate data sources into a unified platform."], ["20260127", "Five Star Bancorp (NASDAQ: FSBC) reported a significant increase in its fourth-quarter and full-year 2025 profits, with net income rising to $17.6 million for Q4 and $61.6 million for the full year. The company expanded its operations, including opening a new branch and increasing Business Development Officers, and declared a cash dividend of $0.25 per share. Management will focus on expense management and conservative underwriting in 2026."], ["20260127", "Telehealth stocks, particularly Teladoc Health and Doximity, are predicted to face challenges in 2026 due to impending changes in Medicare reimbursement policies. As of January 31, Medicare will largely restrict coverage for at-home telehealth services in non-rural areas, significantly impacting demand. While Teladoc Health, a pure-play telehealth company, is expected to be severely affected, Doximity, with its broader platform for physicians, might fare slightly better but still faces issues with slowing growth and market saturation."], ["20260127", "The trial for former FirstEnergy CEO Chuck Jones and senior vice president Mike Dowling has begun, seven years after they allegedly paid $4.3 million to Ohio's soon-to-be top utility regulator, Sam Randazzo. Prosecutors claim the payment was a bribe to influence regulatory decisions and secure a $1.3 billion bailout for FirstEnergy Solutions' nuclear plants. The defense maintains the money was a legitimate termination payment, and the trial is expected to uncover new evidence, including an alleged attempt by Jones to have a colleague lie to investigators."], ["20260127", "Centene (CNC) stock dropped sharply after federal regulators announced a nearly flat payment increase for Medicare Advantage in 2027, far below Wall Street expectations. This news, combined with tighter risk-adjustment rules proposed by CMS, particularly impacts Centene due to its high concentration in government-sponsored health programs and a member base of medically complex patients. The sector's anxiety was further exacerbated by UnitedHealth Group's elevated medical care ratios and lower revenue outlook."], ["20260127", "His Highness Sheikh Hazza bin Zayed Al Nahyan witnessed an agreement between the Abu Dhabi Investment Office (ADIO) and State Street Corporation to establish a new operations centre in Al Ain, creating over 300 jobs. This initiative is part of Abu Dhabi's strategy to attract high-value investments and develop a knowledge-based economy, with State Street also committing to collaborate with local universities for talent development. The expansion reinforces Abu Dhabi's role as a growing global financial hub and is projected to contribute significantly to the emirate's GDP."], ["20260127", "Bank of America (BAC) has underperformed the broader market, gaining 11.8% over the past year compared to the S&P 500\u2019s 13.9% rally, and is down 5.4% year-to-date. This underperformance is attributed to sector-wide concerns about a proposed 10% cap on credit card interest rates. Despite this, analysts have a \"Strong Buy\" consensus rating for BAC, with a mean price target of $61.50, suggesting an 18.2% premium from current levels."], ["20260127", "DXP Enterprises (DXPE) is facing volatility due to shifting U.S. trade tensions and upcoming earnings expectations, which project lower EPS but higher revenue. Investors are watching for impacts on the cyclical, acquisition-driven distributor, especially given its reliance on a sizeable term loan structure. Meanwhile, Simply Wall St community members have varying fair value estimates for the stock, emphasizing the divergence of opinions amidst market pressures."], ["20260127", "Patrick Pouyann\u00e9, CEO of TotalEnergies, expects the EU's sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) mandate to be revised or dropped due to high costs, supply limitations, and competitive disadvantages for European airlines. He believes market-based incentives are more effective than fixed quotas for driving SAF adoption. These comments underscore the ongoing industry debate about balancing climate goals with commercial viability and energy security."], ["20260127", "Acumen Pharmaceuticals' Chief Medical Officer and CFO recently sold shares to cover tax obligations from vested restricted stock units, while the company dosed the first participant in the open-label extension of its Phase 2 ALTITUDE-AD trial for sabirnetug in Alzheimer\u2019s disease. This development reinforces the company's focus on clinical execution for its sabirnetug program. The article explores how this trial progress shapes Acumen's investment narrative, noting that insider sales typically appear routine and the critical risks remain clinical, regulatory, and funding-related."], ["20260127", "Corning Incorporated and Meta Platforms, Inc. have announced a multiyear agreement worth up to $6 billion to expedite the construction of advanced data centers in the United States, supporting Meta's AI ambitions. Corning will supply optical fiber, cable, and connectivity solutions, expanding its manufacturing capabilities in North Carolina with Meta as an anchor customer. This partnership aims to strengthen domestic supply chains, create skilled jobs, and reinforce the U.S. lead in AI infrastructure."], ["20260127", "PG&E is committing $50 million in 2026 to help customers pay overdue energy bills through its REACH and Match My Payment programs. The REACH program's bill credit has increased to up to $800, and combined with Match My Payment, eligible customers could receive up to $1,800 in total assistance. This initiative follows a 5% reduction in residential electric rates on January 1, 2026, marking the fourth such decrease in two years."], ["20260127", "Dorchester Minerals, L.P. recently announced a quarterly cash distribution, emphasizing that payouts to non-U.S. unitholders are considered effectively connected income subject to the highest U.S. federal withholding tax rate. This tax implication may reduce the after-tax returns for international investors and affect the global demand for the stock. Despite recent weaker revenue and net income, the company operates on a pass-through royalty model providing regular distributions, but the tax structure adds complexity for non-U.S. income investors."], ["20260127", "The Invesco Aerospace & Defense ETF (PPA) significantly outperformed the S&P 500 (VOO) over the past year due to its concentrated exposure to defense contractors. The strong performance, delivering 44% returns compared to 16% for the S&P 500, is driven by expanding military budgets, increased geopolitical tensions, and proposed defense budget increases like Trump\u2019s $1.5 trillion plan for 2027. Investors should consider the concentration risk and monitor legislative actions and portfolio updates for this growth-oriented ETF."], ["20260127", "The Amsterdam Court of Appeal has ruled that Uber drivers in the Netherlands are independent contractors, not employees. This decision comes after a long dispute with labor unions, which argued that drivers should be classified as employees and thus paid according to the Collective Labor Agreement for Taxi Transport. The court stated that the individual circumstances of Uber drivers vary too widely to classify them all as employees."], ["20260127", "Northrop Grumman reported a higher fourth-quarter profit and revenue, driven by strong sales in its aeronautics business amidst heightened geopolitical tensions. Despite this growth, the company's 2026 sales forecast of US$43.5 billion to $44 billion fell short of Wall Street estimates, leading to a slight dip in premarket trading. Delays in a comprehensive homeland missile defense system initiative also impacted potential sales."], ["20260127", "Global Medical REIT Inc. (GMRE) has published information regarding the federal income tax treatment of its 2025 dividends for both common and Series A preferred stock on its website. The data for common dividends paid in January, April, and July 2025 has been adjusted due to a one-for-five reverse stock split effective September 19, 2025. Stockholders are advised to review their 1099 Forms and consult tax advisors for personal tax consequences."], ["20260127", "Maximus (NYSE: MMS) has launched Accuracy Assistant by Maximus, an AI-powered solution designed to help state governments improve the accuracy of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) benefit issuance. This tool uses predictive analytics and intelligent automation to detect data inconsistencies and flag potential errors before benefits are issued, thereby helping states avoid costly errors and meet upcoming federal mandates. The solution is crucial as states will face financial penalties for payment error rates exceeding 6% starting in October 2027."], ["20260127", "The Trump administration's planned $1.6 billion investment in USA Rare Earth Inc., acquiring a 10% stake and providing significant financing, has spurred a rally in rare earth stocks. This move is a strategic effort to bolster domestic production of critical minerals and reduce dependence on foreign sources, particularly China. MP Materials and other companies in the sector experienced significant gains following the announcement."], ["20260127", "USA Rare Earth (NASDAQ: USAR) shares surged after announcing a non-binding letter of intent with the U.S. government for $1.6 billion in CHIPS Act funding to boost the domestic rare earth value chain. This, combined with a $1.5 billion private PIPE transaction, amounts to approximately $3.1 billion in capital, aiming to accelerate the company's growth across rare earth mining, processing, and manufacturing. The stock showed strong short-term momentum but its RSI indicated overbought conditions."], ["20260127", "The U.S. Navy has chosen the Gentex Pursuit helmet as its Next Generation Fixed Wing Helmet (NGFWH) for flight crews of various aircraft including the E-2D, F/A-18, and T-6. This new helmet replaces the older HGU-68P, also made by Gentex, and aims to improve pilot safety, comfort, and mission performance by addressing issues like neck strain and ejection risks. Gentex has been awarded a five-year, $22 million contract to deliver over 5,000 systems."], ["20260127", "Madrigal Pharmaceuticals (MDGL) has increased its lobbying efforts concerning US drug pricing policy, including CMMI and Most Favored Nation frameworks. This heightened activity coincides with significant insider share sales by company executives. The stock, currently trading at $499.17 after substantial gains over the past year and five years, is considered undervalued by Simply Wall St's model and analysts, yet recent short-term momentum is weak."], ["20260127", "UnitedHealth shares fell over 16% after the company projected a 2026 revenue decline and the U.S. Medicare agency announced a lower-than-expected 0.09% payment rate increase for Medicare Advantage plans in 2027. This news, coupled with previous challenges like a cyberattack and missed earnings, has led investors to reset profit expectations across the healthcare sector, causing other insurers like CVS and Humana to also see significant drops. Analysts express concerns about UnitedHealth's recovery and its ability to meet Wall Street's earnings growth expectations."], ["20260127", "D-Wave Quantum Inc., a leading quantum computing firm, is relocating its corporate headquarters from Palo Alto, California, to Boca Raton, Florida, by the end of 2026. This move, initially identified as \"Project Vernon,\" is expected to bring over 100 high-paying technology jobs to Boca Raton and includes a significant partnership with Florida Atlantic University to install an Advantage2 quantum computer for research and workforce training. The relocation is seen as a major boost for Boca Raton's tech industry and Florida's presence in emerging technologies."], ["20260127", "TMC the metals company (NASDAQ: TMC) saw its shares surge by 450.9% in 2025, largely due to heightened investor interest in deep-sea mining as a critical metals theme, spurred by executive orders from President Trump. The company also benefited from strategic investments and increasing U.S.-China trade tensions. With a strong start to 2026 and new regulatory updates facilitating deep-sea mineral exploration, the stock is poised for continued growth, though it carries significant risk."], ["20260127", "Humana's stock dropped over 13% in premarket trading after the Trump administration proposed a nearly flat Medicare Advantage payment rate increase of 0.09% for 2027, significantly below Wall Street's expectations. This proposal, aimed at strengthening payment accuracy and modernizing risk adjustment, is expected to heavily impact Humana, whose core business relies on Medicare Advantage plans, and has also affected other major health insurers. The company's shares are now trading near their yearly lows, reflecting significant pressure from the regulatory announcement."], ["20260127", "UMH Properties, Inc. announced the tax treatment for its 2025 distributions. Common stock distributions were $0.890 per share, with 80.24% classified as return of capital, while preferred stock distributions totaled $1.593750 per share and were 100% non-qualifying ordinary income. The company advises shareholders to consult tax advisors for specific guidance."], ["20260127", "Nucor Corporation (NUE) is highlighted as a dominant force in the U.S. steel industry, having transformed from a struggling conglomerate into a vertically integrated industrial powerhouse. The article details Nucor's historical background, innovative EAF-based business model, consistent financial performance, and resilience as a \"Dividend King.\" It also covers the company's strategic focus on sustainability, high-value products, and its favorable positioning amidst U.S. infrastructure spending and onshoring trends, while acknowledging risks like raw material volatility and geopolitical friction."], ["20260127", "Shares of Humana, UnitedHealth, and CVS notably dropped following the Trump administration's proposal to maintain Medicare rates at a similar level for the upcoming year. This decision has caused a significant impact on health-insurance stocks."], ["20260127", "Investors in the Brazilian utility company Cemig are awaiting a pivotal governance decision regarding its ownership model, which will significantly impact its future strategic direction. While market participants are focused on impending annual financial results for 2025, the central issue remains a potential \"federalization\" of the company, where the state of Minas Gerais would transfer its controlling stake to the Brazilian federal government to settle regional debts. This contrasts with previous privatization considerations and has investors closely monitoring legislative progress."], ["20260127", "Humana Inc. is facing significant challenges due to rising medical costs and regulatory tightening in the Medicare Advantage market, compounded by a recent preliminary rate announcement suggesting a near-flat revenue increase for 2027. CEO Jim Rechtin is implementing a \"margin over membership\" strategy and emphasizing clinical efficiency to navigate these headwinds. The article explores whether Humana can recover from these pressures or if its business model is too vulnerable to government policy changes."], ["20260127", "Shares of major health insurers like UnitedHealth and Humana experienced a significant downturn after the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services proposed a minimal 0.09% increase for 2027 Medicare Advantage rates. This proposal fell far short of analyst expectations, which predicted a 4% to 5% growth. The unexpected rate proposal has negatively impacted the health insurance sector and contributed to a decline in the Dow."], ["20260127", "AXIS Capital Holdings Limited (NYSE:AXS) is set to report its Q4 earnings on Wednesday, with analysts expecting revenue growth of 6.9% year-on-year to $1.69 billion and adjusted earnings of $3.12 per share. Despite an average analyst price target of $120.91, the stock is currently down 5.5% over the last month, underperforming the broader insurance segment. Investors are watching closely after the company met revenue expectations last quarter but has missed Wall Street's revenue estimates six times over the last two years."], ["20260127", "Shares of major health insurers like UnitedHealth and Humana are experiencing a significant downturn, impacting the Dow, after the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) proposed a much lower-than-expected increase for 2027 Medicare Advantage rates. CMS suggested a 0.09% increase, a stark contrast to analysts' projections of 4% to 5% growth. This unexpected proposal has led to a sharp negative reaction in the stock market for health insurance companies."], ["20260127", "Hanwha Ocean and Algoma Steel Inc. have signed a binding Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) for a long-term strategic arrangement. Hanwha Ocean will contribute up to USD $250 million (CAD $345 million) to support Algoma Steel's diversification strategy, including the potential development of a structural steel beam mill in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario. This partnership aims to strengthen domestic supply chains for Canadian defense procurement, specifically for Hanwha Ocean\u2019s Canadian Patrol Submarine Project (CPSP)-related submarine construction and maintenance and repair (MRO) infrastructure, creating new skilled jobs in Canada."], ["20260127", "Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. (NYSE: RHP) announced the 2025 tax classification of its shareholder dividend distributions. The company provided detailed income tax classifications for dividends issued throughout 2025, to be reported on Form 1099-DIV. Shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors for specific tax treatment."], ["20260127", "Berenberg has increased its price target for AbbVie (ABBV) to $275 from $270, maintaining a Buy rating, citing exceptional growth from Skyrizi and Rinvoq. This positive outlook follows news of AbbVie's three-year agreement with the Trump administration to lower drug prices in the US, which also includes a $100 billion investment in US-based R&D, manufacturing expansion, and their direct-to-patient platform, TrumpRx. While acknowledging AbbVie's investment potential, the article suggests that certain AI stocks may offer greater upside and less downside risk."], ["20260127", "Enphase Energy (ENPH) is undergoing a significant restructuring, cutting 6% of its workforce and relocating functions to lower-cost regions to reduce expenses. This move comes as demand for residential solar softens due to the expiration of federal tax credits, and follows mixed share performance, with recent gains offset by significant declines over the past one, three, and five years. The company's shares are currently trading near analyst targets but are considered overvalued by Simply Wall St's valuation model."], ["20260127", "Enphase Energy (NasdaqGM:ENPH) is undergoing a significant restructuring, cutting approximately 6% of its workforce and relocating functions to reduce costs in response to softening residential solar demand. The company's shares have shown mixed performance, with recent gains but substantial declines over the past one to five years. This strategic move aims to align its cost structure with current market conditions, though the stock is currently trading above its estimated fair value."], ["20260127", "A proposed 10% cap on credit card interest rates could significantly impact Synchrony Financial's business model, particularly its reliance on interest income from store and co-branded cards. Analysts anticipate potential earnings declines and challenges in managing bad loans if the cap is implemented, despite Synchrony's current valuation appearing favorable. The upcoming earnings report will be crucial for understanding management's strategy to address these regulatory changes."], ["20260127", "UnitedHealth recorded a record $447.6 billion in revenue in 2025, but its profits declined for the lowest annual profit since 2018 due to higher medical costs and lower Medicare reimbursement. The company's payer arm, UnitedHealthcare, saw profits nearly halved, and its value-based care unit, Optum Health, operated at a loss. This decline is largely attributed to Medicare Advantage challenges, including regulatory changes and increased utilization, with further rate proposals threatening future profitability and leading to expected membership losses and benefit reductions."], ["20260127", "Booz Allen Hamilton (BAH) shares fell 8% after the Treasury Department terminated all contracts with the company. This action followed a tax information leak involving wealthy individuals, including former President Donald Trump, Elon Musk, and Jeff Bezos, perpetrated by former Booz Allen employee Charles E. Littlejohn. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent cited the company's failure to implement adequate data safeguards as the reason for contract cancellation, an announcement that came after Booz Allen lowered its fiscal year 2026 revenue outlook."], ["20260127", "MP Materials Corp. (NYSE:MP) saw its share prices drop by 8.83% after a rival rare earth company, USA Rare Earth Inc., secured significantly higher funding from the U.S. government. The Trump administration announced a $1.6 billion investment in USA Rare Earth Inc., dwarfing the $400 million previously invested in MP Materials. This increased competition and government backing for a rival firm led to investor sell-offs for MP Materials, despite the company's recent partnership with the U.S. Department of War and Saudi Arabian Mining Company for a rare earth refinery in Saudi Arabia."], ["20260127", "Kratos Defense & Security Solutions (KTOS) has expanded its hypersonic capabilities by opening a new manufacturing and integration facility in Maryland and expanding operations in Alabama. These facilities are designed to support critical U.S. defense programs, including those for the Navy, Air Force, DARPA, and the Missile Defense Agency, highlighting Kratos's intensified focus on hypersonics and advanced military systems. The move aligns Kratos with significant government funding initiatives in defense and positions it as a key player in the U.S. defense industrial base for advanced weapons development and testing."], ["20260127", "DXP Enterprises (DXPE) is experiencing market volatility due to U.S. trade tensions, while investors anticipate an earnings report showing lower EPS but higher revenue. The company's investment narrative centers on its cyclical, acquisition-driven distribution model, supported by significant term loans. Uncertainty regarding trade policy and potential margin pressures are key risks, though the stock remains near its 52-week high with analysts expecting continued sales growth."], ["20260127", "Former CureVac shareholders face a final deadline of January 27, 2026, to reclaim Dutch dividend withholding tax following the company's acquisition by BioNTech SE. The acquisition involved a share-for-share exchange, with CureVac shares being delisted and its operations integrated into BioNTech. Eligible investors not residing in the Netherlands must submit refund requests to BioNTech via email to avoid forfeiting potential reimbursements."], ["20260127", "Progressive (PGR) is set to release its Q4 earnings report, with analysts anticipating an 11.2% year-on-year revenue growth to $22.54 billion and adjusted earnings of $4.43 per share. The company missed revenue estimates twice in the last two years, and its stock has recently underperformed the property & casualty insurance segment. The article highlights sector trends and provides context from previous earnings reports of peers like Travelers and RLI."], ["20260127", "Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. has announced the tax treatment of its 2025 distributions. Additionally, Unity Software reported its fourth-quarter financial results, with revenue increasing by 35% year-over-year to $609 million, exceeding analyst expectations, despite a quarterly loss of 66 cents per share."], ["20260127", "Uber shares declined by 0.4% as New York City implemented new regulations requiring delivery apps to prompt customers for at least a 10% tip at checkout. This regulatory change and its potential impact on customer behavior and operational costs come as investors anticipate Uber's fourth-quarter and full-year 2025 earnings report on February 4th. The company also announced plans to overhaul its adjusted profit reporting from 2026."], ["20260127", "AXIS Capital (AXS) is set to release its Q4 earnings report, with analysts expecting a 6.9% year-over-year revenue increase to $1.69 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $3.12. Despite recent stock declines and broader sector lag, AXIS Capital previously matched revenue projections and surpassed EPS and book value expectations in the last quarter. Investors are watching for consistency, as the company has missed Wall Street's revenue expectations in six of the past two years."], ["20260127", "Dycom Industries (DY) is experiencing a surge in engineering work related to fiber-to-the-home design and network planning, which typically precedes larger, more profitable deployment contracts. This increase, fueled by federal broadband programs like BEAD, suggests potential for significant future build-outs despite macroeconomic challenges. While competitors like MasTec and EMCOR Group offer diversified services, Dycom's specialization positions it uniquely to benefit from the rural fiber expansion wave."], ["20260127", "This Freightos weekly update discusses new tariff threats from President Trump aimed at South Korea and Canada, following a similar withdrawal of threats against NATO allies. The report also highlights the easing of pre-Lunar New Year demand in ocean freight, disruptions to US logistics caused by a massive winter storm, and a significant increase in air cargo rates from China to the US due to backlogs and pre-LNY frontloading. Additionally, rising tensions with Iran are leading to flight cancellations to the Middle East and potential renewed Houthi attacks in the Red Sea."], ["20260127", "Redwire (NYSE:RDW) has integrated Edge Autonomy and reorganized into two segments: Space and Defense Technology. This move follows recent contract wins and increasing government interest in missile defense programs like Golden Dome. While the company has seen strong short-term stock performance, it also faces challenges including an unprofitable status and shareholder dilution, amidst a volatile stock history."], ["20260127", "The U.S. government is increasingly taking direct equity stakes in critical mineral companies, positioning MP Materials (NYSE:MP) as a key player in securing domestic rare earth supply for national security. This policy shift, including the Department of Defense becoming a major shareholder, reinforces MP Materials' importance and potential for future support. While offering benefits like access to capital and long-term project planning, government ownership could also raise questions about governance and management flexibility."], ["20260127", "A federal judge has dismissed a class-action lawsuit against RTX Corp. regarding its handling of forfeited 401(k) funds, ruling that the company's actions align with plan documents and ERISA. The court found RTX was permitted to use roughly $18.6 million in forfeitures to reduce future employer contributions, despite claims it should have offset administrative fees instead. This decision is a setback for similar lawsuits nationwide and follows amicus briefs from the Department of Labor supporting employers in such disputes."], ["20260126", "Ryanair reported a Q3 PAT of \u20ac115m (pre-exceptionals) for the fiscal year, a 22% decrease from the previous year, with traffic increasing by 6%. The airline also announced plans to cut traffic in Brussels by 1 million passengers in both 2026 and 2027 due to increased passenger taxes by Belgian authorities. Additionally, Ryanair welcomed Hamburg Court rulings that found eDreams' price displays misleading and detailed an investment in Albania to base a fourth aircraft in Tirana, aiming for 50% traffic growth."], ["20260126", "Bank of Scotland, part of Lloyds Banking Group, has been fined 160,000 pounds for breaching UK sanctions against Russia. The bank opened an account and processed payments for Dmitrii Ovsyannikov, a designated person on the UK's sanctions list, who was a high-ranking Russian government figure. Lloyds voluntarily reported the breach, leading to a halved penalty, and stated they have since strengthened their controls."], ["20260126", "Shares of several major health insurers, including Humana and UnitedHealth Group, plummeted by approximately 20% after the Trump administration proposed a nearly flat payment rate increase of 0.09% for Medicare Advantage plans in 2027. This proposal is significantly lower than the 4% to 6% increase anticipated by Wall Street analysts. The government's decision on these rates directly impacts insurers' profitability and their ability to offer competitive plans."], ["20260126", "Shares of major health insurers UnitedHealth Group, Humana, and CVS Health dropped significantly after hours following reports that the Trump administration plans to propose \"roughly flat\" Medicare insurer rates for 2027, an increase of only 0.09%. This proposal is much lower than the 4% to 6% increase analysts had anticipated, causing concern across the industry. The Medicare agency is also expected to target billing practices that have historically been very profitable for insurers."], ["20260126", "Kentucky was recently passed over for a massive Century Aluminum smelter project that would have created 1,000 permanent jobs and represented a multibillion-dollar investment. The project, which involves Emirates Global Aluminum, will instead be built in Inola, Oklahoma, and will be the first primary aluminum smelter constructed in the U.S. in over 45 years. This decision is a significant setback for northeast Kentucky's efforts to rebuild its industrial base and highlights concerns about the state's energy infrastructure and competitiveness for major manufacturing projects."], ["20260126", "Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corporation (CHMI) announced the estimated federal income tax treatment for its 2025 dividend distributions across common stock, 8.20% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, and 8.250% Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. The company detailed per-share total distributions, ordinary dividends, and nondividend distributions for each stock type over four quarters in 2025. Shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors regarding their specific tax treatment."], ["20260126", "Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc. (GPMT) has announced the tax treatment for its common and preferred stock dividends declared in 2025, providing detailed tables for Form 1099-DIV reporting. The company clarified that no portion of its 2025 dividends constitutes excess inclusion income. Stockholders are advised to consult their own tax advisors regarding their individual tax consequences."], ["20260126", "Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. (NYSE: BNL) announced the income tax allocation for its 2025 common stock dividends, providing details on ordinary dividends, capital gain distributions, and nondividend distributions for each quarterly payment date. The company encourages stockholders to consult their tax advisors for specific treatment of received dividends. BNL is a diversified net lease REIT focusing on industrial properties in the U.S. and Canada."], ["20260126", "USA Rare Earth (USAR) stock surged after announcing a $1.6 billion deal with the U.S. Department of Commerce, including a $1.3 billion loan and $277 million in federal funding. This funding is aimed at accelerating domestic rare earth mining, processing, and magnet manufacturing, reducing U.S. reliance on China for these critical minerals. The U.S. government will receive an equity stake in USA Rare Earth as part of its broader strategy to secure a domestic supply chain for key technologies."], ["20260126", "This article compares two bond ETFs, the Fidelity Total Bond ETF (FBND) and the iShares National Muni Bond ETF (MUB), highlighting their differences in expense ratios, dividend yields, returns, and bond holdings. While FBND offers a higher yield and holds riskier bonds, MUB stands out for its tax-exempt municipal bonds, making it a better option for investors prioritizing tax benefits despite potentially lower yields. The analysis also provides a snapshot of their performance and risk metrics."], ["20260126", "The iShares Silver Trust (SLV) has seen a significant 12% increase, with silver prices reaching historic highs above $115, attributed to structural deficits, industrial demand, and safe-haven buying. Additionally, USA Rare Earth (USAR) surged 18% after receiving a $1.3 billion loan and $277 million in federal funding from the Trump Administration. JPMorgan also raised Apple's (AAPL) price target to $315, citing strong iPhone demand ahead of its first-quarter earnings report."], ["20260126", "Booz Allen Hamilton's shares fell after the Treasury Department canceled millions in contracts, citing a data leak incident involving a former employee who reportedly leaked President Trump's tax records. The company heavily relies on federal government work for its revenue."], ["20260126", "Algoma Steel and Hanwha Ocean have signed a binding Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) for a long-term strategic arrangement to support Canada's future submarine program with Canadian steel and workers. Hanwha Ocean will provide Algoma with up to USD $250 million, including a cash contribution for a potential structural steel beam mill and anticipated purchases of Algoma products for its Canadian Patrol Submarine Project-related commitments. This partnership aims to strengthen Canada\u2019s domestic industrial base, ensure long-term naval readiness, and create new skilled jobs."], ["20260126", "Algoma Steel and Hanwha Ocean have signed a binding Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) to establish a long-term strategic arrangement for Canada's future submarine program. This partnership aims to strengthen Canada's domestic industrial base, with Hanwha Ocean providing up to USD $250 million in support for Algoma's diversification strategy and anticipated purchases of Algoma products. The MOU is contingent on Hanwha Ocean being awarded a contract under the Canadian Patrol Submarine Project (CPSP) and the execution of definitive agreements."], ["20260126", "Critical Metals (CRML) shares initially surged before dropping 9.5% after a U.S. rare-earth deal for USA Rare Earth, impacting the sector. Investors are seeking clarity on Critical Metals' Tanbreez project in Greenland, particularly regarding its timeline and funding, amidst broader market sensitivity to policy updates and financing rumors in the rare-earth industry. Despite Washington's support for USA Rare Earth and Critical Metals' own non-binding JV with a Saudi firm, the sector remains vulnerable to permitting, funding, and price fluctuations, highlighting market volatility."], ["20260126", "Lionsgate Studios Corp. has appointed former U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin to its board of directors, effective immediately. Mnuchin brings extensive experience in finance, regulation, and the entertainment industry, having co-financed \"Avatar\" and holding over 35 executive producer credits. As a significant investor in Lionsgate through his firm Liberty Strategic Capital, his interests are aligned with the company's shareholders."], ["20260126", "TaxBandits has partnered with Pitney Bowes to enhance its postal mailing services for tax forms (1099, W-2, 1042-S, 5498, and ACA recipient copies). This collaboration aims to provide businesses and tax professionals with a secure, accurate, and timely solution for distributing tax documents, leveraging Pitney Bowes' advanced mailing network and TaxBandits' compliance expertise. The service includes best-in-class delivery, superior security, end-to-end mailing, accurate address validation, real-time tracking, and no surge fees, ensuring compliance ahead of the February 2 deadline."], ["20260126", "Veris Residential, Inc. announced the tax treatment for its 2025 distributions, totaling $0.32 per share of common stock. The distributions are classified for income tax purposes, detailing the amounts recognized as ordinary dividends, capital gain, and return of capital across four quarterly payments. Shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors for specific tax treatment."], ["20260126", "Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. (NYSE: RHP) has announced the 2025 tax classification for its shareholder dividend distributions, providing a detailed breakdown for tax reporting purposes. The company, a leading lodging and hospitality REIT, specified the ordinary dividends, long-term capital gains, and non-dividend distributions for various payment dates in 2025 and early 2026. Shareholders are advised to consult tax advisors as this information is preliminary and subject to adjustment."], ["20260126", "Deputy Agriculture Secretary Stephen Vaden accused Nutrien and Mosaic of colluding to limit fertilizer supply and control prices, describing their market dominance as a \"duopoly.\" The administration is exploring options to inject more competition, including monitoring a new potash mine project in Canada. Vaden also criticized farm equipment manufacturers, particularly John Deere, for practices limiting farmers' ability to repair their own equipment and controlling distribution, which he argues drives up costs for farmers."], ["20260126", "Century Aluminum Co. and Emirates Global Aluminium (EGA) have formed a joint venture to construct a new primary aluminum smelter in Inola, Oklahoma. This facility, projected to produce 750,000 metric tons of aluminum annually, will be the first greenfield primary aluminum smelter in the U.S. since 1980 and aims to more than double the country's current production. The project, which expects to create 1,000 permanent jobs and 4,000 construction jobs, aligns with efforts to boost domestic aluminum supply and re-establish U.S. manufacturing expertise."], ["20260126", "Park Hotels and Resorts Inc. has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 dividends, totaling $1.00 per share distributed quarterly. The dividends are classified into ordinary dividends ($0.759540 per share) and capital gain distributions ($0.240460 per share), impacting how investors will be taxed. The company's investments in premium hotels across key tourist destinations like New York, San Francisco, Las Vegas, and Orlando significantly contribute to local economies and the overall tourism industry."], ["20260126", "A Morgan Stanley report indicates that the UK is experiencing more AI-related job losses than gains, at a faster rate than its international counterparts. British firms reported an 8% net job loss due to AI over the past year, double the international average, despite also seeing significant productivity boosts. This trend exacerbates an already cooling UK labor market struggling with rising costs, slow growth, and political instability, disproportionately affecting younger workers and white-collar roles."], ["20260126", "Pebblebrook Hotel Trust has announced the tax treatment and payout schedule for its 2025 dividends, providing clarity for shareholders in the hospitality sector. The company will distribute regular quarterly payments for both common and preferred shares, with specific tax treatments such as ordinary, nondividend, and Section 199A dividends. This information is crucial for tourism investors to understand their financial outcomes and for the broader industry as tourism continues its recovery."], ["20260126", "Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. (SBRA) has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 cash distributions, detailing the breakdown of ordinary dividends, non-qualified dividends, qualified dividends, and non-dividend distributions per share for each quarter. The company noted that non-qualified ordinary dividends are also reported as Section 199A Dividends, contingent on shareholders holding shares for at least 45 days. Sabra advises shareholders to consult their tax advisors regarding these requirements."], ["20260126", "Trilogy Metals (TMQ) has appointed Egizio Bianchini as a Strategic Advisor and expanded its corporate communications team following a significant U.S. federal investment in its Alaskan Upper Kobuk Mineral Projects in October 2025. This strategic move and the federal backing have driven a 331% annual gain in TMQ stock. The company's projects, including the Arctic and Bornite deposits, are positioned as crucial domestic sources for copper, zinc, cobalt, silver, and gold."], ["20260126", "BWX Technologies, Inc. (BWXT) has opened its Centrifuge Manufacturing Development Facility (CMDF) in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, marking a significant step towards re-establishing a domestic uranium enrichment capability for U.S. national security. This facility is a crucial element of a $1.5 billion contract with the NNSA to ensure a secure supply of enriched uranium for defense needs. The CMDF will design, engineer, fabricate, and test advanced gas centrifuge machines, strengthening the U.S. sovereign nuclear supply chain and supporting defense readiness."], ["20260126", "CRH plc is continuing its US$300 million share buyback program, attracting new institutional investments like the State of Alaska's US$8.30 million position. The company's Americas division is actively lobbying Congress for modernized US infrastructure, linking future economic activity to construction spending. This article examines how CRH's capital return strategy and advocacy for infrastructure funding shape its investment appeal amidst construction cycles and policy reliance."], ["20260126", "CRH plc is continuing its US$300 million share buyback program while the State of Alaska's Department of Revenue has taken an US$8.30 million position. The company's Americas leadership is advocating for increased US infrastructure spending, aiming to link long-term economic activity to renewed investment. Investors need to consider CRH's reliance on construction cycles, public spending, and capital allocation strategy, alongside its current debt levels and the impact of future US infrastructure policy."], ["20260126", "Shares of CAVA (NYSE:CAVA) dropped over 5% after CEO and President Brett Schulman sold a significant amount of company stock, totaling approximately $1.46 million. This executive sale made investors uneasy, prompting a market reaction. Despite today's dip, CAVA's shares have shown volatility, but the market views this news as meaningful without fundamentally altering perceptions of the business."], ["20260126", "CareTrust REIT, Inc. has released the tax status of its 2025 dividends for shareholders, detailing the classifications and distributions per share. The company clarifies that the dividend paid on January 15, 2026, for holders of record as of December 31, 2025, is considered a 2026 distribution for federal income tax purposes. Shareholders will receive Form 1099-DIV, and CareTrust advises consulting tax advisors as state and local treatments may differ."], ["20260126", "Pebblebrook Hotel Trust has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 distributions to holders of common and preferred shares. The announcement details the record date, payable date, and the breakdown of total distribution per share across various categories like ordinary dividend, capital gain distribution, and nondividend distribution for multiple share types. Shareholders are advised to consult with a personal tax advisor for specific tax guidance."], ["20260126", "ArcelorMittal Kryvyi Rih, Ukraine\u2019s largest steel producer, announced it will suspend operations at its blooming mill in Q2 2026. This decision is driven by the EU\u2019s Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) set to begin in 2026 without exemptions for Ukraine, effectively closing the European market for a significant portion of its steel products. Additionally, soaring electricity prices in Ukraine due to ongoing attacks on energy infrastructure have made production economically unfeasible."], ["20260126", "Jefferies has reduced its price target for Eversource Energy (NYSE:ES) to $57.00 from $60.00, maintaining an Underperform rating due to balance sheet concerns and the re-evaluation of the Aquarion sale. The firm highlighted Eversource's high debt-to-equity ratio, below-average growth prospects, and challenges with high electricity rates in Connecticut. This downgrade aligns with other analysts who have also lowered price targets amidst regulatory hurdles and financial pressures for the utility."], ["20260126", "Trilogy Metals (TMQ) stock surged 12.6% in premarket trading following a new U.S. report on critical minerals, bringing the sector back into investor focus. The company's projects in Alaska, a joint venture with South32, heavily depend on federal backing for permits and funding. Investors are now awaiting further company remarks at an upcoming mining conference to understand the future trajectory amidst political and legal hurdles."], ["20260126", "YPF and the government of the Province of R\u00edo Negro have signed a framework agreement to promote the development of the Argentina LNG project, establishing fiscal and regulatory stability for 30 years. The agreement aims to position Argentina as a global energy supplier, generate employment, and promote long-term investment, with a focus on strengthening local capabilities through a training program. This collaboration provides clear conditions for investors and supports a profound change in R\u00edo Negro's productive matrix."], ["20260126", "A U.S. District Court judge has allowed Dominion Energy to resume work on its $11.2 billion Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind project after the Department of the Interior had issued a 90-day suspension over national security concerns. Despite the temporary halt, Dominion Energy states the project remains on schedule and is expected to start generating power by the end of March. The ruling comes as other offshore wind projects, including one by US Wind, face challenges related to national security claims and permit disputes."], ["20260126", "Lionsgate Studios Corp. has appointed former U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin to its board of directors, effective immediately. Mnuchin brings extensive financial and regulatory expertise from his time as Treasury Secretary, as well as entertainment industry experience, having co-financed \"Avatar\" and holding over 35 executive producer credits. As a significant investor in Lionsgate, his interests are aligned with the company's shareholders."], ["20260126", "Lionsgate Studios Corp. has appointed former U.S. treasury secretary Steven Mnuchin to its board of directors, effective immediately. Mnuchin brings extensive financial, regulatory, and entertainment industry expertise, having co-financed \"Avatar\" and holding over 35 executive producer credits. His firm, Liberty Strategic Capital, is also a significant investor in Lionsgate, aligning his interests with shareholders."], ["20260126", "Standard Lithium's joint venture, Smackover Lithium, is moving closer to a final investment decision for a $1.5 billion lithium extraction plant in Lafayette County, Arkansas. Despite previous skepticism from Hindenburg Research, the project has gained significant momentum through new equity financing, a $225 million grant from the U.S. Department of Energy, and interest from export credit agencies. CEO David Park highlights the favorable shift in investor sentiment and the project's derisking through partnerships and regulatory approvals, aiming for construction to start in mid-2026."], ["20260126", "United States Antimony Corp (UAMY) experienced a significant 31% surge in its share price following the acquisition of a critical minerals flotation facility and optimistic outlook due to potential government investment. Retail sentiment for UAMY has shifted to \"extremely bullish,\" indicating strong investor confidence. Despite some Wall Street analysts forecasting a price decline in the next 12 months, other analysts maintain a \"Buy\" rating, citing strategic importance and strong demand for antimony."], ["20260126", "Caledonia Mining Corporation Plc announced that Zimbabwe's Finance Act, 2025, enacting the 2026 National Budget, has been passed. The key provision confirmed is that a higher royalty rate of 10% on gold will only apply if the gold price exceeds US$5,000 per ounce. Consequently, Caledonia stated that no amendments are required to its Bilboes Gold Project Technical Report Summary."], ["20260126", "Stephens analyst Raj Kumar maintained an Overweight rating on Guardian Pharmacy Services (GRDN) and raised the price target to $36 from $35 following the acquisition of a long-term care pharmacy and the release of their 2026 forecast. Guardian Pharmacy Services (NYSE:GRDN) released a preliminary 2026 forecast estimating revenues between $1.40 billion and $1.42 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $115 million to $118 million, despite anticipated reductions in wholesale acquisition costs and drug price adjustments. The company provides technology-enabled medication management and pharmacy support to long-term care facilities."], ["20260126", "The U.S. administration's decision to call off 10% tariffs on European allies has eased trade tensions, positively impacting companies like Crane NXT. While this tariff reversal offers some relief to CXT and partly explains a recent stock bounce, it doesn't fundamentally alter the core investment issues or the company's current valuation, which is perceived to be 24% above fair value by Simply Wall St. Investors are primarily focused on Crane NXT's upcoming Q4 2025 earnings, balance sheet priorities, and management execution amidst margin pressures and high debt."], ["20260126", "Stephens analyst Raj Kumar maintained an Overweight rating on Guardian Pharmacy Services, Inc. (GRDN) and raised the price target to $36 after the company\u2019s acquisition of a long-term care pharmacy and the release of its 2026 forecast. Guardian Pharmacy Services, Inc. projects 2026 revenue between $1.40 billion and $1.42 billion, with an adjusted EBITDA of $115 million to $118 million, reflecting an 11% year-over-year rise in adjusted EBITDA. The company also reaffirmed its 2025 revenue and adjusted EBITDA guidance."], ["20260125", "Amkor Technology is significantly increasing its investment in a semiconductor advanced packaging and testing campus in Peoria, Arizona, from its original plan to $7 billion. This expansion will result in more than 750,000 square feet of cleanroom space and create 3,000 high-paying jobs, strengthening Arizona's semiconductor ecosystem and contributing to U.S. supply chain security. The investment is driven by growing demand for semiconductors, especially with the proliferation of AI, and is part of the larger Peoria Innovation Core development."], ["20260125", "Nebraska officials are proposing new corporate tax incentives, dubbed the \"Grow the Good Life Act,\" to encourage job growth and retain major employers like Union Pacific Railroad. This legislation is particularly aimed at ensuring Union Pacific remains headquartered in Omaha following its proposed $85 billion merger with Norfolk Southern, a deal that would create the first single-line coast-to-coast rail system. Governor Jim Pillen and other state leaders are advocating for these changes to keep Nebraska competitive in attracting and retaining large companies."], ["20260125", "Steel Dynamics (STLD) is poised to release its Q4 earnings on January 26, 2026, with analysts anticipating increased revenue and earnings year-over-year, supported by potential benefits from steel tariffs. The company also recently earned recognition as one of Fortune's World's Most Admired Companies for the ninth consecutive year. While the stock has seen recent gains and positive sentiment, investors are urged to consider both the upside potential and risks associated with margins, growth, and potential overvaluation."], ["20260125", "This article compares two bond ETFs, Fidelity Total Bond ETF (FBND) and iShares National Muni Bond ETF (MUB), highlighting their differences in tax profiles, risks, and yields. While FBND offers a higher dividend yield and 1-year return, it also has a higher expense ratio and invests in riskier bonds. MUB, on the other hand, provides tax-exempt income despite potentially lower yields, making it suitable for investors seeking tax benefits."], ["20260125", "The Oklahoma Corporation Commission is set to address challenges to Oklahoma Gas and Electric's (OGE) Construction Work in Progress (CWIP) requests for its Horseshoe Lake Power Plant expansion. OGE faces opposition from consumer groups and the Commission's Public Utilities Division, who argue that OGE is attempting to bypass foundational requirements for CWIP recovery. The dispute centers on a new law, SB998, which allows CWIP for natural gas projects but which opponents contend OGE is applying retroactively and incorrectly, especially since a previous pre-approval order rejected OGE's CWIP request."], ["20260125", "Ero Copper's stock surged 6.2% on Friday, closing at $32.84, driven by speculation surrounding potential U.S. refined-copper tariffs, which are significantly impacting copper prices. The company's upcoming investor conferences in Toronto next week are also drawing attention, as investors seek clarity on future costs and production plans amidst volatile market conditions. Goldman Sachs analysts, however, forecast that current record copper prices above $13,000 may not be sustained long-term without clearer tariff signals."], ["20260125", "The Trump administration plans to invest $1.6 billion in USA Rare Earth Inc., acquiring a 10% stake and making it its largest investment in the sector. This initiative aims to secure essential mineral supplies and reduce reliance on foreign nations for critical resources. The investment includes 16.1 million shares and warrants, alongside $1.3 billion in senior secured debt financing from the government."], ["20260125", "In Michigan, utility companies are charging their customers millions of dollars to fund legal battles and consulting fees that argue for increased rates, a practice largely unknown and causing public outcry. The state's Attorney General is targeting DTE Energy's $574 million rate hike request, aiming to block over $7 million in disputed costs from being passed to consumers. While utilities defend these expenses as necessary for infrastructure improvements and regulatory processes, advocates argue it's a perverse system where customers pay for arguments against their own financial interests."], ["20260125", "Baird analyst Michael Ha views UnitedHealth Group Incorporated's decision to rebate Affordable Care Act (ACA) profits to customers as a \"masterful move.\" While not significantly impacting UNH's 2026 earnings, this strategy could encourage broader government rebate rules for health exchange plans, potentially pressuring competitors like Centene, Molina Healthcare, and Oscar Health, who are more reliant on ACA exchange profitability. UnitedHealth's CEO announced these rebates amidst expectations of declining ACA enrollment, with the company working with the Trump administration on implementation details."], ["20260125", "Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. reported strong financial results for the year ended September 28, 2025, with a 21.6% increase in revenue to $41.3 million and a 36.6% increase in net income to $5.1 million. The company experienced growth across both its Optex Richardson and Applied Optics Center segments, driven by increased production and customer demand. Despite a slight decrease in new orders due to government funding delays, Optex plans to invest $2.4 million in capital expenditures to expand capacity and develop new capabilities."], ["20260125", "A Morgan Stanley analyst, Praveen Choudhary, predicts a sharp rebound in Hong Kong's housing market, with a projected 10% price increase in 2026 after a four-year downturn. This bullish forecast is attributed to falling interest rates, rising rents, and the recent removal of stamp duties by the government. Choudhary believes these combined factors signal a significant shift in the market cycle."], ["20260125", "Libya has signed a $20 billion energy agreement with TotalEnergies and ConocoPhillips, aiming to boost oil production by 850,000 barrels per day over 25 years. This deal, expected to generate over $370 billion in revenue, was announced at the Libya Energy and Economic Summit in Tripoli, where the nation also revealed upcoming agreements with Chevron and Egypt to further develop its energy sector. Despite holding Africa's largest oil reserves, Libya's oil industry has faced significant challenges due to political instability since 2011."], ["20260124", "A LendingTree study reveals that families with two children need to earn an average of $402,708 annually to comfortably afford child care based on federal guidelines, yet the typical two-child household earns only $145,656. This significant affordability gap is even wider for American Indian and Black families. The study also highlights state-level disparities, with Hawaii having the largest income gap for child care affordability, while South Dakota is closest to meeting the federal benchmark."], ["20260124", "VICI Properties Inc. has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 distributions, specifying categories such as ordinary dividends, return of capital, and Section 199A dividends. The total distribution per share for 2025 will be $2.1975, with $1.7475 reportable in the 2025 tax year. This information is crucial for investors in the REIT, which owns significant hospitality and entertainment assets like Caesars Palace and MGM Grand."], ["20260124", "Chatham Lodging Trust, a lodging REIT, has announced the 2025 dividend tax classification for its common and preferred shares to assist shareholders with federal income tax reporting. The dividends are categorized into taxable ordinary income, unrecollected Section 1250 gain, and Section 199A dividends, with specific amounts outlined for both Series A Preferred and common stock. This aims to provide transparency and aid investors in accurate tax preparation, emphasizing that no portion of the dividends will be considered qualified dividend income or foreign taxes."], ["20260124", "Banco Bradesco SA has revised its net shareholder payouts for its monthly Interest on Shareholders\u2019 Equity program. This adjustment follows the publication of new supplementary tax law 224/25, which changed the income tax rate applied. The bank has updated both gross and net amounts per share, maintaining its original payment schedule and stressing the importance of accurate shareholder registration details for the revised payments."], ["20260124", "Tutor Perini Corp's stock has entered a period of quiet consolidation after a volatile stretch, showing modest recent gains. While short-term traders observe a narrow price range, longer-term investors are evaluating whether this represents a deep value opportunity or a value trap, especially amidst new contract wins and stabilizing margins. The market's shift reflects growing interest in fundamental factors over speculative swings, with analysts maintaining a cautious \"Hold\" stance but acknowledging potential moderate upside."], ["20260124", "UnitedHealth (UNH) has limited exposure to ACA risks, which reduces direct earnings risk compared to its peers. While the company faces margin compression rather than member losses, its top-line growth remains strong across all operating segments. The dividend yield is near decade highs and is sustainable due to normalized free cash flow and a sub-50% payout ratio."], ["20260124", "Morgan Stanley's 2026 stock market outlook suggests that the bull market, despite its maturity, has more room to run, potentially entering its fourth year of gains. This optimism is driven by a dovish-leaning Federal Reserve policy, the ongoing AI-fueled rally, and several other structural forces and emerging opportunities globally. Investors are advised that while volatility is likely, supportive monetary and fiscal policies, alongside broadening leadership beyond megacaps, could continue to drive positive returns."], ["20260124", "Amkor Technology's stock rose 6.6% following reports that broader chipmakers have pre-sold their AI-related capacity into 2026 and news of a U.S.-Taiwan tariff deal. The article highlights Amkor's crucial role in the high-tech supply chain due to surging AI demand for its semiconductor packaging and test services. Investors are now looking to Amkor's fourth-quarter and full-year 2025 results on February 9, 2026, for further guidance, though some concerns about valuation and execution risks remain."], ["20260124", "Jim Cramer expressed strong approval for Steel Dynamics (NASDAQ: STLD), calling it an \"excellent company\" and highlighting its potential benefits from tariffs. He reiterated his positive stance on the steel producer, alongside Nucor, and suggested that tariffs enacted by a previous administration have contributed to the company's success. Cramer's historical support dates back to March 2025, since when the stock has gained almost 41%."], ["20260124", "Jim Cramer has endorsed Steel Dynamics, Inc. (NASDAQ: STLD) as an \"excellent company,\" likening it to Nucor and attributing its success to American industry performance and tariffs. Cramer had previously encouraged buying STLD in March 2025 due to tariffs against subsidized Japanese and Chinese companies, after which the stock gained nearly 41%. Despite acknowledging STLD's potential, Insider Monkey suggests that some AI stocks may offer higher and quicker returns."], ["20260124", "Jim Cramer discussed Whirlpool (WHR) after the company's debt was listed in President Trump's financial disclosures. Cramer expressed disinterest in Whirlpool's debt, noting the company's recent performance struggles including a 32% year-over-year stock decline and a downgrade by S&P. Despite positive year-to-date performance, Whirlpool faces challenges from margin weakness, higher leverage, and tariff uncertainty."], ["20260124", "Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. (NYSE: ARE) has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 distributions, detailing the breakdown for common stock dividends and capital gains. The company provided a comprehensive table outlining ordinary dividends, qualified dividends, capital gains, and return of capital per share for each distribution date in 2025. Stockholders are advised to consult their tax advisors regarding the specific tax implications of these distributions."], ["20260124", "American Express (AXP) recently declared a quarterly dividend for its preferred shares amid a White House proposal to cap credit card interest rates at 10% APR. This situation presents a tension between rewarding investors and potential pressure on the company's core lending economics. While the proposed APR cap introduces a near-term risk, its impact is viewed as incremental rather than thesis-breaking, with upcoming earnings commentary on regulation and credit quality being key short-term catalysts."], ["20260124", "RTX (NYSE:RTX) has secured significant contracts, including a $476.5 million modification for Tomahawk missile modernization and participation in a $12.5 billion U.S. air traffic control modernization plan. Additionally, its subsidiary Blue Canyon Technologies launched a satellite for NASA's Pandora mission, showcasing RTX's involvement in defense, civil aviation, and space. These developments underscore RTX's diverse exposure across government, commercial aviation, and space-related work, providing potential long-term revenue visibility despite an expected near-term decline in EPS."], ["20260124", "Centrus Energy Corp. announced a major expansion of its Oak Ridge facility in East Tennessee, transitioning it into a high-rate manufacturing plant for advanced centrifuges. This expansion involves creating nearly 430 new jobs and investing over $560 million, supporting the large-scale restoration of domestic uranium enrichment capabilities. The project is backed by funding from the U.S. Department of Energy and the Tennessee Nuclear Energy Fund, aiming to meet America's commercial and national security requirements."], ["20260124", "SentinelOne (NYSE: S) recently secured GovRAMP High Impact Authorization, expanding its reach to US public sector customers for its Singularity Platform, and completed a tax settlement with the Israeli Tax Authority. These developments address investor concerns regarding market access and regulatory uncertainty following a period of stock volatility and skepticism about the company's growth and profitability. While these factors may challenge cautious investor sentiment, ongoing issues like an interim CFO appointment and past guidance concerns keep the debate open about the company's long-term outlook."], ["20260124", "Cactus, Inc. (NYSE:WHD) is acquiring a controlling interest in Baker Hughes\u2019 Surface Pressure Control business, a move expected to significantly expand its capabilities. This strategic acquisition occurs amidst a doubling of Section 232 steel tariffs, which presents cost pressures for the company. The article highlights that Cactus's success will depend on its ability to integrate the new business effectively, manage procurement, and navigate pricing decisions in the face of rising steel costs."], ["20260124", "Executives at RCI Hospitality Holdings, the parent company of Bombshells and Rick's Cabaret, have stepped down following an $8 million tax and bribery indictment. The indictment alleges a scheme involving underreported sales and bribing an IRS agent. This legal action has led to significant changes in the company's leadership."], ["20260124", "Wolfe Research anticipates significant tailwinds to tax refunds in 2026, primarily benefiting households earning under $200,000 with an incremental $75 billion in refunds. Costco Wholesale (COST) is expected to benefit from this boost in consumer spending due to its inclusion in Wolfe Research's Tax Refund Basket. The company also recently declared a quarterly cash dividend, and Deutsche Bank initiated coverage with a 'Buy' rating and a $1,044 price target."], ["20260124", "Science Applications International (SAIC) reported Q3 2026 earnings that surpassed EPS estimates despite lower revenue, attributed to a government shutdown. The company is being considered an undervalued tech stock with a fair value of $113.38, slightly above its current trading price of $110.14. Its strategic focus on mission integration and digital transformation, along with a robust pipeline, positions it for long-term growth, though federal IT budgets and contract timing remain key factors."], ["20260124", "Intel shares plunged 17% after the chipmaker provided a weak first-quarter forecast and disclosed ongoing manufacturing difficulties, causing its worst decline in 17 months. CEO Lip-Bu Tan acknowledged struggles with low manufacturing yields and stated that returning the company to its former glory would take \"time and resolve\" amid strong demand but limited supply. The setback also impacts the US government's efforts to rejuvenate the domestic semiconductor industry, as Intel was a cornerstone of that strategy."], ["20260124", "Ford Motor Co.'s chief government affairs officer, Christopher Smith, is expected to depart the company amid a period of significant U.S. policy shifts under the Trump administration. Smith's departure comes as Ford navigates challenges like tariffs and the elimination of electric vehicle subsidies, having previously led negotiations to preserve tax credits for a battery plant in Michigan. While the reason for his exit is unclear, his role in addressing policy changes has been significant for the automaker."], ["20260124", "Granite Construction (NYSE: GVA) has secured two significant public infrastructure contracts totaling $223 million: a $157 million road and bridge project in Tucson, Arizona, and a $66 million highway improvement project in Nevada County, California. These awards enhance Granite's short-term revenue pipeline and strengthen its position in complex transportation work, reinforcing its strategy of securing large-scale, publicly funded projects. While these wins add visibility to the company's backlog, investors are also considering valuation, debt levels, and the company's ability to translate backlog into profitable delivery amid market uncertainties."], ["20260124", "Enphase Energy plans to cut approximately 6% of its workforce, or about 160 employees, as part of a restructuring effort. This decision comes after a federal tax credit expired, leading to reduced demand for residential solar panels. The company aims to align its cost structure with current market conditions and prioritize investments."], ["20260124", "Morgan Stanley cut its price target on Harley-Davidson (HOG) to $18 from $21, maintaining an Underweight rating, citing muted demand trends in 2025 and similar expectations for 2026. The company is responding by tightening inventory, pivoting to more affordable motorcycles like the new \"Sprint\" model, and navigating ongoing tariff uncertainties. While addressing these challenges, Harley-Davidson aims to attract younger riders and overcome difficult retail demand."], ["20260124", "Capital One Financial Corp. CEO Richard Fairbank warned that former President Donald Trump's proposed 10% cap on credit card interest rates could trigger a recession. Fairbank stated that such a cap would significantly restrict consumer access to credit, impacting the $6 trillion in consumer spending via credit cards that underpins 70% of the U.S. GDP. Other experts, including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, echoed these concerns, predicting an \"economic disaster\" and reduced credit availability for most Americans if the proposal were implemented."], ["20260124", "The iShares MSCI South Korea ETF (EWY) has seen a significant 19.3% surge year-to-date, building on a 92% increase last year. This growth is primarily attributed to rising memory chip prices, benefiting major holdings like SK Hynix and Samsung, and favorable shareholder policies introduced by South Korean President Lee Jae Myung. The ETF also presents an attractive international diversification option due to its low price-to-earnings ratio compared to the S&P 500."], ["20260124", "The UAE Federal Tax Authority (FTA) has released detailed procedural guidance on Advance Pricing Agreements (APAs), providing a significant development for the country's tax framework. With the introduction of Corporate Tax and formal Transfer Pricing rules, APAs offer businesses certainty on transfer pricing outcomes for controlled transactions, helping to manage risk and improve compliance. This guidance is based on Article 59 of the UAE CT law and aims to reduce controversy and provide upfront clarity for eligible taxpayers."], ["20260124", "Precious metals saw a significant rally in late 2025 and early 2026, with gold, silver, and platinum hitting new highs and palladium also rising sharply. While gold's relative underperformance recently may be due to its strong gains in the previous five years, silver, platinum, and palladium appear to be catching up. Investors are examining the relative value of these metals, considering factors like the gold-silver ratio, new industrial demands for silver, and the historical cheapness of platinum and palladium compared to gold, all within the context of ongoing macro factors like core inflation, large budget deficits, and geopolitical shifts."], ["20260124", "EastGroup Properties, Inc. (NYSE: EGP) has announced the income tax treatment for its 2025 distributions, detailing the allocation of common stock distributions into ordinary dividends, capital gain distributions, unrecaptured Section 1250 gain, nondividend distributions, and Section 199A dividends. The company reported total distributions of $5.91119 per share for the year, noting that none qualified for reduced capital gains rates due to foreign taxes. Shareholders are advised to consult personal tax advisors for specific tax treatment."], ["20260124", "Ecopetrol has been notified by Colombia's tax authority (DIAN) of a COP 5.3 trillion tax assessment for VAT on gasoline imports from 2022 to 2024. The company disagrees with the decision and plans to pursue legal action, which could significantly impact its financial standing and operations. Despite the dispute, Ecopetrol maintains a collaborative relationship with DIAN, emphasizing its commitment to compliance and market reputation, while analysts offer mixed views on Ecopetrol's stock performance."], ["20260124", "The Colombian tax authority (DIAN) has issued a resolution to Ecopetrol (NYSE:EC) confirming an assessment for COP 5.3 trillion in Value Added Tax (VAT) and penalties on gasoline imports, plus interest, for the period 2022-2024. Ecopetrol disagrees with DIAN's interpretation and plans to pursue legal action while reaffirming its commitment to tax compliance. This introduces regulatory uncertainty and potential significant cash outflow for the company, contrasting with recent positive corporate updates."], ["20260124", "Easterly Government Properties, Inc. (NYSE: DEA) has announced the tax characteristics for its 2025 common stock distributions, which will be reported on Form 1099-DIV. The company provided a detailed breakdown of ordinary taxable dividends, return of capital, and Section 199A dividends for various record and payment dates throughout 2025. This information is crucial for shareholders to consult with their tax advisors regarding the specific tax treatment of these distributions."], ["20260123", "Enphase Energy plans to lay off about 6% of its workforce, approximately 160 employees, and restructure its operations. This move comes as the expiration of a federal tax credit has reduced demand for residential solar panels. The company aims to simplify its organization, tighten spending, and prioritize future investments."], ["20260123", "Independence Realty Trust (IRT) has announced the tax status of its 2025 dividend distributions on common stock, detailing the allocation of ordinary dividends, capital gains, and return of capital for each quarter. The company also clarified its position on section 1061 of the Internal Revenue Code and encouraged shareholders to consult tax advisors. IRT, an S&P 400 MidCap Company, focuses on owning and operating multifamily communities in non-gateway U.S. markets."], ["20260123", "Shares of nLIGHT, CSW, Quest Resource, Kimball Electronics, and Vicor fell after the Dow Jones Industrial Average experienced a drop, reflecting lingering market uncertainty. This decline occurred despite a previous relief rally triggered by President Donald Trump backing off tariff threats with European allies. The article highlights that stock market overreactions can present buying opportunities for high-quality stocks and provides specific details on nLIGHT's recent performance and volatility."], ["20260123", "Shares of DXP, SPX Technologies, Oshkosh, Belden, and Enpro all fell after the Dow Jones Industrial Average declined. This drop followed a volatile week where stocks initially saw relief after President Donald Trump backed off tariff threats, but lingering uncertainty and geopolitical risks remained concerns. The article highlights that significant price drops can create buying opportunities for high-quality stocks and provides a detailed look at DXP's recent performance."], ["20260123", "UMH Properties, Inc. announced the tax treatment for its 2025 distributions for both common and preferred shares. The company provided detailed tables breaking down the distributions into categories such as non-qualifying ordinary income, long-term capital gain, unrecaptured Section 1250 gain, return of capital, and Section 199A dividends. Additionally, information on dividend reinvestment plan discounts for common shares was included, and shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors."], ["20260123", "A federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit against RTX and its $58.65 billion 401(k) plan. Former employees alleged that the use of forfeited company match funds violated federal law and the terms of the plan. RTX joins other companies like Amazon and Home Depot in winning similar 401(k) forfeiture lawsuits."], ["20260123", "The 1040-SR form is a version of the standard 1040 tax form designed for seniors aged 65 and older, featuring larger print and an integrated standard deduction table for easier paper filing. While functionally identical to Form 1040, it accommodates various income, deduction, and credit types, and its main changes from 2024 to 2025 relate to updated standard deduction amounts. Users can also leverage additional IRS schedules with 1040-SR to report information not directly covered on the main form."], ["20260123", "Leonardo DRS has opened a new 140,000-square-foot naval power and propulsion facility in Charleston, South Carolina. This facility is designed to expand domestic production capacity for U.S. Navy submarine and shipbuilding programs, including the Columbia-class ballistic missile submarine. The strategic investment aims to support the U.S. Navy's increased production needs and strengthen the defense industrial base by providing advanced manufacturing, assembly, integration, and testing capabilities for naval electric power and propulsion systems."], ["20260123", "Centrus (NYSE: LEU) announced a major expansion of its Oak Ridge facility, converting it into a high-rate manufacturing plant for advanced centrifuges. This expansion will create nearly 430 new jobs and involve an investment of over $560 million, supporting the restoration of domestic uranium enrichment capabilities. The project is crucial for meeting America's commercial and national security requirements, with the first new centrifuges expected to be operational in Ohio by 2029."], ["20260123", "Four Corners Property Trust (FCPT) announced the tax characterization of its 2025 common stock distributions, detailing the allocation between ordinary taxable dividends, return of capital, and Section 199A dividends. The company also advised shareholders that the dividend paid on January 15, 2026, will apply to the 2026 tax year and recommended consulting tax advisors for specific federal, state, and local tax implications."], ["20260123", "Synchrony Financial (SYF) is under scrutiny after President Trump proposed a 10% credit card interest rate cap and lawmakers advanced the Credit Card Competition Act. As the largest US provider of private-label credit cards, Synchrony's revenue and risk management are closely tied to interest charges and merchant fees, which could be materially impacted by these regulatory changes. The article explores how these proposals might alter the investment narrative for Synchrony, whose shares recently saw a modest gain despite the potential disruption."], ["20260123", "5E Advanced Materials Inc. announced key takeaways from its fiscal first-quarter conference call, highlighting significant progress across several fronts. The company noted the formal designation of Boron as a U.S. Critical Mineral, which enhances access to federal funding, and reported advancements in customer validation with full-scale product testing underway. 5E also shared updates on its intellectual property portfolio, engineering milestones, and its strategic path towards a Final Investment Decision (FID) in 2026 for its Fort Cady project."], ["20260123", "UMH Properties, Inc. announced the tax treatment for its 2025 cash distributions to stockholders of common and preferred shares. The announcement includes detailed tables outlining the breakdown of these distributions into non-qualifying ordinary income, long-term capital gain, unrecaptured Section 1250 gain, return of capital, and Section 199A dividends. Additionally, the company provided information on dividend reinvestment plan discounts for common shares throughout 2025."], ["20260123", "Americold Realty Trust, Inc. has announced the tax treatment of its distributions for the year 2025 in a press release. The article briefly mentions this announcement and then deviates into Unity Software's Q4 earnings, indicating a possible content error or an attempt to provide additional, unrelated financial news. Due to copyright issues with Dow Jones, the full text of Americold's announcement is not immediately available."], ["20260123", "Leonardo DRS has opened a new 140,000-square-foot naval power and propulsion manufacturing and testing facility in Charleston, South Carolina. This investment expands domestic production capacity for the U.S. Navy's submarine and shipbuilding programs, including the Columbia-class ballistic missile submarine. The facility will produce advanced electric power and propulsion systems and support naval steam turbine systems, reinforcing Leonardo DRS's commitment to the defense industrial base."], ["20260123", "Leonardo DRS, Inc. has officially opened a new 140,000-square-foot naval power and propulsion manufacturing and testing facility in Charleston, South Carolina. This strategic investment boosts domestic production capacity to support U.S. Navy submarine and shipbuilding programs, including the Columbia-class ballistic missile submarine. The facility will enhance the production of large components for naval electric power and propulsion systems, as well as steam turbine systems, crucial for next-generation platforms."], ["20260123", "Navitas Semiconductor Corp. (NASDAQ:NVTS) saw its stock price jump by 15.68% after President Donald Trump withdrew a plan for new tariffs and optimism grew for the broader semiconductor sector. The company, which develops gallium nitride semiconductors, expects lower revenues for Q4 2025 due to a strategic pivot towards higher power revenue. Despite potential risks, the article suggests that other AI stocks might offer greater returns."], ["20260123", "The U.S. Department of Defense has awarded L3Harris Technologies a historic $1 billion contract to significantly expand domestic solid rocket motor production, a first-of-its-kind direct-to-supplier deal. This investment, provided through the DoD\u2019s Industrial Base Analysis and Sustainment authority, will spin off L3Harris\u2019s Missile Solutions arm into a new company, backed by Pentagon funding. The initiative aims to modernize plants, increase manufacturing capabilities, and ensure a stable supply of critical missile components for U.S. and allied missiles, addressing current inventory depletions from global conflicts."], ["20260123", "Shares of Bank of America Corporation (BAC) dropped 1.8% to $51.49, part of a broader sell-off in U.S. bank stocks driven by investor focus on the Federal Reserve's upcoming January 27-28 meeting and potential policy risks like a credit card interest rate cap. While economists expect the Fed to hold rates steady, banks are navigating challenges such as shrinking net interest income if rates fall, and the potential impact of a credit card rate cap on profitability and loan growth. Investors are also watching BofA's potential role in a SpaceX IPO and Congressional action on credit-card pricing."], ["20260123", "DiamondRock Hospitality Company has announced its 2025 dividend distributions for common stock ($0.08 per share) and Series A preferred stock ($0.515625 per share), with scheduled dates to ensure timely returns. The company, a self-advised REIT owning 35 premium hotels, advises shareholders to consult tax advisors regarding specific tax treatments. Wall Street analysts have a moderate buy rating with an average 1-year price target of $9.97 for DRH."], ["20260123", "VICI Properties Inc. (NYSE: VICI) has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 distributions on common stock, providing a detailed table summarizing the distributions for the tax year ended December 31, 2025. The announcement includes specific breakdowns for ordinary dividends, qualified dividends, non-dividend distributions (return of capital), and Section 199A dividends, along with important notes regarding federal income tax treatment and holding period requirements for stockholders. Stockholders are advised to consult their tax advisors for personalized guidance."], ["20260123", "Defense stocks have recently surged due to geopolitical uncertainty and renewed policy expectations, particularly influenced by President Donald Trump's call for a stronger U.S. military. This article highlights three Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) stocks\u2014Kratos Defense & Security Solutions (KTOS), Huntington Ingalls Industries (HII), and Teledyne Technologies (TDY)\u2014as strong candidates to benefit from increased defense spending and long-term contracts. These companies are viewed as relatively defensive investments with strong growth prospects in the current environment."], ["20260123", "H.C. Wainwright has reiterated a Buy rating and $22.00 price target on Redwire (NYSE:RDW), citing potential upside from geopolitical shifts and increased investment in space and defense. The firm anticipates significant revenue growth for Redwire, particularly from the Golden Dome missile defense initiative and demand from NATO countries. Despite the stock's strong year-to-date performance, analysts expect the company to remain unprofitable in FY2025."], ["20260123", "The arrival of cheaper Chinese-made electric vehicles in Canada presents a significant opportunity for investors, particularly in Magna International Inc. While North American EV manufacturers face challenges, Magna's strong ties with major Chinese automakers like BYD and Chery, combined with its global operations and expertise in EV components, position it to benefit from the anticipated growth in Chinese EV exports. This could lead to a rebound in Magna's stock price, despite past underperformance due to market uncertainties and wavering EV mandates."], ["20260123", "Iron Mountain Incorporated has announced the tax treatment for all 2025 distributions on its common stock, providing a detailed breakdown for each quarterly payment. This information is crucial for shareholders to accurately complete their federal tax returns, especially for those holding shares in \"street name\" where the IRS Form 1099-DIV might only report gross distributions. The company advises shareholders to consult with a tax professional as federal, state, and local tax laws can vary."], ["20260123", "U.S. companies secured $244 billion in foreign government procurement contracts in 2025 with the help of the U.S. Commerce Department, nearly tripling the 2024 total. This significant increase was largely driven by a massive surge in Boeing jetliner orders, which rebounded to its sixth-best order year ever. The contracts, aided by foreign spending commitments in recent trade deals, are expected to support about 844,000 American jobs."], ["20260123", "BlackRock, led by CEO Larry Fink, is in early-stage discussions with various governments, including sovereign wealth funds, to attract capital for Ukraine's reconstruction. The plan aims to seed an $800 billion fund, despite the ongoing war with Russia and existing challenges like corruption and population displacement. Fink, who is serving as the chairman of the World Economic Forum in Davos, is reportedly close to both President Trump and Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky, both of whom are also attending the forum."], ["20260123", "During a House hearing, CEOs from UnitedHealth Group, CVS Health, Elevance Health, Cigna, and Ascendiun were pressed by Congress regarding pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs) and healthcare costs. The hearing highlighted criticisms of the insurance industry's business practices and their impact on expenses, with a focus on core issues like drug rebates."], ["20260123", "Redwire (RDW) saw its share prices jump by 17.45% on Thursday due to bargain-hunting and broader market optimism after President Trump withdrew tariff plans. The company also announced the retirement of the \"Edge Autonomy\" brand, unifying its space and defense technologies under a single Redwire brand with a new two-segment business structure. Further details are expected in its Q4 earnings call in March 2026."], ["20260123", "United States Antimony Corp (UAMY) shares are expected to continue their rally, fueled by a recent property acquisition and speculation about direct government investment following the Trump administration's stake in USA Rare Earth. Retail traders are increasingly bullish on UAMY, believing it could be the next government-backed critical minerals miner. The company's stock saw a nearly 31% increase last week, its third consecutive week of gains, and sentiment on the stock has shifted to \"extremely bullish.\""], ["20260123", "President Trump has filed a lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase and CEO Jamie Dimon, seeking up to $5 billion and alleging the bank improperly cut him off from financial services due to his \"woke beliefs\" and conservative political views. JPMorgan Chase denies the allegations, stating it does not close accounts for political or religious reasons but rather for legal or regulatory risk. This lawsuit marks an escalation in Trump's contentious relationship with banks and Dimon, though their interactions have previously seen periods of cordiality amidst policy disagreements and past accusations."], ["20260123", "The Invesco Water Resources ETF (PHO) has seen 8% returns over the past year, driven by focused exposure to water infrastructure companies and significant government spending. The fund's performance is closely tied to infrastructure investments, with industrial holdings currently outperforming utility positions. Investors should monitor earnings, budget announcements, and the performance of individual industrial holdings like Roper Technologies (ROP) to gauge future trajectory."], ["20260123", "Coca-Cola has temporarily halted the sale of its Costa Coffee business amidst a leadership transition, including new executive roles, and a reassessment of its portfolio strategy. This decision coincides with a U.S. tax court ruling against Coca-Cola regarding profit shifting, adding financial and reputational considerations. The company's future moves regarding Costa Coffee, digital integration, and brand mix will depend on how the new leadership addresses these strategic and legal challenges."], ["20260123", "Enphase Energy (ENPH) stock is experiencing its best week since July 2024, surging nearly 16% as Wall Street analysts, including Citi and Goldman Sachs, have upgraded their ratings and price targets. This renewed bullish sentiment comes ahead of the company's Q4 earnings report, with analysts noting limited downside risk, stronger-than-expected demand, and market share gains for the solar inverter manufacturer. Retail investor sentiment has also turned \"extremely bullish\" on the stock."], ["20260123", "Intel's (INTC) recent earnings beat Q4 estimates but Q1 guidance disappointed the market, causing the stock to drop. Despite short-term setbacks and capacity constraints, the article argues that Intel's demand is strong, and significant investments from Nvidia and the U.S. government position it for a resurgence. The author believes Intel's best days are ahead once production capacity comes online, making its current stock price an attractive entry point with potential to reach $100 this year."], ["20260123", "DiamondRock Hospitality Company announced the tax treatment of its 2025 distributions for both common and Series A preferred stock. The announcement details the record date, payable date, total distribution per share, ordinary dividends, and Section 199A dividends for each quarterly distribution in 2025. Shareholders are advised to consult their personal tax advisors regarding the specific tax treatment of these distributions."], ["20260123", "Former President Trump announced he would not impose tariffs on eight European countries, which led to a positive market reaction and increased investor optimism. However, his mention of a vague deal regarding Greenland's mineral resources has raised doubts. Analysts suggest Trump's policy shift may be influenced by rising global bond yields, creating skepticism among investors regarding consistent policy decisions."], ["20260123", "Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) and other major U.S. banks are considering a temporary 10% cap on credit card interest rates, a move triggered by calls from former President Trump to address affordability. This potential cap could significantly impact Bank of America's profitability in its core consumer banking division, particularly its credit card product line. Investors are advised to monitor management comments on credit card repricing and fee changes, as such a cap could compress margins and influence future regulatory pressures across the financial sector."], ["20260123", "The White House has proposed a 10% cap on credit card interest rates, which could significantly impact American Express (NYSE:AXP) and the broader credit card industry. This regulation could force changes in how issuers set credit standards, design rewards, and price products, potentially affecting AXP's profitability and growth plans. Investors are advised to monitor management's response regarding repricing and product adjustments."], ["20260123", "GEO Group recently increased its revolving credit facility to US$550 million, signaling stronger lender confidence and greater financial flexibility. Despite a significant one-year decline, the stock shows short-term momentum and is considered undervalued at $18.57, with a narrative fair value of $32.25. This valuation is supported by debt reduction, refinancing, asset sales, and a new share repurchase program, though it does depend on sustained ICE funding and detention demand."], ["20260123", "Donald Trump has sued JPMorgan Chase and its CEO, Jamie Dimon, for $5 billion, alleging that the bank closed his accounts five years ago and blacklisted him and his family due to political motivations. The lawsuit claims the \"debanking\" occurred after the January 6, 2021, Capitol attacks and resulted in financial and reputational harm. JPMorgan Chase denies political reasons for closing accounts, stating they do so when accounts create legal or regulatory risk."], ["20260123", "The iShares Global Clean Energy ETF is experiencing a significant surge in investments and equipment orders due to legislative deadlines and increased electricity demand from AI. The fund delivered a +47% return in 2025 and +8% year-to-date in early 2026, driven by an impending \"construction cliff\" requiring clean energy projects to begin physical construction by July 4, 2026, to qualify for full tax incentives. Despite its strong performance, the ETF faces risks from its concentrated portfolio, potential trade sanctions, and high valuations of major holdings."], ["20260123", "EXACT SCIENCES (EXAS) has disclosed $420,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2025, focusing on legislation supporting cancer screening and patient access to diagnostics. The article also details recent insider sales of EXAS stock, significant movements by institutional investors, and current analyst ratings with price targets for the company."], ["20260123", "General Motors (GM) is restructuring its vehicle production, ending the Chevy Bolt EV manufacturing next year and shifting production of the Buick Envision and gas-powered Chevrolet Equinox to a U.S. factory in Kansas. This move is influenced by recent economic and political factors, including tariff policies and the cessation of federal EV tax credits. The Fairfax Assembly Plant in Kansas will take over the production of these models, affecting the future of the affordable Chevy Bolt EV, which is slated for a limited run."], ["20260123", "JPMorgan highlighted an improving spending environment for Calix (CALX) among broadband service providers, citing recent industry conferences and the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law as key factors. Despite some near-term softness, the firm sees a positive outlook for infrastructure spending."], ["20260123", "Critical Metals Corp. (CRML) shares surged after the company provided a business update, including four non-binding term sheets for 100% of the Tanbreez project's rare earth concentrate production. The company also announced a $1.5 billion joint venture with a Saudi Arabian conglomerate to build a processing facility for the U.S. defense sector, leading to an analyst price target increase. Additionally, news surrounding a \"framework\" deal for Greenland from the Trump administration, where the Tanbreez project is located, further boosted investor confidence."], ["20260123", "TransMedics Group, Inc. is establishing a new global headquarters in Somerville, Massachusetts, with the move backed by significant tax incentives from the state and local government. This expansion aims to integrate corporate, R&D, and manufacturing functions, reinforcing the company's growth narrative. While the incentives may mitigate some immediate costs, the benefits to the investment case are expected to be gradual, with current share prices already reflecting high expectations."], ["20260123", "Analysts are highlighting American Homes 4 Rent (NYSE:AMH) for its strong market position, characterized by a large portfolio of single-family rentals and an active development pipeline, amidst ongoing policy discussions regarding institutional ownership of such homes. The company's resilience and strategic assets are drawing attention as firms maintain a constructive view on single-family rental fundamentals. For investors, AMH's existing portfolio and development focus are critical in evaluating its risk profile and opportunities within a shifting real estate market."], ["20260123", "Leonardo DRS has officially opened a new, state-of-the-art naval power and propulsion manufacturing and testing facility in Charleston, South Carolina. This 140,000-square-foot investment aims to expand domestic production capacity for U.S. Navy submarine and shipbuilding programs, including the Columbia-class ballistic missile submarine program. The facility will support advanced manufacturing, assembly, integration, and testing of electric power and propulsion systems, as well as naval steam turbine systems."], ["20260122", "Brandywine Realty Trust (NYSE: BDN) has announced the tax characteristics of its 2025 distributions, which will be reported on Form 1099-DIV. Shareholders are advised to consult their personal tax advisors for specific treatment of dividends. The detailed report includes dividend dates, total gross distribution per share, taxable ordinary dividends, capital gain distributions, and non-dividend distributions for its common shares."], ["20260122", "IperionX has secured a $300,000 prototype order from American Rheinmetall to produce 700 lightweight titanium components for US Army heavy ground combat vehicles. The components, made from 100% recycled titanium using IperionX's patented low-cost technologies, are expected to reduce component weight by 40-45%. This deal supports US priorities to re-shore critical materials supply chains and expand domestic manufacturing."], ["20260122", "Lockheed Martin's Rotary and Mission Systems division has secured a $9.58 million Navy contract modification for combat system integration and testing on littoral combat ships and unmanned surface vessels. The work, expected to be completed by February 2027, will be performed across multiple U.S. locations, with significant portions in Seattle, Washington, and Moorestown, New Jersey. The contract is funded by fiscal 2026 and 2025 Navy funds and is managed by Naval Sea Systems Command."], ["20260122", "Airgain (NASDAQ:AIRG) CTO Sadri Ali sold 4,733 shares of common stock for $18,914 on January 20, 2026. This \"sell-to-cover\" transaction was to satisfy tax withholding obligations related to the vesting of Restricted Stock Units, not a discretionary sale. The company recently reported mixed Q3 2025 financial results but is actively expanding its market reach, as evidenced by a new commercial partnership and a reiterated Buy rating from Lake Street Capital Markets."], ["20260122", "Brandywine Realty Trust (NYSE: BDN) has announced the tax characteristics for its 2025 distributions, which shareholders will find on Form 1099-DIV. The company reported a total gross distribution per share of $0.530000, with 2.8% categorized as total capital gain distribution and 97.2% as non-dividend distribution. Shareholders are advised to consult their personal tax advisors for specific tax treatment."], ["20260122", "The S&P 500 ETF (SPY) and Nasdaq 100 ETF (QQQ) both rallied on Thursday after President Trump withdrew new tariffs on eight European countries, following his announcement of a deal to acquire land in Greenland. This reversal helped put the U.S.-EU trade deal back on track. Additionally, the Bureau of Economic Analysis reported an annualized third-quarter GDP growth rate of 4.4% and an increase in the PCE index, with core PCE matching estimates at 2.8%."], ["20260122", "Invitation Homes Inc. announced the tax treatment of its 2025 dividends for its Common Stock, providing a detailed table summarizing cash distributions, taxable dividends, capital gain distributions, and other tax-related figures per share. The company advises stockholders to consult their own tax advisors regarding federal, state, and local taxation of these dividends as the disclosed information is based on the best available data prior to the 2025 tax return filing. Invitation Homes, an S&P 500 company, is a leading single-family home leasing and management company."], ["20260122", "Martin Midstream Partners L.P. announced a quarterly cash distribution of $0.005 per unit for Q4 2025, payable on February 13, 2026, with an ex-dividend date of February 6, 2026. The company also declared that its distributions to non-U.S. investors will be subject to federal income tax withholding at the highest applicable effective tax rate, as 100% of these distributions are considered income effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business. Martin Midstream Partners plans to release its Q4 2025 financial results and 2026 financial guidance on February 18, 2026."], ["20260122", "Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez criticized CVS Health's \"captive strategy\" during a Health Subcommittee hearing, arguing that its vertical integration of insurance, pharmacies, clinics, and PBMs leads to market concentration and increased patient costs. She questioned CVS Health CEO David Joyner on how this strategy benefits CVS financially while neglecting to improve patient outcomes or lower expenses. Ocasio-Cortez advocated for reconsidering such industry structures to promote competition and prevent what she views as an abuse of power, drawing a parallel to the Glass-Steagall Act in banking."], ["20260122", "Parke Bancorp reported Q4 EPS of 93 cents, an increase from 61 cents in the previous year. The company's President and CEO, Vito Pantilione, commented on 2025 being a challenging year due to significant policy shifts by the new presidential administration, including new tariffs, expanded gas drilling, and strengthened border protection measures. Tensions also arose between the administration and the Federal Reserve regarding interest rate cuts."], ["20260122", "JPMorgan has initiated coverage on Great Lakes Dredge & Dock (NASDAQ:GLDD) with an Overweight rating and a $20.00 price target, citing the company's position as the largest U.S. dredging contractor and its potential to benefit from infrastructure spending and offshore energy expansion. The firm anticipates above-peer growth and margin expansion through 2026, supported by a modernized fleet and a substantial backlog. This initiation follows the company's recent Q3 2025 earnings report, which exceeded EPS expectations despite a slight revenue miss."], ["20260122", "Donald Trump has filed a $5bn lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase, claiming the bank illegally closed his accounts for political reasons after the Capitol riot in 2021. JPMorgan denies the allegations, stating they close accounts due to legal or regulatory risk, not political views. The lawsuit, filed in Florida, accuses the bank of \"debanking\" him due to \"unsubstantiated, 'woke' beliefs\" and placing his name on a \"blacklist.\""], ["20260122", "General Motors announced that its next-generation Buick Envision compact SUV, currently produced in China, will be manufactured in the U.S. at the Fairfax Assembly plant in Kansas City starting in 2028. This move aligns with President Trump's efforts to onshore manufacturing and comes after GM faced a $1.1 billion tariff hit in 2025. GM, which led U.S. auto sales for the fourth consecutive year in 2025, is also increasing production of other Chevrolet SUVs in American plants."], ["20260122", "Constellation Energy (CEG) shares slipped due to conflicting news: New York extended nuclear subsidies until 2049, which benefits Constellation, but PJM officials proposed capping future auction prices and making data centers bear more grid expansion costs, which could negatively impact the company's profits. Analysts have also lowered fair value targets for CEG, and upcoming cold weather is expected to drive demand, creating further market volatility."], ["20260122", "General Motors (GM) announced it will move the production of its Buick Envision SUV from China to a U.S. assembly plant in the Kansas City area, starting in 2028. This decision aims to expand GM's domestic manufacturing footprint and support U.S. jobs, following years of 25% tariffs on the China-built Envision. The move is part of GM's broader strategy to increase U.S. factory work, which also includes shifting Chevrolet Equinox and Blazer production from Mexico to the U.S."], ["20260122", "General Motors announced plans to shift production of the Buick Envision SUV successor from China to its Fairfax Assembly plant in Kansas City, U.S., starting in 2028. This move aims to strengthen GM's domestic manufacturing footprint and support U.S. jobs, coming amidst stiff tariffs on imported vehicles and pressure for domestic investment. The company will continue to produce vehicles for international sale in China."], ["20260122", "Donald Trump has filed a lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase and its CEO Jamie Dimon, seeking $5 billion in damages, alleging the bank closed his accounts for political reasons after the January 6th Capitol attack. JPMorgan stated its decision was not politically motivated and that the lawsuit has no merit, attributing account closures to legal or regulatory risk. The lawsuit claims Trump and his businesses were placed on a \"blacklist\" due to his conservative political views, echoing broader conservative concerns about \"debanking.\""], ["20260122", "IM Cannabis Corp. is evaluating strategic entry into the U.S. cannabis market following President Trump's executive order aimed at expediting marijuana rescheduling. The company has engaged SSC Advisors for guidance on this expansion and potential divestitures of its German and Israeli operations. IM Cannabis will continue monitoring regulatory developments to capitalize on new opportunities while maintaining its international business integration."], ["20260122", "William Blair has initiated an Outperform rating for MP Materials (NYSE: MP), recognizing its unique position as the only fully integrated U.S. mine-to-magnet producer. Despite some operational challenges reflected in its negative EBIT margin, the company's strategic importance in securing critical mineral supplies, coupled with governmental investments, drives strong investor confidence, leading to a 9.37% stock price increase. Analysts have set an average price target of $78.79, highlighting significant long-term growth potential in a geopolitical landscape that values supply chain resilience."], ["20260122", "General Motors announced it will move production of the Buick Envision compact SUV from China to its Fairfax Assembly & Stamping plant in Kansas City, starting in 2028. This decision is part of GM's ongoing reshoring efforts under President Trump's tariffs, further strengthening its domestic manufacturing footprint and supporting U.S. jobs. While the move may not save GM significant tariff costs, analysts view it as a strategic step to optimize its supply chain and expand its U.S. production scale."], ["20260122", "Former President Trump has sued JPMorgan Chase and CEO Jamie Dimon for at least $5 billion, alleging that the bank unfairly closed his accounts in 2021 for political reasons following the Jan. 6 Capitol attack. JPMorgan Chase has denied the claims, stating that accounts are closed due to legal or regulatory risk, not political or religious motivations. This lawsuit escalates prior tensions between Trump and Dimon, who has publicly criticized some of Trump's economic policies."], ["20260122", "New York utility regulators have approved a 10.4% rate hike for Con Edison electric and gas bills over the next three years. This increase will impact typical New York City and Westchester customers, with specific monthly dollar increases outlined for each year. The Public Service Commission justified the hike as necessary for maintaining and bolstering capacity, stating it was lower than Con Edison's initial request and in the public interest."], ["20260122", "Former President Trump is suing JPMorgan Chase and CEO Jamie Dimon for up to $5 billion, alleging the bank improperly closed his accounts due to \"woke beliefs\" and his conservative political views. JPMorgan Chase denies the allegations, stating that accounts are closed due to legal or regulatory risk, not political or religious reasons, and that the lawsuit has no merit. Trump's attorney claims the bank benefited from its relationship with Trump until the accounts were shut down without explanation in April 2021, causing significant financial harm."], ["20260122", "Donald Trump has filed a $5 billion lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase and its CEO Jamie Dimon, accusing the bank of politically motivated \"debanking\" his accounts and hospitality companies in 2021. Trump claims the action caused significant financial harm and reputational damage. JPMorgan Chase denies the allegations, stating the lawsuit is meritless and that the bank does not close accounts for political or religious reasons, but rather due to legal or regulatory risk."], ["20260122", "Donald Trump has filed a $5 billion lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase and its CEO, Jamie Dimon, alleging that the bank \"debanked\" him by closing his accounts in 2021 due to political motivations. Trump claims the bank's decision caused him significant financial and reputational harm, while JPMorgan Chase maintains it closes accounts due to legal or regulatory risk, not political or religious reasons. This lawsuit follows Trump's public statements on discrimination against conservatives by big banks and his recent threats of legal action against the bank."], ["20260122", "The New York State Public Service Commission has approved rate increases for Con Edison customers, leading to approximately a 9% hike for electricity and a 6% hike for gas over three years. This will result in higher monthly bills for 4.5 million customers in New York City and Westchester, aiming to cover increasing costs, system investments, and programs related to energy efficiency and affordability. The approved hikes are significantly lower than Con Ed's initial proposal and include measures for greater transparency and customer support."], ["20260122", "Donald Trump has filed a lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase and its CEO Jamie Dimon, seeking at least $5 billion in damages. Trump alleges the bank closed his accounts for political reasons in late 2021 after the January 6th insurrection, accusing them of \"debanking\" him based on \"woke beliefs.\" JPMorgan Chase has stated the lawsuit is meritless and that accounts are closed due to legal or regulatory risk, not political or religious reasons."], ["20260122", "HII celebrated one year of Newport News Shipbuilding (NNS) Charleston Operations, highlighting significant production achievements since its asset acquisition in January 2025. The facility in Goose Creek, S.C., plays a crucial role in HII's distributed shipbuilding initiative to increase capacity for U.S. Navy programs, including submarines and aircraft carriers. NNS Charleston Operations has exceeded production targets and delivered its first unit within 40 days, leveraging its strategic location and skilled workforce."], ["20260122", "Donald Trump has filed a $5 billion lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase and its CEO Jamie Dimon, alleging that the bank \"debanked\" him by unilaterally terminating several of his accounts due to political pressure. JPMorgan stated that there is no merit to the lawsuit, reasserting that they do not close accounts for political or religious reasons but do so when they create legal or regulatory risk. This action is part of a broader conservative movement criticizing banks for allegedly adopting \"woke\" political stances and discriminating against certain industries."], ["20260122", "CACI International Inc. has released its SEC 10-Q report for the second quarter of fiscal year 2025, detailing significant financial growth and operational efficiency. The company reported increased revenues, income from operations, and net income, driven by new contract awards and strategic alignment with market trends. CACI maintains a strong position in the U.S. government market, particularly in national security and advanced technologies, with a substantial contract backlog indicating future growth."], ["20260122", "President Donald Trump has sued JPMorgan Chase and its CEO, Jamie Dimon, for at least $5 billion, alleging that the bank's decision to close his and related entities' accounts in early 2021 was politically motivated. JPMorgan denies closing accounts for political reasons, stating their actions were due to legal or regulatory risks. The lawsuit claims the bank \"debanked\" Trump due to \"political and social motivations\" and implies that Trump and his entities were placed on a blacklist of non-compliant individuals, which the bank denies using for political reasons."], ["20260122", "Donald Trump has filed a $5 billion lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase and its CEO Jamie Dimon, alleging that the bank improperly terminated his accounts in February 2021 for political reasons following the January 6th attack, placing him and his businesses on a \"blacklist.\" JPMorgan denies the allegations, stating the suit lacks merit and that accounts are closed due to legal or regulatory risks, not political beliefs. This lawsuit is the latest in a series of legal actions by Trump against perceived critics and joins ongoing debates about \"debanking\" and financial regulations."], ["20260122", "Donald Trump has filed a $5 billion lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase and its CEO Jamie Dimon, accusing the bank of politically motivated \"debanking.\" The lawsuit alleges that JPMorgan Chase unilaterally closed several of Trump's and his affiliated entities' bank accounts in 2021 without warning, citing their belief that the decision was driven by a desire to distance itself from Trump's conservative political views following the January 6th protest. Trump's legal team is demanding a jury trial, claiming trade libel, violation of Florida\u2019s unfair and deceptive trade practices act, and breach of implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, in addition to alleging the bank placed him on an erroneous blacklist."], ["20260122", "This article debunks five common myths about Individual Coverage Health Reimbursement Arrangements (ICHRAs), highlighting their increasing popularity and benefits for employers of all sizes. It clarifies that ICHRAs are not just for small businesses, employees value choice in health plans, modern technology simplifies management, they are gaining long-term policy support, and they stabilize rather than destabilize ACA markets. The piece emphasizes ICHRAs as a flexible, cost-effective solution for employee benefits."], ["20260122", "This document from Diageo plc, issued on January 22, 2026, provides an aide-memoire for H1 Fiscal 2026, consolidating previously public information. It reiterates the company's outlook for fiscal year 2026, including guidance on organic net sales and operating profit growth, taxation, effective interest rate, capital expenditure, and free cash flow. The report explicitly states that no new information or guidance on current trading is provided."], ["20260122", "Extra Space Storage Inc. has announced the tax allocations for its 2025 dividend distributions on common stock, as they will be reported on Form 1099-DIV. The company provided detailed figures for ordinary dividends, qualified dividends, capital gain distributions, and other specific tax categories across four quarterly distributions. Extra Space Storage, a self-administered and self-managed REIT, operates over 4,200 self-storage facilities in 43 states and Washington D.C."], ["20260122", "Moderna's CEO, St\u00e9phane Bancel, announced that the company will limit investment in new late-stage vaccine trials due to growing opposition and regulatory hurdles from US officials. Bancel stated that the current environment makes it impossible to achieve a return on investment in the US market. This decision comes as Moderna, which previously focused on COVID-19 vaccines, attempts to pivot towards personalized cancer treatments amid a decline in its COVID-related business."], ["20260122", "Kid Rock and Live Nation executives are slated to testify before the Senate Commerce Committee regarding Ticketmaster's pricing practices and the issue of ticketing bots. The hearing, titled \"Fees Rolled on All Summer Long,\" will address concerns about live concert and event fees. This follows a previous executive order signed by President Trump, which Kid Rock was present for, aiming to combat ticket price gouging, and a class-action lawsuit against Ticketmaster for alleged overcharging."], ["20260122", "ChoiceOne Bank, in collaboration with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis (FHLBank), has granted a $1 million Affordable Housing Program (AHP) award to Fresh Coast Alliance. This grant aims to enhance housing stability for low-income families by funding renovations for four sober living homes, increasing their capacity by 10%. ChoiceOne Bank's CEO, Kelly Potes, emphasized the partnership's commitment to community development and second chances, with further plans for financial education classes and donations to Fresh Coast Alliance."], ["20260122", "ChoiceOne Bank, in partnership with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis, has awarded Fresh Coast Alliance a $1 million Affordable Housing Program (AHP) grant. This grant will fund renovations to four of Fresh Coast Alliance's sober living homes, increasing housing capacity by 10% for individuals in recovery. The initiative highlights a shared commitment to providing safe, affordable housing and supporting second chances for those rebuilding their lives."], ["20260122", "AdaptHealth Corp reported a solid Q2 2025 with revenue of $800.4 million and adjusted EBITDA of $155.5 million. The company announced a major capitated agreement with a national healthcare system, projected to generate over $1 billion in revenue over five years, significantly increasing recurring revenue. AdaptHealth is also focusing on enhancing profitability, strengthening its balance sheet through debt reduction, and evaluating the implications of new CMS rules and tax law changes, while remaining disciplined in M&A."], ["20260122", "The Range Nuclear Renaissance Index ETF (NUKZ) has seen a 58% gain over the past year, driven by increasing interest from companies like Microsoft and Amazon looking to power data centers with nuclear energy. However, the ETF faces challenges including potential policy shifts under a new presidential administration and significant concentration risk, with its top holdings like Cameco representing a large portion of its assets. Investors are advised to monitor federal energy policy and portfolio concentration, with alternatives like the Sprott Uranium Miners ETF (URNM) offering more focused exposure to uranium."], ["20260122", "Equity LifeStyle Properties announced its 2025 common stock distribution of $2.06 per share, with $1.96 categorized as long-term capital gains, highlighting the company's strong financial health and commitment to shareholder returns. The company also advises shareholders to consult tax advisors regarding the specific tax treatment. This announcement comes alongside recent analyst target adjustments, reflecting varied views on the REIT's future performance."], ["20260122", "Procter & Gamble (P&G) experienced a significant slowdown in sales during the final months of 2025, with organic sales growth flattening to zero for the first time in years. This decline is attributed to the fall government shutdown and general economic uncertainty, despite a slight overall sales increase due to price hikes and favorable foreign exchange rates. The company's CEO, Shailesh Jejurikar, remains optimistic that performance will improve in the latter half of the fiscal year as P&G continues its restructuring efforts."], ["20260122", "First Industrial Realty Trust (FR.N) has issued a clarification regarding the tax treatment of its common stock distributions, advising shareholders to consult tax professionals for accurate reporting. The company, which specializes in industrial properties, aims to maintain transparency and compliance by providing this guidance. This move is consistent with their practice of informing investors about financial and operational matters, especially regarding tax implications of dividends and distributions."], ["20260122", "Constellation Energy's stock fell nearly 10% after the Trump administration proposed a policy requiring tech giants to fund new power plant construction, rather than drawing from existing grids. Despite this shock, TIKR's Advanced Valuation Model suggests CEG is currently undervalued with a potential upside of 16.3% based on its unique nuclear fleet and expected revenue growth. The company's strategy to engage directly with data economy customers and its ongoing nuclear uprates are seen as key drivers for long-term recovery to a fair value of $358."], ["20260122", "Bally's International Chairman Soo Kim stated that while higher gambling taxes are not universally advocated, they lead to decreased competition which he considers \"healthy\" for the sector, especially in European markets facing tax increases. He also discussed Bally's \"disciplined\" investment strategy, focusing on acquiring assets at a measured price to maintain capacity for new opportunities, and highlighted the importance of leveraging customer data from lottery operations."], ["20260122", "The \"Sell America\" trade, characterized by the selling off of US stocks, bonds, and the dollar while safe-haven assets like gold rise, has re-emerged due to geopolitical tensions surrounding the push to acquire Greenland. Gold showed significant gains, while the S&P 500 ETF dropped. The article suggests that longer-term trends of a falling dollar, rising precious metals, and foreign stock outperformance may continue regardless of short-term market volatility."], ["20260122", "Modiv Industrial, Inc. announced the tax treatment for its 2025 dividends. Common stock dividends were $1.16833 per share and were nondividend distributions, while preferred stock dividends were $1.84375 per share and fully ordinary taxable dividends. This announcement provides shareholders with clarity regarding the tax implications of their 2025 dividends."], ["20260122", "Vistra Corp. (VST), an integrated retail electricity and power generation company, is set to release its Q4 2025 earnings. Analysts expect an EPS of $2.45, a significant increase from the previous year, though the stock has underperformed the broader market and utilities sector. Concerns about regulatory pressures from President Trump regarding power sector stocks have negatively impacted Vistra's shares."], ["20260122", "Modiv Industrial, Inc. (NYSE:MDV) has announced the tax treatment for its common and preferred stock dividends for 2025. The announcement includes detailed tables outlining dividend distributions per share, ordinary taxable dividends, and nondividend distributions for each payment date throughout the year. The company, a REIT focused on industrial manufacturing real estate, also provided information about itself and included forward-looking statements regarding future distributions."], ["20260122", "Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) stock surged 8% due to positive market reactions to President Trump's calming remarks at Davos, significant AI infrastructure wins, and fresh analyst upgrades. Investors are increasingly confident in AMD's competitive stance against rivals like Nvidia and Intel, propelled by strong data center growth, new AI-enabled PC product launches, and key partnerships with companies like OpenAI and Oracle. This reflects a growing belief in AMD's long-term earning potential, with attention now turning to Q4 2025 earnings."], ["20260122", "CACI International reported a 5.7 percent year-over-year revenue growth to $2.2 billion for the second quarter of fiscal year 2026, with a total backlog of $32.8 billion. The company also secured $1.4 billion in Q2 contracts and raised its full-year fiscal 2026 guidance, projecting revenues between $9.3 billion and $9.5 billion. CACI's President and CEO, John Mengucci, highlighted the company's strong execution, strategic investments in electronic warfare and Agile software development, and the planned acquisition of ARKA Group."], ["20260122", "Analysts are highlighting American Homes 4 Rent (NYSE:AMH) for its strong position amid policy discussions regarding institutional ownership of single-family homes. The company's large portfolio and active development pipeline are seen as key strengths. The analysis suggests AMH is potentially undervalued, trading below its consensus analyst target and Simply Wall St's fair value estimate."], ["20260122", "First Solar has recently secured key patent wins against competitors like Canadian Solar, JinkoSolar, and Mundra Solar, while also advancing plans for a new 3.7 GW U.S. manufacturing facility. These developments reinforce First Solar's position in the utility-scale, U.S.-made solar market, strengthening its intellectual property and expanding domestic capacity. The article explores how these factors could enhance the company's investment narrative, although pricing, input costs, and policy shifts remain critical considerations."], ["20260122", "Lennox International (LII) is navigating significant industry shifts, including the 2026 refrigerant transition and the accelerating adoption of high-efficiency heat pumps. Despite a complex 2025 marked by a \"pre-buy\" inventory hangover and regulatory changes, the company maintains strong fundamentals and a direct-to-dealer model. Current stock prices offer an attractive entry point for investors, with a focus on its North American strategy, product innovation, and the tailwinds from electrification initiatives like the Inflation Reduction Act."], ["20260122", "Popular Community Capital LLC, a subsidiary of Banco Popular de Puerto Rico, has been awarded a $55 million allocation through the New Markets Tax Credit program. These funds are designated to support projects in low-income communities across Puerto Rico, New York, and Florida, focusing on healthcare access, business growth, manufacturing, and youth development. This initiative is part of the largest NMTC round in history, emphasizing the program's permanent commitment to economic development in distressed areas."], ["20260122", "First Solar (FSLR) has become a dominant force in the American renewable energy sector, distinguishing itself through its thin-film technology and \"Made in America\" modules, which are increasingly critical for data centers powering the AI revolution. The company's strategic pivot to pure-play manufacturing, vertical integration, and focus on utility-scale markets, along with the benefits of the Inflation Reduction Act, have led to record-breaking financial performance and a substantial backlog. While risks like policy changes and raw material supply exist, First Solar's technological moat and crucial role in U.S. energy independence position it for continued growth."], ["20260122", "Unilever's shares (ULVR.L) saw a slight increase following President Trump's softened stance on tariffs related to Greenland, easing market tensions. Investors are now focusing on the company's upcoming Q4 and full-year 2025 earnings release on February 12th, looking for insights into sales volumes, margins, and the impact of recent portfolio reshuffles. Despite the market's relief, political risks and ongoing adjustments within the consumer sector highlight continued caution for investors."], ["20260122", "Shares of NN (NNBR), Shoals (SHLS), and American Superconductor (AMSC) experienced significant jumps after the US president announced a framework for a future deal with Greenland, easing global trade tensions. This positive market sentiment led to a broad-based rally on Wall Street. The article highlights that these stocks, particularly Shoals, have seen positive movements recently, reflecting renewed investor optimism."], ["20260122", "First Solar recently had its TOPCon patents upheld against challenges from competitors and is expanding its domestic manufacturing with a new 3.7 GW U.S. facility. These developments reinforce the company's position as a key provider of utility-scale, U.S.-made solar solutions. The article suggests that while these patent wins boost First Solar's medium-term investment narrative and technology insulation, policy risks and recent stock pullbacks highlight ongoing challenges."], ["20260122", "Textron Systems has secured a $163.4 million contract to supply 65 COMMANDO Select variant vehicles to Ukraine under the USAI and US Foreign Military Sales program. The three-year contract includes the building, delivery, and one year of spare parts support for these vehicles, which are designed for various military roles and offer enhanced crew protection and mobility. This initiative aims to bolster Ukraine's ground mobility and defensive capabilities."], ["20260122", "Goldman Sachs has raised its price target for General Motors (GM) to $98 from $93, maintaining a Buy rating. This decision follows an analysis of recent auto sales data and growth projections for 2026. Despite the bullish outlook, GM's CEO Mary Barra indicated that shifts in regulation, including the removal of the EV tax credit, have led the company to adjust its product plans, reducing EV investments while still affirming their long-term commitment to electric vehicles."], ["20260122", "MetLife Investment Management (MIM) has submitted comments to the Treasury Department requesting clarification on several aspects of Section 139L of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, concerning the 25% income exclusion for qualified lenders on qualifying real estate loans. MIM seeks guidance on the definition of \"rural or agricultural real estate,\" specifically whether support and processing facilities for agricultural products, and timberland, qualify for the loan interest exclusion. They also request clarification on the use of loan proceeds, bridge financing, foreign ownership restrictions, and the application of the \"qualified lender\" definition in loan participations."], ["20260122", "Goldman Sachs has raised its price target for General Motors (GM) to $98 from $93 and maintained a Buy rating, based on recent auto sales data and growth projections. Despite regulatory changes affecting previous EV tax credits and emissions, GM's CEO Mary Barra confirmed the company still views EVs as the \"end game.\" GM plans to reduce EV investments by billions while increasing focus on combustion engines, though it will continue to prioritize EV development due to perceived customer benefits."], ["20260122", "Regency Centers Corporation (Nasdaq:REG) has announced the federal income tax treatment for its 2025 distributions to holders of both its Common and Preferred stock. The announcement provides detailed tables for distributions made throughout 2025, including ordinary dividends, qualified dividends, and capital gain distributions. The company also advises shareholders to consult their tax advisors as this information is not tax advice."], ["20260122", "The Metals Company's U.S. subsidiary, TMC USA, has submitted the first consolidated exploration license and commercial recovery permit application to NOAA for polymetallic nodule mining in the Clarion Clipperton Zone. This application expands the proposed recovery area to 65,000 km2 and follows NOAA's new streamlined review process. TMC USA asserts its readiness for commercial operations based on extensive research and test mining data, which indicates minimal environmental impact."], ["20260122", "MP Materials has signed a significant agreement with the U.S. government, making the Department of Defense its largest shareholder, aiming to establish a secure domestic supply of rare earth magnets. This partnership positions MP Materials as a critical infrastructure asset, transitioning it from a cyclical materials company to one integral to U.S. industrial and national policy goals. The market has reacted positively, with significant stock gains, as investors now view the company through a lens of government support and strategic importance."], ["20260122", "JPMorgan has initiated coverage on Great Lakes Dredge & Dock (NASDAQ:GLDD) with an Overweight rating and a $20.00 price target, citing the company's position as the largest U.S. dredging contractor. The bank expects GLDD to benefit from government infrastructure spending, a substantial backlog exceeding $1 billion, and expansion into the offshore energy sector. JPMorgan forecasts above-peer growth and margin expansion for GLDD through 2026, supported by a modernized fleet."], ["20260122", "Susquehanna has reduced its price target for Rush Street Interactive (RSI) to $22 from $23, while maintaining a Positive rating. This adjustment reflects a decrease in the firm's 2026 estimates for the company due to a newly imposed \"emergency\" tax on gaming revenue by the Colombian president, effective January 1, which is expected to be permanent."], ["20260122", "Americold Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE: COLD) has announced the 2025 tax treatment for its common stock distributions. The company provided a detailed breakdown of the qualified, ordinary, and return of capital (ROC) components for its 2024 Q4 and 2025 Q1, Q2, and Q3 dividends, totaling $0.9100. Shareholders are advised to consult their personal tax advisors for specific guidance regarding these distributions."], ["20260122", "H&R Block (HRB) is offering free Tax Pro Review for new DIY online filers, potentially impacting its stock performance. Despite recent share price pressure, its long-term shareholder return is strong. The company's P/E ratio of 8.3x suggests it might be undervalued compared to peers and industry averages, with a Simply Wall St DCF model indicating a deeper upside to an estimated fair value of US$76.40."], ["20260122", "MP Materials has secured a landmark agreement with the U.S. government, positioning itself as a vital domestic rare earth infrastructure asset to ensure a reliable supply of rare earth magnets. This backing, which includes the U.S. Department of Defense becoming the largest shareholder, aims to reduce reliance on foreign imports. The market has responded positively, with NYSE:MP experiencing significant gains over the past year, reflecting its transition into a key player in U.S. industrial priorities."], ["20260122", "South Carolina steel companies are advocating for a bill that would mandate the use of U.S.-made steel and iron in all taxpayer-funded projects. While supporters highlight the economic benefits for local companies and jobs, critics raise concerns about potential increases in project costs. The bill includes waivers for situations where U.S. steel is unavailable or significantly more expensive, aiming to balance domestic industry support with project feasibility."], ["20260122", "Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu announced that the foundation stone for ArcelorMittal Nippon Steel's plant in Anakapalli district will be laid after February 15. The project, with an initial investment of Rs 60,000 crore, aims to boost employment and industrial growth in the state. Naidu assured full governmental support and urged officials to expedite clearances and coordinate with the central government to prevent delays."], ["20260122", "Loar Holdings Inc. has completed the acquisition of Harper Engineering Company for $250 million. Harper Engineering, founded in 1968, is a leading manufacturer of mechanically engineered devices for aircraft interiors, known for its proprietary latching and securing mechanisms. This acquisition is expected to benefit from growth in commercial build rates and expand Harper's aftermarket presence, with Loar Holdings financing the deal through existing credit and cash, also anticipating $30 million in tax benefits."], ["20260122", "Saul Centers, Inc. (NYSE: BFS) has announced the income tax treatment for its 2025 dividends. For common stock dividends totaling $2.36 per share, 26.3% is characterized as ordinary income and 73.7% as return of capital, while all preferred stock dividends are categorized as ordinary income. This information will be reported to shareholders on Form 1099-DIV as section 199A dividends."], ["20260122", "Johnson & Johnson is making a second significant investment in Wilson County, North Carolina, by building a new manufacturing facility for oncology and neurology drugs, creating 500 new jobs. This expansion highlights successful bipartisan economic development partnerships and is supported by enhanced workforce training programs at Wilson Community College, including the new Biomanufacturing Education and Skills Training (BEST) Center. The initiative aims to connect educational opportunities with industry needs, ensuring local residents are prepared for high-quality jobs in the growing life sciences sector."], ["20260122", "Camden Property Trust has announced the income tax characteristics for its 2025 distributions paid to shareholders, which will be reported on Form 1099-DIV. The detailed breakdown provides figures for ordinary taxable dividends, qualified dividends, long-term capital gains, and other relevant tax classifications for distributions made throughout 2025 and an early 2026 payment considered a 2025 distribution. The company encourages shareholders to consult tax advisors regarding the implications of these dividends."], ["20260122", "Elme Communities (NYSE:ELME) has announced the final income allocations for its 2025 dividend distributions. The company provided detailed figures for gross distribution, ordinary taxable income (199A dividends), and non-dividend distributions per share for each quarterly payment in 2025. Shareholders are advised to consult their personal tax advisors for specific guidance on the tax treatment of these dividends."], ["20260122", "Goldman Sachs has lowered its Q4 2025 net income forecast for the airline industry by 15%, citing the economic impact of a 43-day government shutdown that affected federal spending and consumer liquidity, impacting United Airlines' (UAL) earnings expectations. Despite this, other firms like Barclays and Susquehanna have raised their price targets for United Airlines, anticipating strong demand and a favorable industry environment. The article highlights UAL as a strong large-cap value stock but also suggests exploring AI stocks for greater upside potential."], ["20260122", "Jim Cramer discussed Constellation Energy Corporation (NASDAQ: CEG) after a caller mentioned selling the stock following President Trump's comments on electricity rate caps. Cramer agreed that presidential involvement creates too much uncertainty, advising to take gains and move on, despite previously noting the company's appeal to \"hyperscalers\" for its nuclear-powered clean energy solutions. He also commented that the stock had become \"dangerously expensive\" after significant gains."], ["20260122", "IperionX has secured a US$300,000 prototype purchase order from American Rheinmetall to produce 700 lightweight titanium components for US Army heavy ground combat systems. These components will be manufactured in the US using 100% recycled titanium feedstock via IperionX's patented technologies, supporting the US government's reshoring efforts for critical minerals. As the only domestic producer of commercial-scale primary titanium, IperionX aims to provide secure, low-carbon, and cost-competitive titanium products for defense applications."], ["20260122", "Cummins Inc. has received a $2.1 million grant from the Centralia Coal Transition Grants Energy Technology Board to further develop and test its hybrid haul truck systems. This funding, extending through 2027, will support technology development, validation, training, and customer engagement, accelerating Cummins' efforts to decarbonize the global mining industry through its subsidiary, First Mode. The hybrid system, which captures braking energy to reduce diesel consumption by up to 30%, will facilitate the deployment of trial and limited production units, with full production targeted for late 2027."], ["20260122", "The Trump administration has introduced a power auction initiative with bipartisan support to stabilize residential utility prices by requiring tech giants to fund new power plants. This policy is expected to significantly benefit GE Vernova, due to its role as a key supplier of power generation equipment, leading to a 77% stock surge over the past year and substantial order growth in its gas power segment. Analysts maintain a generally positive outlook on GE's stock, though some have noted potential oversupply concerns."], ["20260122", "Crown Castle Inc. has released its year-end tax reporting information for distributions paid to shareholders in 2025. The announcement provides a detailed summary of the cash distributions, ordinary taxable dividends, qualified taxable dividends, and non-taxable distributions on a per-share basis. The company urges shareholders to consult their personal tax advisors regarding the specific tax treatment of these distributions."], ["20260122", "Several stocks, including MillerKnoll, Super Micro, Cogent, Avnet, and Cognex, saw significant jumps in value after President Trump postponed tariffs on European allies. This move, following a productive meeting in Davos, eased market fears and led to a rebound in technology and semiconductor stocks, with the Nasdaq Composite and S&P 500 recovering losses. Cognex, in particular, was highlighted, having recently beaten Wall Street estimates and offered strong guidance, though its shares are still below their 52-week high."], ["20260122", "The U.S. Senate Commerce Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on January 28 to address unfair ticketing practices, featuring executives from Live Nation and artist Kid Rock. This hearing follows a 2024 lawsuit by the U.S. Justice Department against Live Nation/Ticketmaster for alleged monopolization of the live music industry. Additionally, senators have supported an FTC lawsuit against a ticket reseller, and a previous executive order from former President Trump aimed to protect fans from deceptive ticketing practices."], ["20260122", "Weyerhaeuser Company has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 dividend distributions to shareholders, totaling $0.84 per share. All 2025 dividends are designated as capital gain distributions, which means they are not eligible for the 20 percent qualified business income deduction under section 199A of the Internal Revenue Code. Shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors for personalized guidance."], ["20260121", "Saul Centers, Inc. announced the tax treatment for its 2025 common and preferred stock dividends, totaling $2.36 per share for common stock. For common shareholders, 26.3% is classified as ordinary income and 73.7% as return of capital, impacting tax liabilities. The company, a REIT primarily operating in the Washington D.C./Baltimore area, also issued dividends for its Series D and E preferred stocks, both classified entirely as ordinary income."], ["20260121", "Crown Castle Inc. (NYSE: CCI) has released tax reporting information for its 2025 distributions, specifying ordinary taxable dividends, qualified taxable dividends, Section 199A dividends, and non-taxable distributions on a per-share basis. The company recommends stockholders consult their tax advisors for personalized guidance. Crown Castle operates approximately 40,000 cell towers and 90,000 route miles of fiber across the U.S."], ["20260121", "American Homes 4 Rent (AMH), a single-family rental REIT, has received mixed analyst ratings despite a positive outlook for commercial real estate in 2026. While one analyst upgraded AMH due to favorable market prospects, another downgraded it, citing President Trump's proposal to ban institutional investment in single-family homes, which could hinder the company's growth. AMH specializes in acquiring, developing, renovating, and leasing single-family homes across the US."], ["20260121", "Crown Castle Inc. (NYSE: CCI) has announced its year-end tax reporting information for distributions made in the calendar year 2025. The company provided a detailed summary, on a per-share basis, outlining the ordinary taxable dividend, qualified taxable dividend, Section 199A dividend, and non-taxable distribution amounts for each payment date. Stockholders are advised to consult their personal tax advisors for specific tax treatment."], ["20260121", "Crown Castle (NYSE: CCI) has released its year-end tax reporting information for distributions made to common stockholders in 2025. The company provided a detailed breakdown of each quarterly cash distribution per share and its tax characterization, including ordinary taxable dividends, qualified dividends, Section 199A dividends, and non-taxable distributions. Stockholders are advised to consult their personal tax advisors for specific guidance, as Crown Castle reported no Unrecaptured Section 1250 Gain or long-term capital gain for 2025."], ["20260121", "The Metals Company (TMC) stock rallied after the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) updated regulations for deep-sea explorations, streamlining the permitting process for U.S. companies. TMC announced its intention to use the new consolidated application process, which is expected to reduce the time needed to secure commercial recovery permits. This regulatory change is seen as a significant modernization that could accelerate the development of critical mineral resources from the deep seabed."], ["20260121", "Kimco Realty Corporation has announced the tax treatment for its common stock and preferred stock dividend distributions for 2025. The company, a real estate investment trust (REIT), provided detailed allocations as they will be reported on Form 1099-DIV for both common shares and Preferred Series L and M. These details include the ex-dividend date, record date, payable date, and the breakdown of distributions into ordinary income, capital gains, and return of capital components."], ["20260121", "Camden Property Trust has released the income tax characteristics for its 2025 distributions paid to shareholders, which will be reported on Form 1099-DIV. This information is provided to assist financial institutions in issuing 1099 forms to their account holders. The company urges shareholders to consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of these dividend payments."], ["20260121", "The current market is seeing a significant shift towards smaller companies, driven by stabilizing interest rates and new fiscal stimulus. This trend has boosted the Russell 2000 index, which has gained nearly 8% year-to-date and reached new record highs. The Vanguard Russell 2000 Index Fund ETF Shares (VTWO) is directly benefiting from this momentum."], ["20260121", "Camden Property Trust has released the income tax characteristics for its 2025 distributions paid to shareholders, which will be reported on Form 1099-DIV. This information is intended to assist banks, brokerage firms, and institutional investors in issuing accurate 1099 forms. The announcement details the record dates, payment dates, total distribution per share, and classification of dividends including ordinary taxable, qualified, long-term capital gain, and Section 199A dividends."], ["20260121", "Camden Property Trust has announced the income tax characteristics for its 2025 distributions to shareholders, which will be reported on Form 1099-DIV. This information is provided to assist financial institutions in issuing 1099 forms to their account holders, detailing ordinary taxable dividends, qualified dividends, and long-term capital gains for each quarterly distribution. The company emphasizes that state and local tax treatment may differ from federal and advises shareholders to consult their tax advisors."], ["20260121", "T1 Energy is facing a severe crisis due to a report by Culper Research suggesting it is ineligible for 45X tax credits, which could significantly threaten its future. The company is also embroiled in a lawsuit from RWE Clean Energy for alleged misrepresentation and failure to fulfill an offtake agreement, and shows financial irregularities with substantial receivables from Trina. Despite these challenges, T1's stock has seen a year-to-date rise, with analysts offering diverse price targets, though recent reports raise serious concerns."], ["20260121", "INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS INC. (INSW) disclosed $50,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2025, primarily concerning issues related to sanctioned vessels. The article also details recent insider sales of INSW stock by multiple executives and significant institutional investor activity, including major additions by FMR LLC and ENCOMPASS CAPITAL ADVISORS LLC, and removals by DONALD SMITH & CO., INC. and FULLER & THALER ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC."], ["20260121", "KYNDRYL INC disclosed $340,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2025, covering issues such as workforce development and AI regulation. The article also details recent congressional and insider trading activity for KD stock, as well as significant hedge fund movements and analyst ratings, with a median price target of $30.0."], ["20260121", "ODYSSEY MARINE EXPLORATION INC. (OMEX) recently disclosed $30,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2025, focusing on international and national policy related to offshore and seabed exploration, defense, trade, and regulatory issues. Insider trading data for OMEX shows sales by the President & COO and CEO, totaling over $1.2 million in the last six months, with no purchases. Additionally, hedge fund activity indicates that 33 institutional investors added OMEX shares, while 13 decreased their positions in the last quarter of 2025."], ["20260121", "SIGA Technologies recently disclosed $80,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2025, focusing on \"Biodefense funding.\" This update also highlights significant hedge fund activity, with some institutional investors increasing their holdings in SIGA stock while others reduced their positions."], ["20260121", "VAXART INC. (VXRT) recently disclosed $50,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2025, focused on \"Vaccine policy.\" Insider trading activity for VXRT shows 10 purchases and no sales in the last six months, with key individuals like Kevin Finney, Elaine J Heron, and W. Mark Watson buying shares. Hedge fund activity, however, indicates 8 institutional investors added shares while 86 decreased their positions, with major firms like Vanguard Group and BlackRock significantly reducing their holdings."], ["20260121", "Several executives at Protagonist Therapeutics (PTGX) recently sold company shares to cover tax obligations related to restricted stock units. CFO Ali Asif, President and CEO Dinesh V Patel Ph.D., and CMO Arturo Molina each sold significant amounts of stock. These transactions are detailed in SEC Form 4 filings, showing the number of shares sold and the total value, as well as their remaining direct holdings in the company."], ["20260121", "Office Properties Income Trust (OPI) has announced the characterization of its 2025 dividends for income tax reporting purposes. The total dividend per share for 2025 is $0.02, with both declared dividends being classified entirely as a return of capital. Shareholders should refer to IRS Form 1099-DIV for their tax reporting and Form(s) 8937 on OPI's website for information regarding the tax basis effect."], ["20260121", "Alphabet Class C (GOOG) stock climbed 1.9% in after-hours trading after a U.S. tariff threat related to Greenland talks eased. The market rally also saw gains for Nvidia and Meta Platforms, while Microsoft slipped. Investors are now looking beyond policy headlines to company earnings, with Alphabet's Q4 and full-year 2025 results due on February 4th, where advertising revenue, Google Cloud performance, and AI spending will be key focuses."], ["20260121", "The XAR ETF, focusing on U.S. defense technology, is trading near its all-time highs, driven by a proposed $1.5 trillion expansion in the U.S. defense budget and strong performance from its core holdings. The fund has rallied 119% over three years, with significant gains in companies specializing in missile systems, drones, and space defense. While offering high-conviction exposure to defense modernization, investors should be aware of the ETF's elevated valuation and volatility."], ["20260121", "Cedar Realty Trust, Inc. announced the federal income tax treatment for its 2025 distributions to preferred shareholders. The company provided detailed tables outlining the per-share distribution, ordinary dividends, Section 199A dividends, and nondividend distributions for both Series B (CDRpB) and Series C (CDRpC) preferred stocks, advising shareholders to consult tax advisors. Cedar Realty Trust is a Maryland corporation specializing in owning and operating grocery-anchored retail properties."], ["20260121", "Essential Properties Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE: EPRT) has announced the tax status of its 2025 dividends, stating that 95.982458% of distributions to common shareholders are classified as taxable for federal income tax purposes. The press release details the tax attributes for each quarterly dividend paid in 2025, including ordinary income, capital gains, and return of capital components. The company also provided an overview of its portfolio, consisting of 2,266 freestanding net lease properties as of September 30, 2025."], ["20260121", "American Assets Trust, Inc. announced the tax treatment for its 2025 dividend distributions, totaling $1.360 per share, which includes taxable ordinary dividends, capital gains, and certain allocations. These dividends will be disbursed quarterly, and the company confirmed no foreign taxes were incurred in 2025. Shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors, given the complexities of tax implications for these distributions."], ["20260121", "UDR, Inc. (NYSE: UDR) has reported the tax treatment for its 2025 distributions paid to shareholders, providing detailed breakdowns for both common and preferred shares (Series E) relevant to Form 1099-DIV. The report includes information on ordinary dividends, capital gains, and nondividend distributions, along with additional disclosures for Section 1061 of the Internal Revenue Code. Shareholders are advised to consult with their tax advisors as the information is based on the best available data and state/local tax treatments may vary."], ["20260121", "Digital Realty (NYSE: DLR) has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 dividends, applicable to both common and preferred stock. The company detailed how its 2025 taxable dividend for common stock, totaling $4.88 per share, will be reported on Form 1099-DIV, with 79% as ordinary income and 21% as capital gain distribution. Similar breakdowns were provided for its Series J, K, and L Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stocks, along with important disclaimers advising shareholders to consult their tax advisors due to varying federal, state, and local tax laws."], ["20260121", "American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE: AAT) has announced the tax treatment of its 2025 dividend distributions for common stock. The company provided a detailed breakdown of the total distribution per share, allocating amounts to taxable ordinary dividend, long-term capital gain, unrecaptured Section 1250 gain, Section 199A dividends, and return of capital for each quarterly payment in 2025. Stockholders are advised to consult their personal tax advisors for specific guidance."], ["20260121", "Travel + Leisure Co. officially opened its new global headquarters at 501 W. Church St. in Downtown Orlando, marking a significant investment in the city and an enhanced environment for its over 900 associates. The new headquarters, designed for collaboration and wellness, will foster innovation and support the company's growth in the leisure travel industry. This move reinforces Orlando's role as a corporate hub and strengthens Travel + Leisure Co.'s community engagement."], ["20260121", "JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon has warned that capping credit card interest rates would lead to an \"economic disaster\" by cutting off credit for a large percentage of Americans. This warning comes as former U.S. President Donald Trump reiterates his call for Congress to cap credit card interest rates, aiming to address cost-of-living concerns. Banking industry bodies and analysts largely oppose the cap, arguing it would limit credit access and is unlikely to pass Congress."], ["20260121", "Linde plc (LIN) shares rose 1.7% to $440.45 after Citi increased its price target to $540 from $520, maintaining a Buy rating. The increase comes as fears of new tariffs eased after President Trump stepped back from previous threats. Linde is scheduled to release its Q4 2025 earnings on February 5th, with investors looking for volume trends and 2026 demand outlook."], ["20260121", "Rayonier (NYSE: RYN) has announced that its 2025 dividend distributions will be classified entirely as capital gain distributions for tax purposes. This reclassification, affecting the $2.49 per share dividend, could appeal to investors who actively manage capital gains or have loss offsets, while potentially being less attractive to income-focused holders. The article highlights both risks, such as a forecasted earnings decline and concerns about dividend coverage, and rewards, including the stock appearing undervalued and strong past earnings growth."], ["20260121", "UnitedHealth Group CEO Stephen Hemsley announced the company will rebate Affordable Care Act (ACA) profits to its 1 million Obamacare customers in 2026. This decision comes as COVID-19-era tax credits expired, causing ACA insurance costs to soar for millions of Americans. Hemsley is scheduled to appear before a House committee investigating insurance affordability and urged Congress to broaden consumer choice by making catastrophic ACA plans eligible for tax credits and standardizing broker compensation."], ["20260121", "Kroger announced the opening of its new 122,000-square-foot Marketplace in Park Place, South Charleston, in early June, which will be the largest Kroger in West Virginia. The $40 million store will offer a full-service grocery, pharmacy, home goods, clothes, and toys. As a result, Kroger will close its Riverwalk Plaza store in South Charleston and the Dunbar Village Plaza store, with employees offered positions at the new Marketplace."], ["20260121", "Intel's stock surged by 11% to its highest level since early 2022, ahead of its quarterly earnings report. This rally is fueled by strong sales of server chips for AI infrastructure, an upgrade from KeyBanc analysts, and growing optimism regarding its foundry business. Significant investments from the U.S. government and Nvidia, coupled with strategic leadership changes, have further boosted investor confidence."], ["20260121", "Enel Chile informa a sus clientes sobre una pr\u00f3xima devoluci\u00f3n en las cuentas de electricidad debido a correcciones tarifarias instruidas por la autoridad. Esta devoluci\u00f3n se aplicar\u00e1 mensualmente, y su monto depender\u00e1 del consumo de energ\u00eda, buscando compensar un error metodol\u00f3gico en el c\u00e1lculo de tarifas de generaci\u00f3n y transmisi\u00f3n. Los usuarios podr\u00e1n identificar esta rebaja en su boleta mensual y contactar a Enel a trav\u00e9s de diversos canales si tienen dudas."], ["20260121", "Capital One (COF) stock rebounded after a sell-off, with investors reacting to easing tariff jitters and anticipating upcoming earnings reports. The financial sector had seen declines due to new tariff threats, but diplomatic reassurances from President Trump helped restore market confidence. Focus now shifts to Capital One's fourth-quarter earnings report, where analysts will scrutinize credit conditions, spending, delinquencies, and charge-offs amid ongoing discussions about potential credit card interest rate caps."], ["20260121", "Crown Castle Inc. announced the year-end tax reporting information for its 2025 distributions to holders of its common stock. The company provided a detailed table outlining the cash distribution, ordinary taxable dividend, qualified taxable dividend, Section 199A dividend, and non-taxable distribution per share for each record and payment date in 2025. Stockholders are advised to consult their personal tax advisors regarding the specific tax treatment of these distributions."], ["20260121", "Mizuho has reiterated an Outperform rating and a $21 price target for PG&E Corporation (NYSE: PCG). This decision comes as California's legislative session resumes, bringing renewed focus on potential changes to the state's wildfire fund and insurance market. Despite regulatory uncertainties, Mizuho maintains a positive outlook on PG&E, while the company has also announced upcoming rate reductions and leadership changes."], ["20260121", "CubeSmart (NYSE: CUBE) has released the tax allocations for its 2025 distributions for common shares of beneficial interest. The company detailed the Ordinary Dividend, Capital Gain, Nondividend Distribution, and Section 199A Dividend per share for each quarter of 2025, noting that the fourth quarter 2025 distribution is considered a 2026 distribution for federal income tax purposes. CubeSmart, a self-managed REIT, operates or manages 1,514 self-storage properties across the U.S."], ["20260121", "The Trump Department of Education cancelled a $37.7 million fine against Grand Canyon University earlier this year, which stemmed from an investigation into the school deceiving doctoral students about program costs. This cancellation followed claims by the Department that the previous administration persecuted GCU due to its Christian affiliation. However, Grand Canyon University recently paid $28 million to settle a False Claims Act lawsuit brought by a former recruiter, Michelle Mackillop, alleging violations of federal law regarding incentive compensation for recruiters, with $19.9 million returning to federal taxpayers."], ["20260121", "The Metals Company (TMC) has praised a new rule by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) that modernizes deep-seabed mining regulations. This updated framework streamlines the application process for exploration licenses and commercial recovery permits, allowing U.S. companies to consolidate environmental, geological, and engineering data from exploration into commercial applications. TMC believes this will reduce permitting timelines and enhance regulatory efficiency, aligning with their strategy to transition from exploration to commercial production."], ["20260121", "Applied Materials (AMAT) shares rose 1.7% to $323.62 following a broader market rebound, despite previous declines. Needham reiterated a \"Strong Buy\" rating and increased its price target from $260 to $390, citing improved broad-based demand. Investors are keenly awaiting Q4 earnings reports from the chip sector, including Applied Materials' report on February 12th, for insights into capital spending and potential impacts from U.S. export restrictions."], ["20260121", "The Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (VTI) rebounded by 0.85% to $337.97 in early trading after a tariff-fueled market drop following President Trump's threat regarding Greenland. Other ETFs like SPY, VOO, and ITOT also saw gains. The market reaction initially reflected concern over potential trade wars, but eased after Trump indicated diplomacy over force concerning Greenland, although concerns about future trade tensions remain."], ["20260121", "Sun Communities, Inc. announced the tax treatment for its 2025 common share distributions, detailing ordinary taxable dividends, qualified taxable dividends, non-dividend distributions, and total capital gain distributions across several payment dates. The company also clarified that unrecaptured Section 1250 gain is a subset of total capital gain distribution, and Section 199A and qualified taxable dividends are subsets of ordinary taxable dividends. Shareholders are urged to consult tax advisors for specific treatment."], ["20260121", "Sun Communities, Inc. announced the tax treatment for its 2025 common share distributions, detailing the breakdown of various dividend types including ordinary taxable dividends, qualified taxable dividends, non-dividend distributions, and capital gain distributions. Shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors regarding the specific tax treatment of these distributions. The company is a REIT with a portfolio of 501 developed properties across the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom as of September 30, 2025."], ["20260121", "SEALSQ Corp, in partnership with the Government of Gujarat and Kaynes SemiCon Private Limited, has signed a non-binding Memorandum of Understanding to establish India's first secure semiconductor design, test, and personalization center. This facility, located in Sanand, Gujarat, aims for an annual production capacity of up to 300 million post-quantum secure semiconductors. The initiative seeks to strengthen India's strategic autonomy in the semiconductor supply chain and provide quantum-resistant technologies for various security-sensitive sectors."], ["20260121", "Stocks, including Etsy, Upwork, Wayfair, and Remitly, rose in the afternoon session after President Trump announced the cancellation of scheduled tariffs on European allies, easing fears of a transatlantic trade war. This news, following a productive meeting in Davos, provided a much-needed boost to the market, reversing the previous day's sell-off. Technology and semiconductor stocks led the recovery, and declining tariff-related inflation fears caused 10-year Treasury yields to retreat, creating a more favorable environment for equity valuations."], ["20260121", "Shares of rare earths producer MP Materials have seen a significant surge, tripling in value since early 2025, driven by a confirmed $400 million U.S. government investment for expanding rare earth magnet production. This funding, coupled with a supportive legislative framework, positions MP Materials as a key player in establishing a secure, China-independent rare earth supply chain. The stock's breakout above its $66 resistance level indicates strong investor confidence in its growth potential and strategic importance."], ["20260121", "AvalonBay Communities (NYSE: AVB) has released its 2025 dividend tax classifications, providing clarity for investors on after-tax income. Despite a 15.8% decline over the past year, the stock is considered undervalued by Simply Wall St's model, trading 36.8% below its estimated fair value. Key considerations for investors include the 3.93% dividend yield, a P/E ratio of 21.6, and risks such as declining earnings forecasts and debt coverage issues."], ["20260121", "Cummins Inc. has been awarded a $2.1 million grant from the Centralia Coal Transition Grants Energy Technology Board to further develop and test hybrid haul truck systems. This funding will support activities through 2027, including technology development, validation, training, and customer engagement, accelerating Cummins' efforts to decarbonize the mining industry through its subsidiary, First Mode. The hybrid system aims to reduce diesel consumption and enhance truck productivity by up to 30%, with initial trial units and limited production planned for delivery by late 2027."], ["20260121", "This S&P Global Market Intelligence brief for January 2026 outlines significant geopolitical risks, focusing on the potential for renewed US military action in Venezuela following the removal of its president and the commitment of the Trump administration to US security in the Western Hemisphere. It also addresses the likelihood of continued protests in Iran seeking political system change and the US policy on Greenland, where negotiations with Denmark are preferred over military options despite renewed calls for acquisition. The report provides insights into key geopolitical events impacting the economic environment."], ["20260121", "Cummins Inc. has secured a $2.1 million grant from the Centralia Coal Transition Grants Energy Technology Board to further develop and test hybrid haul truck systems. This funding, supporting activities through 2027, will accelerate Cummins' efforts, through its subsidiary First Mode, to reduce carbon emissions in the mining industry by deploying hybrid technology that can achieve up to 30% fuel savings. The initiative also includes training, documentation, and customer engagement, with plans for trial and limited production units, and potential expansion into other heavy industries."], ["20260121", "USA Rare Earth (NASDAQ: USAR) shares increased on Tuesday following the announcement of its strategic expansion into the European market. Its subsidiary, Less Common Metals (LCM), plans to build a high-capacity metal and alloy production plant in Lacq, France, capable of producing 3,750 metric tons per annum. This project, which has substantial backing from the French government, aims to establish a full-scale platform for rare-earth processing and metal production in Europe, strengthening the transatlantic supply chain."], ["20260121", "Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent criticized major U.S. defense contractors like Lockheed Martin, Boeing, and RTX for significant contract delays, excessive stock buybacks, and high executive compensation. Speaking at the World Economic Forum, Bessent accused these companies of letting down the American people and called for them to prioritize factory expansion over financial engineering. This follows similar criticisms from President Donald Trump, who previously ordered a halt to dividends and buybacks for defense contractors."], ["20260121", "Seven Hills Realty Trust (SEVN) has announced its dividend allocations for 2025 income tax reporting, detailing the characterization of dividends per share for four payment dates. The report breaks down dividends into ordinary income, with specific allocations for return of capital, and notes that shareholders should refer to IRS Form 1099-DIV for their tax reporting. The company also provided its CUSIP number and stressed that this information represents final income allocations."], ["20260121", "A new government proposal to cap credit card interest rates poses a significant risk for Synchrony Financial (NYSE:SYF), as interest income is central to its business model focused on private label and co-branded credit cards. Despite this regulatory pressure and a projected earnings decline, Simply Wall St flags Synchrony Financial as undervalued, trading about 49.4% below its estimated fair value. The company's stock currently sits below analyst target ranges, indicating potential for adjustment to its product mix and credit standards if new policies are enacted."], ["20260121", "AvalonBay Communities (NYSE:AVB) has clarified the 2025 tax classifications for its dividend distributions, offering investors greater transparency for tax planning. Despite a mixed stock performance and forecasted earnings decline, Simply Wall St's model suggests AVB is currently undervalued, trading approximately 36.8% below its estimated fair value. The article emphasizes considering the 3.93% dividend yield and P/E ratio relative to the Residential REITs average, while also flagging challenges like declining earnings and high debt."], ["20260121", "Boeing (BA) has received a \"Strong Buy\" rating from Wall Street analysts, with specific endorsements from Jefferies and Bernstein, who have reiterated Buy and Outperform ratings, respectively, and set price targets of $290 and $298. The company is positioned as a top pick in the aerospace and defense sector for 2026 and recently secured an $8.6 billion contract for Israel's F-15 program, along with delivering 127 military aircraft in 2025. While recognized as a strong investment in aerospace and defense, the article also suggests exploring certain AI stocks for potentially greater upside and less risk."], ["20260121", "The Themes Transatlantic Defense ETF (NATO) has surged 65% over the past year, with a 17.5% increase in the last month, driven by rising defense budgets among NATO countries. However, investors are cautioned that pledges for increased spending don't immediately translate into contracts, and individual contractors like Lockheed Martin have shown disappointing earnings, suggesting potential issues in converting demand into profit. The article recommends monitoring contract awards and earnings closely and suggests the iShares U.S. Aerospace & Defense ETF (ITA) as a broader alternative."], ["20260121", "Shares of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial fell over 3% in Tokyo after a report indicated the bank plans a massive government bond buy. This action comes amidst concerns over Japan's growing debt burden, exacerbated by Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi's declaration of a snap election and plans for additional fiscal stimulus. The report suggests the bond purchase will occur after heightened Japanese bond yields stabilize."], ["20260121", "The Metals Company (TMC) has praised a new rule by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) that modernizes deep-seabed mining regulations for U.S. companies. This rule establishes a consolidated application and review process, aiming to streamline permits for exploration and commercial recovery under the Deep Seabed Hard Mineral Resources Act (DSHMRA). TMC plans to submit a consolidated application, anticipating reduced timelines and improved efficiency for obtaining commercial recovery permits."], ["20260121", "Rayonier (NYSE:RYN) has reclassified its 2025 dividend distributions as 100% capital gain distributions for tax purposes, impacting tax planning for shareholders. The stock has seen positive short-term performance but mixed longer-term results. This change prompts investors to consider how the company's total return profile aligns with their investment strategy, especially given flagged risks like anticipated earnings decline and insider selling, combined with upsides like good value and past earnings growth."], ["20260121", "Johnson & Johnson has forecast 2026 sales and profit that exceed Wall Street estimates, despite expecting a hit of hundreds of millions of dollars from a drug pricing deal with the Trump administration. The company also reported strong fourth-quarter earnings, driven by robust sales in its blood cancer therapy Darzalex, psoriasis drug Tremfya, and its medical devices business, even as sales for its blockbuster drug Stelara declined. This optimistic outlook comes amidst ongoing legal challenges concerning its talc products and rising competition."], ["20260121", "UnitedHealth Group CEO Stephen Hemsley announced that the company will rebate profits from its Affordable Care Act (ACA) plans back to consumers. This decision comes as legislators continue to debate the future of enhanced ACA subsidies, which expired recently, potentially driving up premiums. Hemsley is set to discuss healthcare affordability and insurance at a House Energy & Commerce Committee's Health Subcommittee hearing, where he will also offer policy recommendations for strengthening the exchanges."], ["20260121", "South Carolina is considering a bill that would mandate the use of U.S.-made steel and iron for all taxpayer-funded public projects, including roads and bridges. This initiative, backed by steel companies like Nucor Corp. and American SpiralWeld, aims to bolster domestic industry, though critics raise concerns about potential cost increases for public projects. The bill includes waivers for situations where U.S. steel is unavailable or significantly more expensive, mirroring federal requirements and similar legislation in other states."], ["20260121", "Fermi Inc. (NASDAQ:FRMI) saw its share price drop by 8.94% due to overall market pessimism fueled by renewed trade tensions between the United States and the European Union. This occurred despite a \"buy\" recommendation and a $23 price target from Texas Capital Securities, which highlighted Fermi's potential to capitalize on the growing demand for data centers to support AI computing needs, particularly with its Project Matador. The trade tensions stemmed from President Trump's threats of tariffs on countries opposing his proposed takeover of Greenland, with the EU threatening retaliation."], ["20260121", "The S&P 500 (SPY) was significantly impacted on January 20, 2026, due to President Trump's threat of 10% tariffs on eight European countries, potentially rising to 25%, pending a Greenland deal. This trade uncertainty caused gold prices to surge, nearing $5,000, and led to a downturn in major indices and specific European luxury goods stocks. Despite the market chaos, the article advises investors to remember market resilience and Warren Buffett's philosophy of being greedy when others are fearful, suggesting potential buying opportunities during pullbacks."], ["20260121", "Comerica Bank has received the highest \"Outstanding\" rating in its 2025 Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) Performance Evaluation by the Federal Reserve Board. This recognition highlights Comerica's significant community development efforts, including over $1.8 billion in mortgage loans, $2.8 billion in small business loans, and various community development investments and services benefiting low- to moderate-income individuals and communities. The evaluation covered the bank's activities between July 2023 and March 2025."], ["20260121", "Mizuho has reiterated an Outperform rating and $21.00 price target for PG&E (NYSE:PCG) as California's legislative session resumes. The firm is closely monitoring the upcoming April 1 Phase 2 release on wildfire fund and insurance market guidelines, legislative prioritization of recommendations, and the impact of CAL FIRE's Eaton Fire report. Despite regulatory uncertainties, Mizuho maintains its positive outlook on PG&E, which recently announced electric and natural gas rate reductions, bill credits for affected customers, and executive leadership changes."], ["20260121", "ArcelorMittal has increased its offer prices for hot-rolled coil (HRC) by \u20ac30 per tonne for April delivery in Europe, reaching \u20ac700 per tonne. Prices for cold-rolled coil (CRC) and hot-dip galvanized coil (HDG) also saw significant rises, with new offers for HDG at \u20ac820 per tonne and CRC at \u20ac830 per tonne. These price hikes are primarily attributed to new trade regulations like the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) and anti-dumping investigations, rather than increased demand, as import options are becoming more limited and costly for buyers."], ["20260121", "Rockwell Automation is expanding its collaboration with Lucid to equip Lucid's electric vehicle manufacturing facility in King Abdullah Economic City, Saudi Arabia, with advanced software solutions, including its FactoryTalk\u00ae MES. This partnership aims to optimize production operations, support the manufacturing of Lucid's future midsize vehicles, and contribute to Saudi Arabia's Vision 2030 by developing a skilled local workforce in EV manufacturing. The collaboration highlights Rockwell Automation's commitment to digital transformation and sustainable industrial growth in the region."], ["20260121", "AvalonBay Communities (NYSE:AVB) has provided clarity on the 2025 dividend tax classifications, which is crucial for investors' tax planning, especially given an increased focus on after-tax income. Despite a mixed stock performance, the company is flagged as undervalued by Simply Wall St's model, trading about 36.8% below its estimated fair value. Key considerations for investors include the 3.93% dividend yield and a P/E of 21.6, though a watchpoint is the forecast decline in earnings and debt not well covered by operating cash flow, potentially impacting dividend sustainability."], ["20260121", "Despite concerns regarding a potential Trump-era policy to ban institutions from acquiring single-family homes, analysts remain optimistic about Invitation Homes (INVH). Scotiabank maintained a \"Sector Perform\" rating, and KeyBanc reiterated an \"Overweight\" rating, anticipating limited-to-no midterm impact on the residential REIT. Invitation Homes, the largest single-family home leasing and management company in the U.S., is favored by hedge funds and leverages technology to cater to growing rental housing demand."], ["20260121", "Despite concerns about a potential Trump administration policy to ban institutions from acquiring single-family homes, analysts maintain an optimistic outlook for Invitation Homes (NYSE: INVH). Scotiabank's Nicholas Yulico maintained a Sector Perform rating, lowering the price target to $28, while KeyBanc's Austin Wurschmidt kept an Overweight rating, foreseeing limited near-term impact from such a policy due to minimal planned investments in owner-occupied homes. Invitation Homes, the largest single-family home leasing and management company in the U.S., is highly favored by hedge funds."], ["20260121", "SharpLink Gaming Inc. (NASDAQ:SBET) experienced a 9.59% drop, closing at $9.94, driven by broader market anxieties over escalating trade tensions between the US and the European Union. These geopolitical concerns significantly impacted global markets, including cryptocurrency trading. SharpLink, a major Ethereum holder, was affected as investors sought to mitigate risks due to the looming threat of US tariffs on EU goods and potential retaliation."], ["20260121", "Opendoor's CEO supports Trump's executive order restricting institutional investment in single-family homes, believing it will improve housing affordability and boost homeownership. Despite a recent stock dip, Opendoor (OPEN) has shown strong year-to-date performance. The policy, coupled with falling mortgage rates, is expected to positively impact housing demand and is seen as a political move to address voter frustration over rising home prices."], ["20260121", "Textron Systems has been awarded a $163.4 million contract through the Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative to provide 65 COMMANDO Select vehicles to Ukraine. This three-year firm fixed-price award aims to enhance Ukraine's military ground mobility and defensive capabilities. The COMMANDO Select vehicle is known for its performance in challenging environments, offering exceptional crew protection and greater mobility than comparable armored vehicles."], ["20260121", "First Solar (FSLR) shows an indicated intrinsic discount of approximately 21%, with recent share performance being mixed. While short-term momentum has cooled, longer-term holders have seen significant gains. The article suggests that policy support, strong margins, and earnings power contribute to a narrative fair value of $281.65, making FSLR appear undervalued, though this depends on continued favorable policy and trade rules."], ["20260121", "Benchmark has lowered its price target for Gambling.com Group Ltd (NASDAQ:GAMB) to $7.00 from $8.00, citing concerns over higher UK gambling taxes impacting operator economics and marketing spend, along with continued uncertainty surrounding Google Search algorithms. Despite the lowered target, Benchmark maintains a Buy rating, acknowledging the company's diversification efforts and growth in sports data services as long-term positives. However, near-term headwinds necessitate more conservative assumptions for 2026 growth and profitability."], ["20260121", "Scholars Shelley Welton, Levi Phillips, and Nikki Luke argue that the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) has a \"decidedly mixed\" record due to institutional design flaws rather than inherent failures of public ownership. They contend that the TVA's \"corporatization\" has eroded its accountability and democratic legitimacy. With targeted reforms such as a more engaged board, increased transparency, and federal funding, they believe the TVA could serve as a model for public utility ownership in the green energy transition."], ["20260121", "MP Materials (MP) has seen its stock rise by 7.1% after securing a US$400 million investment from the U.S. government to expand rare earth magnet manufacturing. This investment reinforces MP Materials' role in domestic supply chains and is seen as a key catalyst for its magnet business, strengthening its investment narrative despite existing risks like a premium valuation and lack of profitability. The article suggests that while the news is positive, investors should consider all factors including insider selling and volatile share price historically."], ["20260121", "InvenTrust Properties Corp. (NYSE: IVT) has announced the tax reporting information for its 2025 distributions on common stock, detailing the allocation of dividends per share as reported on Form 1099-DIV. The company provided a breakdown of total distribution, ordinary dividends, Sec. 897 ordinary dividends, return of capital, and Sec. 199A dividends across several record and payable dates throughout 2025 and early 2026. InvenTrust also clarified that a portion of the December 2025 dividend will be reported for income tax purposes in 2025, with the remainder reported in 2026, and advised stockholders to consult their tax advisors."], ["20260121", "Fluence Energy (FLNC) saw its stock rise by 7.0% after securing a deal to supply its Gridstack Pro energy storage solution, utilizing U.S.-manufactured components, for the Pioneer Clean Energy Center in Arizona. This win strengthens Fluence's position in the domestic grid-scale storage market, aligning with U.S. energy security goals, despite ongoing uncertainties regarding contract timing and revenue realization due to trade policies. The article notes that while this reinforces Fluence's U.S.-centric strategy, the projected fair value for the stock currently indicates a significant downside from its trading price."], ["20260121", "Shares of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial, Japan\u2019s second-largest bank, fell over 3% after a report indicated plans for a massive government bond buy. This comes amid heightened concerns over Japan\u2019s growing debt burden, exacerbated by a snap election declaration and proposed fiscal stimulus, which caused Japanese bond yields to surge. Other major Japanese banks also experienced declines following the news."], ["20260121", "Energy Fuels stock surged over 7% after announcing the acquisition of Australian Strategic Materials, a deal valued at nearly $300 million. This acquisition aims to create the largest fully integrated rare-earth producer outside China, strengthening global supply chains for critical magnet applications. The company, also a primary uranium producer for nuclear power, has seen significant investor interest with shares rising 62% in January alone."], ["20260121", "Indonesian regulators are considering new rules to cap ride-hailing commissions, which could significantly impact Grab Holdings (NasdaqGS:GRAB) in its largest market. This potential cap, reducing commissions from around 20% to 10%, directly challenges Grab's profitability. Concurrently, Grab's acquisition of AI robotics firm Infermove signals a strategy to offset these regulatory pressures and improve efficiency through automation in deliveries."], ["20260121", "MP Materials (US5533681012) stock has seen significant growth, surging over 36% year-to-date, driven by substantial government support, strategic partnerships, and its vital role in U.S. national security for critical minerals. Key factors include a ten-year Department of Defense offtake agreement for NdPr products, a $400 million government investment, a magnet manufacturing facility in Texas, and a partnership with Apple. Despite strong backing and analyst optimism, the company faces risks related to unproven heavy rare-earth production, China's market dominance, and an unclear timeline to sustained profitability."], ["20260121", "Tilray Brands reported record revenue of $217.5 million for its fiscal second quarter, an increase of 3% year over year, with strong growth in international medical cannabis sales. Despite an improved operating loss due to reduced restructuring and amortization costs, its beverage segment saw a decline, and overall organic growth remains a concern. The company's future hinges on U.S. cannabis legalization, making it a high-risk, speculative investment rather than a strong long-term buy."], ["20260121", "Tanger Inc. announced the tax treatment for its 2025 dividend distributions. For common shares, 100% of the distributions are to be treated as ordinary income. The company provided a detailed breakdown of each quarterly distribution in 2025, advising shareholders to consult personal tax advisors for specific treatment."], ["20260121", "VNET Group (NASDAQ:VNET) saw its stock price drop by 10.18% to $9.48 amidst broader market pessimism driven by geopolitical tensions, specifically tariffs announced by President Donald Trump and retaliatory measures by the European Union. Although VNET, a leading data center provider in China, is not directly impacted by these tensions, investors moved funds to minimize risks. The company is actively pursuing its Hyperscale 2.0 initiative to develop 10 GW of green computing capacity for AI data centers in China and overseas."], ["20260121", "VNET Group (VNET) experienced a 10% drop in its stock price, closing at $9.48, mirroring a broader market decline fueled by geopolitical tensions. While these tensions primarily involve US tariffs on European goods and retaliatory measures, investor sentiment led to funds being parked to minimize risks, indirectly affecting VNET. Despite this, VNET, a major data center provider in China, is pursuing its Hyperscale 2.0 initiative to develop 10 GW of green computing capacity focusing on AI data centers."], ["20260121", "American Tower Corporation (NYSE: AMT) has released its year-end tax reporting information for distributions made in 2025, advising stockholders to consult their tax advisors. The announcement includes a detailed table outlining cash distributions, ordinary taxable dividends, qualified taxable dividends, Section 199A dividends, and Section 897 ordinary distributions per share across different record and payment dates throughout 2025. It also notes that the quarterly distribution declared in December 2025, payable in February 2026, will apply to the 2026 tax year."], ["20260121", "Korea Electric Power Corp. (KEPCO) has requested the government reactivate a pan-government export strategy committee to support its bid for the Ninh Thuan 2 nuclear power plant project in Vietnam, estimated at $22 billion. The committee, which includes various ministries, aims to provide comprehensive support including financing for large-scale projects. KEPCO is actively pursuing the project and believes a government-wide approach will enhance its chances against international competitors, particularly as Japan has withdrawn its bid."], ["20260121", "Navitas Semiconductor Corp. (NASDAQ:NVTS) saw its share prices drop by 9.62% due to broader market decline amid escalating geopolitical tensions between the US and the European Union over proposed tariffs. The market uncertainty stemmed from President Trump's threats of 10% tariffs on eight European countries if they oppose his Greenland takeover, with the EU threatening retaliation. Navitas expects significantly lower revenues for Q4 2025 due to a strategic shift towards higher power revenue and reduced channel inventory."], ["20260121", "Qiagen NV (NYSE:QGEN) reached a four-year high on Tuesday as investors anticipated its full-year and fourth-quarter 2025 earnings results. The company expects to release its financial and operating highlights after market close on February 4, with a conference call scheduled for February 5. Qiagen previously projected 4 to 5 percent growth in net sales for full-year 2025 and is targeting adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.38 CER."], ["20260121", "Hawaiian Electric's stock (NYSE: HE) fell 2.5% today after Jefferies analyst Julian Dumoulin-Smith downgraded its rating from \"buy\" to \"underperform\" (sell) and lowered the price target to $12.50. The downgrade is attributed to increasing uncertainty regarding the utility's business, particularly legislative decisions on funding and customer rates. The analyst notes that while the stock has reached parity with other electric utilities, it faces more significant question marks, which could impact its future performance."], ["20260121", "Office Properties Income Trust (OPI) has announced its 2025 dividend tax characterization, with a total dividend of $0.02 per share, comprising ordinary income and qualified dividends. This information aims to help shareholders with accurate tax reporting. OPI, managed by RMR Group, owns 122 properties across the U.S. encompassing 17.1 million rentable square feet."], ["20260121", "A new government proposal to cap credit card interest rates for one year could significantly impact Synchrony Financial (NYSE:SYF), a company heavily reliant on interest income from private label and co-branded credit cards. This regulatory risk, combined with ongoing discussions about the Credit Card Competition Act, adds uncertainty, despite Simply Wall St flagging the stock as undervalued. Investors are advised to monitor Synchrony's adjustments to product mix, credit standards, and customer offers should these regulatory changes materialize."], ["20260121", "Weyerhaeuser Company (NYSE: WY) has announced the income tax treatment for its 2025 dividend distributions, totaling $0.84 per share. All 2025 dividends are designated as capital gain distributions, making them ineligible for the 20 percent qualified business income deduction. The company advises shareholders to consult a tax advisor for their specific situations, noting that these allocations are based on the best available information prior to the filing of their 2025 tax return."], ["20260121", "Lam Research stock saw choppy trading after renewed tariff warnings rattled the market, despite UBS raising its price target on the company's shares. Investors are scrutinizing the upcoming January 28th earnings report for insights into its outlook and the wider chip industry's health, as political tensions and potential trade disputes threaten supply chains and customer spending."], ["20260121", "UnitedHealth Group (UNH) is facing increased scrutiny due to alleged aggressive Medicare Advantage practices and President Trump's healthcare reform proposals targeting insurance middlemen. Despite a recent share price recovery, UNH has experienced significant long-term declines over the past one and three years. The article discusses whether the current market valuation, which sees UNH as undervalued at $338.43 compared to a fair value of $392, adequately accounts for these regulatory challenges or if further policy shifts could impact its future growth."], ["20260120", "PDD Holdings is reportedly under investigation by China's State Administration for Market Regulation for alleged fraudulent deliveries and tax issues, leading to a drop in its stock price on January 20, 2026. This probe, partly sparked by a physical altercation involving PDD employees and regulators, has prompted legal firms to offer consultations to investors seeking to recover losses. Despite the current concerns, Wall Street analysts maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" rating with an average 1-year price target of $146.39."], ["20260120", "Trilogy Metals announced an expansion of its advisory and leadership teams following a US federal investment to advance exploration and development of the Upper Kobuk Mineral Projects (UKMP) in Alaska. The company welcomed Egizio Bianchini as Strategic Advisor and appointed Olav Langelaar, Matthew Keevil, and Kimberly Lim to key management roles. These additions aim to strengthen oversight of the Ambler Metals joint venture and accelerate project execution at the UKMP, a critical source of minerals."], ["20260120", "Ventas, Inc. (NYSE: VTR) has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 distributions on common stock, totaling $1.89 per share in taxable dividend income. The company provided a detailed table summarizing the nature of these cash distributions, including ordinary dividends, qualified dividends, and non-dividend distributions for each payment date in 2025. Additionally, the announcement includes specific reporting details for Section 199A Dividends and advises shareholders to consult their tax advisors."], ["20260120", "Constellation Energy (CEG) stock fell 4% on Tuesday after a Wells Fargo analyst, Shahriar Pourreza, lowered his price target on the company's shares from $478 to $460, though he maintained an \"overweight\" (buy) rating. The price target reduction comes shortly after the Trump administration announced a new push to increase power-generation capacity and cap energy prices in the Mid-Atlantic, which could negatively impact energy producers like Constellation. This news also follows Constellation's recent $26.6 billion acquisition of Calpine, including $12.7 billion in assumed debt."], ["20260120", "Deloitte and Thomson Reuters have formed a strategic alliance to provide an end-to-end global e-invoicing and e-reporting solution. This collaboration aims to help organizations manage the complexities of evolving digital tax compliance and fragmented systems by combining Deloitte's expertise with Thomson Reuters' ONESOURCE Pagero solution. The service offers reduced compliance risks, cost savings, improved efficiency, and enhanced data insights for businesses operating globally."], ["20260120", "The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in Sirius Solutions, LLLP v. Commissioner that a \"limited partner\" for self-employment tax purposes is defined by limited liability under state law, overturning the IRS's attempt to impose self-employment tax on their distributive shares. This decision may lead to refund claims for individuals who paid self-employment tax on limited partner interests and could influence future partnership filing positions, although its direct application to LLCs and LLPs remains uncertain. The IRS might petition for a rehearing or nonacquiesce, with similar cases pending in other circuit courts."], ["20260120", "Citigroup CEO Jane Fraser believes that the current \"Sell America\" sentiment in financial markets, driven by geopolitical headlines, will not last. She argues that despite initial market volatility, there are no obvious alternative investment opportunities and that the American consumer and entrepreneur remain strong. Fraser and other analysts, like Wedbush, are optimistic that tensions will calm and investors will refocus on the strong fundamentals of the U.S. economy."], ["20260120", "Advanced Micro Devices Inc. disclosed $1,670,000 in lobbying efforts for Q4 2025, focusing on issues like outbound investments, CHIPS implementation, AI policy, and export control changes. The article also details recent congressional stock trades, insider selling activity, hedge fund movements, and analyst ratings/price targets for AMD."], ["20260120", "American Express stock (AXP) fell by about 2% last week, primarily due to President Donald Trump's proposal for a 10% cap on credit card interest rates, which impacted the broader payments sector. Despite the selloff driven by regulatory concerns rather than company-specific news, a valuation model suggests a target price of $384, implying a 5.2% upside over the next two years. Future performance is tied to premium customer spending, expense management, and stable credit performance."], ["20260120", "American Tower Corporation (NYSE: AMT) has released its year-end tax reporting information for 2025 distributions, urging stockholders to consult their tax advisors. The bulletin details cash distribution, ordinary taxable dividends, qualified taxable dividends, Section 199A dividends, and Section 897 ordinary distributions per share across multiple record and payment dates in 2025. This final allocation explicitly states there were no capital gain, unrecaptured Section 1250 gain, or non-dividend distributions for the 2025 tax year."], ["20260120", "Plymouth Industrial REIT (NYSE: PLYM) has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 dividends to common stockholders. The company provided a detailed table outlining the total cash distribution per share, including the ordinary dividend, capital gain distribution, unrecaptured Section 1250 gain, and return of capital for each quarter of 2025. This information is crucial for shareholders for their tax reporting purposes."], ["20260120", "SITE Centers Corp. (NYSE: SITC) has announced the tax allocations for its 2025 common share dividend distributions. The company provided a detailed schedule, on a per-share basis, clarifying the ordinary dividends, capital gain distribution, and return of capital for each of the four distributions in 2025 for informational tax purposes. Shareholders will find this information summarized on their Form 1099-DIV for their 2025 federal income tax returns."], ["20260120", "Wells Fargo has downgraded Edison International (EIX) from Equal Weight to Underweight, setting a $59 price target, primarily due to ongoing uncertainties surrounding the Eaton Fire liability and California's regulatory environment. The unresolved fire claims and legal complexities are seen as significant operational risks, despite some potential positives from a recent lawsuit. Analyst consensus projects a higher average price target for EIX, but Wells Fargo emphasizes focusing on fundamental reasons for rating changes."], ["20260120", "Kite Realty Group (NYSE: KRG) has announced the tax reporting allocations for its 2025 dividend distributions on common stock. The announcement details how the dividends will be reported on Form 1099-DIV, breaking down the per-share distributions into ordinary dividends, capital gain distribution, non-taxable distribution, and Section 199A dividends for each quarter of 2025. The company, a real estate investment trust specializing in open-air shopping centers and mixed-use assets, provided this information for stockholders' tax preparation."], ["20260120", "STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES disclosed $1,160,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2025, covering issues such as tax changes, retirement savings, financial services regulation, and digital assets. The article also provides details on recent congressional stock trading, insider trading activity, hedge fund movements, and analyst ratings for STT stock. The lobbying efforts touched on various regulatory and legislative topics relevant to the financial industry."], ["20260120", "AvalonBay Communities, Inc. announced the final income allocations for its 2025 dividend distributions on its Common Stock. The announcement details the tax treatment for four quarterly dividends, classifying portions as ordinary taxable dividends, long-term capital gains, and unrecaptured Section 1250 gain, and advises shareholders to consult their tax advisors. The company, an S&P 500 equity REIT, develops and manages apartment communities across major metropolitan areas in the U.S."], ["20260120", "U.S. Bancorp CEO Gunjan Kedia has warned that former President Donald Trump's proposed 10% cap on credit card interest rates would severely impact over 90% of the bank's clients and the broader economy, with a \"crushing\" effect on 50% of customers. The banking industry is awaiting clarity on the January 20 deadline for this cap, which analysts believe would require legislation and is unlikely to pass. Kedia also mentioned that the bank's fourth-quarter profit exceeded expectations due to increased interest payments and fee revenue growth."], ["20260120", "Douglas Emmett, Inc. (NYSE: DEI) (a REIT), announced the tax treatment of its 2025 common stock dividends. The total dividend per share for 2025 is $0.76, all of which is classified as a return of capital for tax purposes. Shareholders are advised to consult their personal tax advisors for specific tax treatment."], ["20260120", "Palo Alto Networks (PANW) stock dropped 1.7% to $184.41 following President Donald Trump's threat of new tariffs on European nations, triggering a broader tech sell-off and risk aversion. Options trading saw significant activity in $200 strike calls expiring on January 30, with over 30,000 contracts traded. Despite the dip, Citizens analyst Trevor Walsh maintained a Market Outperform rating and a $250 price target for PANW, with the next earnings report expected on February 12."], ["20260120", "T-Mobile (TMUS) stock dropped to a new 52-week low of $184.04 amid renewed concerns over global tariffs and an upcoming fee adjustment. This decline, contrasting with gains by Verizon, reflects investor jitters over broader market uncertainties and potential subscriber churn due to increased service charges. The company is set to release its Q4 and full-year 2025 results on February 11, which will also include updated financial targets for 2026 and 2027."], ["20260120", "Wells Fargo is relocating its wealth-management headquarters to West Palm Beach, Florida, becoming the first major bank to move such a significant part of its operations to the region. This move reflects a broader trend of financial firms and wealthy individuals moving to South Florida, driven by tax advantages and a growing financial scene. The wealth department, which generated $16 billion in revenue last year, will expand operations in Palm Beach and aims to attract new talent."], ["20260120", "Duke Energy is considering building a 1,360-megawatt natural gas power plant in western Davidson County, North Carolina, on a 1,600-acre site. This project, if approved, would contribute significant greenhouse gas emissions. Environmental advocates are raising concerns about the potential environmental impact and the utility's process for announcing such major projects, arguing that the plant is not needed and would increase ratepayers' costs."], ["20260120", "Nebius Group N.V. (NASDAQ: NBIS) shares are trading lower following President Donald Trump's announcement of new tariffs targeting several European nations, which has impacted software stocks broadly. The stock shows bearish signals, trading below key support levels with downward pressure indicated by MACD, despite a significant 176.02% gain over the past 12 months."], ["20260120", "Workday, Inc. announced plans to invest CAD $1 billion in Canada over the next five years. This investment aims to boost Workday's Canadian business growth, support its customer base, develop local tech talent, and contribute to Canadian communities, including participation in the \"With Glowing Hearts\" reservist registry. The initiative aligns with Canada's \"Canada Strong\" agenda, focusing on responsible AI and domestic capability building."], ["20260120", "Stellantis, with its stock down 35% in three years, is attempting a turnaround after its 2021 merger left it with an unclear identity. The company plans to invest $13 billion in its U.S. operations over four years, focusing on powerhouse brands like Jeep and Ram, and embracing hybrid technology. Despite these efforts, the article suggests a long road ahead for Stellantis, facing challenges such as disappointing U.S. sales and a jumbled brand portfolio."], ["20260120", "Ford is shifting its U.S. business strategy to prioritize gasoline and hybrid vehicles due to slowing EV demand, though it still plans to offer affordable electric models. Executive Chair Bill Ford emphasized the company's commitment to \"electrification\" globally, including a new midsize electric pickup. This strategic pivot comes amid significant financial losses in its EV division and challenges posed by changing political policies and consumer demand."], ["20260120", "Ford is adjusting its U.S. business strategy by increasing its focus on gasoline and hybrid vehicles due to a slowdown in EV demand, though it still plans to release affordable electric vehicles. The company is facing significant financial restructuring costs and challenges from changing political policies on emissions and trade, which complicate long-term planning. Despite these hurdles, Ford aims to improve quality, execution, and maintain market share, while Executive Chair Bill Ford emphasized the importance of adaptability in a fluid economic and political landscape."], ["20260120", "This article reports on the significant performance of various U.S. ETFs, particularly highlighting resource stocks and silver ETFs. Following a U.S. presidential executive order on critical minerals, the 2x Leveraged CRML ETF surged over 61%, and other resource and space-related ETFs also saw substantial gains. Meanwhile, silver continued its rally, with the 2x Long Silver ETF climbing over 15%, as major U.S. stock indexes generally closed lower."], ["20260120", "Citigroup CEO Jane Fraser believes that capping credit card interest rates at 10% would significantly harm the U.S. economy. She argues it would restrict access to credit, particularly for those who need it most, and negatively impact consumer spending. Fraser does not expect such legislation to pass Congress due to a lack of bipartisan support and economic concerns."], ["20260120", "American Tower Corporation (NYSE: AMT) has released its year-end tax reporting information for distributions made in 2025. The announcement provides detailed figures for cash distributions, ordinary taxable dividends, qualified taxable dividends, and Section 199A and 897 dividends per share across four record and payment dates. Stockholders are advised to consult their personal tax advisors regarding specific tax treatment."], ["20260120", "CubeSmart (NYSE: CUBE) has released the tax allocations for its 2025 common share distributions, detailing the breakdown into ordinary dividends, capital gains, nondividend distributions, and Section 199A dividends for each quarterly payment. The company also clarified that the fourth quarter 2025 distribution is considered a 2026 distribution for federal income tax purposes and provided information regarding Section 1061 of the Internal Revenue Code. CubeSmart is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust that owns or manages 1,514 self-storage properties across the U.S."], ["20260120", "Piedmont Realty Trust (NYSE: PDM) has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 common stock dividends. The announcement details dividend per share, ordinary dividends, qualified dividends, capital gains, unrecaptured Section 1250 gains, nondividend distributions, and Section 199A dividend rates for two record dates in late 2024 and early 2025. Stockholders are advised to consult their personal tax advisors for specific guidance."], ["20260120", "Piedmont Realty Trust (NYSE: PDM) has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 common stock dividends, providing a detailed breakdown for stockholders. The company encourages investors to consult personal tax advisors for specific guidance. Piedmont Realty Trust is a self-managed REIT focused on Class A properties in major U.S. Sunbelt markets."], ["20260120", "Jim Cramer highlighted Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE: COF) on his show, discussing its performance in the context of former President Trump's comments on credit card interest rate caps. Cramer expressed hope that Capital One would address a large share buyback and provide an update on its Discover credit card network during its upcoming conference call. He also noted that while a cap on rates might seem beneficial, it could lead to credit card companies ceasing lending for unsecured debt."], ["20260120", "Kite Realty Group (NYSE: KRG) has announced the tax reporting information for its 2025 dividend distributions on common stock. The company provided a detailed breakdown of the allocations as they will be reported on Form 1099-DIV, including ordinary dividends, capital gain distributions, and non-taxable distributions. The announcement also included important definitions for non-taxable distribution and Section 199A dividends, along with a description of Kite Realty Group's business as a REIT owning and operating open-air shopping centers and mixed-use assets."], ["20260120", "STAG Industrial, Inc. has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 common stock dividends, providing a detailed breakdown of ordinary taxable dividends, capital gain distributions, and return of capital per share for each monthly dividend. The company advises shareholders to consult their personal tax advisors for specific guidance. This announcement clarifies tax classifications, including Unrecaptured Section 1250 Gain and Section 199A Dividends, and notes that the December 2025 dividend will be partially attributable to both 2025 and 2026 for tax purposes."], ["20260120", "New York Governor Kathy Hochul's proposed $260 billion state budget will not include higher income or corporate taxes, despite calls for tax hikes from New York City leadership. This decision is supported by an improved revenue outlook, with a resilient stock market, slow tariff impacts, rising wages, and bonuses projected to generate an additional $9.5 billion in revenue over two years. The budget also expands child care spending, allocating approximately $500 million to initiate free care for two-year-olds in NYC."], ["20260120", "Citigroup CEO Jane Fraser stated on Tuesday that she does not anticipate Congress approving caps on credit card interest rates, despite suggestions from former President Donald Trump. Fraser, speaking from Davos, acknowledged Trump's focus on affordability but argued that capping rates would harm the U.S. economy by restricting credit access for many clients and negatively impacting sectors like airlines, retailers, and restaurants. She also expressed doubt about bipartisan support for such legislation in Congress."], ["20260120", "Georgia Power CEO Kim Greene announced plans to help customers save $100 annually on their electric bills, though these savings won't materialize until 2028 after a current rate freeze is lifted. Greene emphasized that Georgia Power is prepared to handle the state's growth, including data centers, ensuring that large energy users cover their own costs to prevent increased burdens on families and small businesses. The company plans to file further proposals in February to collectively lower power rates by June."], ["20260120", "Trilogy Metals has expanded its dealmaking and communications teams following a US government investment in its Upper Kobuk Mineral Projects, a joint venture with South32 in Alaska. The hires, including a strategic advisor and new corporate development, investor relations, and communications leads, suggest the company anticipates increased scrutiny and coordination for partnerships, capital plans, and external messaging. This staffing indicates that capital strategy and investor relations are becoming as crucial as geological findings for the project's future success."], ["20260120", "Churchill Downs Incorporated (CDI) is set to open its eighth historical racing entertainment venue, Marshall Yards Racing & Gaming, on February 25, 2026, in Southwestern Kentucky. The 23,000 square-foot facility will feature 225 historical racing machines, a sports bar, and other entertainment options, aiming to boost the local economy through job creation and tourism. This expansion underscores CDI's commitment to enhancing Kentucky's horse racing industry and delivering world-class entertainment."], ["20260120", "This article compares UnitedHealth Group (UNH) and Molina Healthcare (MOH) to determine which insurer is better positioned to handle current market volatility and policy uncertainty in the U.S. healthcare landscape. It highlights UNH's diversified business model, scale, and financial flexibility as key advantages, contrasting them with MOH's more focused, Medicaid-centric approach, which makes it more vulnerable to regulatory shifts. Ultimately, the analysis concludes that UNH is the more resilient choice due to its stability, stronger profitability, and healthier balance sheet, despite MOH's lower valuation."], ["20260120", "The CBIZ Life Science & Biotech Summit discussed the significant impacts of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA), tax reform, and evolving U.S. tariff policies on life science and biotech companies. Key takeaways highlighted the importance of proactive planning in areas like bonus depreciation, qualified production property deduction, R&E expenses, and business interest expense limitations. The summit also explored the complexities of U.S. tariff policy and customs valuation, emphasizing how these factors shape business decisions and global growth strategies."], ["20260120", "Citigroup CEO Jane Fraser stated that a proposed 10% cap on credit card interest rates would restrict access to credit for many, especially those who need it most, and would negatively impact the economy. Fraser believes Congress will not support the cap, despite President Trump's focus on affordability, because banks already offer low-cost products and a cap would unfairly limit credit to only the wealthy, affecting sectors reliant on card spending. Other banking industry figures, like JPMorgan Chase CFO Jeremy Barnum, have also expressed opposition to such caps, indicating a potential industry fight against such directives."], ["20260120", "Textron Systems has secured a $163.4 million contract under the Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative to supply 65 COMMANDO\u2122 Select vehicles to Ukraine, along with a year of spare parts. These vehicles are designed to enhance Ukraine's military ground mobility and defensive capabilities, leveraging their combat-proven performance and advanced crew protection. The contract is a three-year firm fixed-price award, highlighting Textron Systems' long-standing expertise in delivering robust ground vehicles."], ["20260120", "Fastenal reported fourth-quarter revenue of $2.03 billion, missing analysts' estimates of $2.04 billion, as higher tariffs impacted product demand. Despite strong sales to contract customers, overall business activity was subdued, and growth in certain end-markets was offset by soft demand from resellers. The company also forecasted an increase in capital investments for 2026 and cited higher costs and supplier rebate timing for lower-than-expected gross and operating margins."], ["20260120", "Corporaci\u00f3n Am\u00e9rica Airports (CAAP) announced that its indirect 50% equity interest, Kuntur Wasi, received a payment of US$91.2 million from the Republic of Peru. This payment is for a final arbitration award issued by ICSID, stemming from the termination of a concession agreement for the Chinchero International Airport, which the tribunal deemed arbitrary. The CEO, Mart\u00edn Eurnekian, stated that this payment concludes a long-standing process and reaffirms CAAP's compliance with its contractual obligations."], ["20260120", "MSC Income Fund (MSIF) has announced strong Q4 2025 estimated net investment income between $0.26 and $0.30 per share and a projected net asset value increase of 1.8% to 2.3%. The company also detailed the federal tax treatment of its 2025 dividends, with 81% taxed as ordinary income. MSC Income plans to release its full Q4 and full-year 2025 results on February 26, 2026, followed by a conference call."], ["20260120", "Georgia Power indicates that customer rates could decrease as early as June, following two upcoming filings with the Georgia Public Service Commission. The filings will address the company's regular fuel-rate case and recovery costs associated with Hurricane Helene. President and CEO Kim Greene confirmed the company's commitment to lowering rates while continuing to invest in infrastructure for reliability, including natural gas, solar, and battery storage."], ["20260120", "Duke Energy has converted its former Allen coal plant in Gaston County, N.C., into a 50-megawatt battery energy storage system, with plans for a larger 167-MW system. This project is part of a broader strategy to transition from coal to cleaner energy, utilizing federal tax credits and repurposing existing infrastructure. The company's 2025 Carolinas Resource Plan outlines the addition of 6,550 MW of battery storage by 2035, alongside new solar, nuclear, and natural gas generation, emphasizing the continued role of Gaston County's retired coal plant sites in this expansion."], ["20260120", "Cathie Wood of ARK Invest predicts a stock market \"golden age\" through 2026, driven by factors like lower interest rates, tax cuts, and deregulation. Her ARK Innovation ETF significantly outperformed the S&P 500 in 2025, returning 35.49%. Wood foresees substantial capital spending in AI, robotics, blockchain, and biotechnology, projecting U.S. GDP growth of 6-8% annually."], ["20260120", "PayPal has partnered with april, an embedded tax technology platform, to offer U.S. PayPal Debit Mastercard customers free DIY tax filing for their 2025 federal and state tax returns. This partnership aims to save customers an estimated $160 in typical tax filing costs and centralizes financial management within PayPal's ecosystem. Additionally, customers can access early tax refunds, earn rewards, and use PayPal Savings for their refunds to boost their financial goals."], ["20260120", "PayPal has partnered with april to offer free federal and state tax filing services for its U.S. PayPal Debit Mastercard customers, potentially saving them around $160. This initiative aims to centralize financial management within the PayPal ecosystem, providing users with flexible payment options for taxes, early access to refunds, and opportunities to earn rewards or interest on savings. The service, gradually rolling out, emphasizes an easy and secure DIY filing experience with AI-powered and live support options."], ["20260120", "PayPal has partnered with april to offer free federal and state tax filing for 2025 to its U.S. Debit Mastercard customers, potentially saving them around $160. This service aims to streamline the tax process, with an average filing time of under 20 minutes, pre-filled data, and features like early federal refunds and various payment/reward options. The initiative is part of PayPal's broader strategy to expand its financial services and deepen user engagement."], ["20260120", "Oshkosh Defense has secured an additional contract from the U.S. Army for 97 FMTV A2 Low-Velocity Airdrop (LVAD) 6x6 and 4x4 Cargo vehicles, including Arctic Kits, to enhance the Army's modernization goals and operational readiness in extreme environments. These vehicles are vital for rapidly deploying essential equipment and sustainment capabilities into contested areas, reducing infrastructure reliance, and extending the reach of Mobile Brigade Combat Teams (MBCTs). The announcement follows successful airdrop testing of both the 6x6 and 4x4 Cargo variants, demonstrating the platform's reliability and crucial role in improving mobility for airborne forces."], ["20260120", "Wells Fargo has upgraded Public Service Enterprise Group (PSEG) stock from Equal Weight to Overweight, increasing its price target to $92.00 from $88.00. This upgrade is driven by converging fundamentals and valuation, along with PSEG's strong financial stability, including 55 consecutive years of dividend payments and 14 years of dividend increases. The utility company previously underperformed and faced challenges but is now seen as more attractive heading into 2026."], ["20260120", "Silvercorp Metals, Hecla Mining, First Majestic Silver, and Endeavour Silver all saw their stock prices surge in pre-market trading, driven by a rally in silver prices that pushed spot silver above $95. This increase is attributed to geopolitical uncertainties, including President Trump's Greenland push, and surging demand for silver in AI and solar technologies. Economist Peter Schiff, however, warns that this metals rally could be a sign of deeper financial troubles, comparing it to the 2007 subprime mortgage crisis."], ["20260120", "Trilogy Metals has expanded its advisory and leadership teams following a US federal government investment aimed at advancing the Upper Kobuk Mineral Projects in Alaska. The company appointed Egizio Bianchini as Strategic Advisor and elevated Olav Langelaar, Matthew Keevil, and Kimberly Lim to key leadership roles. This move aligns with accelerated project activities and permitting efforts for the joint venture with South32."], ["20260120", "Needham downgraded AXT, Inc. (NASDAQ:AXTI) from Buy to Hold, citing concerns that the stock has \"outrun itself\" due to retail investor enthusiasm and a valuation difficult to justify on fundamentals. The firm also highlighted AXT's significant reliance on Chinese government policies for revenue potential as an ongoing risk. This downgrade comes while other semiconductor equipment stocks like Ichor Holdings (NASDAQ:ICHR) show similar valuation concerns and varied analyst perspectives despite some positive financial outlooks."], ["20260120", "Jim Cramer discussed Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE: COF) on his show, focusing on the potential impact of President Trump's comments on credit card interest rate caps. Cramer expressed hope that Capital One would discuss a \"humongous buyback\" and details about its Discover credit card network during its upcoming conference call. He noted that while a cap on interest rates could be detrimental to credit availability, he believes the president has moved on from the issue, leading to a rally in bank stocks including Capital One."], ["20260120", "Critical Metals Corp (CRML) saw its stock jump nearly 10% in premarket trading due to renewed political attention on Greenland and strong investor anticipation for a company update later this week. The rare earths miner's Tanbreez project in Greenland is crucial for the Western rare earths supply chain, with the company recently announcing a non-binding joint venture with Saudi Arabia for processing. Investors are closely watching for concrete updates on financing, permitting, and the integration of the Saudi deal."], ["20260120", "Valero Energy Corp. is laying off 237 employees and permanently idling operating units at its Benicia Refinery in Northern California between March 15 and July 1. The San Antonio-based refiner informed state and local officials of the mass layoffs, which stem from its earlier announcement to shut down or restructure operations at the Bay Area plant. Valero will continue to produce gasoline at Benicia through April while increasing imports to supply Northern California."], ["20260120", "Unusual Machines Inc. (UMAC) has secured a US$2.1 million purchase order for domestically assembled drone systems for defense and government applications, with fulfillment expected in Q1 and Q2 2026. This order, along with a significant backlog, positions UMAC for substantial growth, especially with potential increased defense spending on unmanned technologies, leading one analyst to project 2026 as \"The Year of the Drone.\" The company is poised to benefit from several major U.S. drone programs and a recent FCC ban on foreign-produced drones, despite facing some production challenges."], ["20260120", "Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEPCO) has urged the Korean government to reactivate the \"Pan-Government Export Strategy Committee\" to secure orders for Vietnam's Nintuon 2 nuclear power plant project. KEPCO is also exploring the use of the newly established Strategic Export Finance Fund for this venture, aiming to leverage government support for large-scale funding. This move signals Korea's ambition to expand its nuclear energy exports into the global South, with projects in countries like Turkiye, Saudi Arabia, and the UAE also on the radar."], ["20260120", "President Trump's executive order to reschedule cannabis to Schedule 3 is seen as a pivotal moment for the U.S. cannabis industry, potentially eliminating the punitive Section 280E tax rule. This change would allow cannabis businesses to deduct standard operating expenses, significantly improving their financial health. While this move is expected to boost the market, challenges remain regarding major exchange listings and banking provisions, leading to an anticipated period of volatility."], ["20260120", "PPL Corporation (PPL) has responded positively to the call from former President Trump and a bipartisan group of governors for PJM Interconnection to hold a special auction to fund new generation for data centers. PPL President and CEO Vincent Sorgi emphasized the urgent need for new, dispatchable generation and highlighted PPL's joint venture with Blackstone Infrastructure, formed to build and operate such facilities and mitigate rising electricity prices. The company also supports proposed Pennsylvania legislation that would facilitate this construction and allow utilities like PPL Electric Utilities to own regulated generation again."], ["20260120", "The U.S. Justice Department is reportedly considering easing firearm regulations, which could impact gun manufacturers like Smith & Wesson and Sturm, Ruger & Co. These changes, potentially announced at the National Shooting Sports Foundation trade show, follow the Trump administration's intent to reverse previous firearm restrictions. The news has already started to influence retail sentiment for these gun stocks."], ["20260120", "The Geo Group's subsidiary, BI, has been awarded a two-year contract by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) for the Intensive Supervision Appearance Program (ISAP). This contract, valued at up to $427 million, represents a significant renewal and expansion for BI's services. The ISAP program provides supervision and case management services for migrants residing in the U.S. as they await immigration proceedings."], ["20260120", "Former President Trump's announcement of tariffs on European countries opposing his Greenland acquisition has intensified U.S. interest in Greenland's critical metals. This development, coupled with Critical Metals' new joint venture in Saudi Arabia for rare-earth processing, has led to an 18% surge in the company's stock and a significant shift to \"extremely bullish\" sentiment among investors, according to Stocktwits data. Critical Metals, with its key projects in Greenland and Austria, is strategically positioned to supply essential minerals for defense, clean energy, and technology sectors amidst rising market optimism."], ["20260120", "The article evaluates the Roundhill Magnificent Seven Covered Call ETF (MAGY), which uses a covered call strategy on \"Mag 7\" tech stocks for monthly income. The author is skeptical of MAGY's value due to its underperformance and questionable tax efficiency compared to direct ownership of the underlying stocks. The piece concludes that MAGY is an unattractive investment, especially as its structure fails to provide effective downside protection for bearish investors, and its underperformance relative to pure Magnificent Seven exposure is expected to continue."], ["20260120", "This article discusses the key market drivers for the current week, focusing on upcoming earnings reports, particularly from regional banks and airlines like United and GE Aerospace. It also highlights the impact of political developments, including President Trump's tariff threats and proposed regulations on credit card interest rates, and observes a potential stock market rotation away from tech stocks towards basic materials, small caps, and value stocks."], ["20260120", "Equinix, Inc. has announced the tax treatment for all 2025 distributions on its common stock, detailing the breakdown per share for each quarter. The company provided a table outlining the total distribution, ordinary taxable dividend, qualified taxable dividend, return of capital, and Section 199A dividend. Equinix advises stockholders to consult their tax advisors as federal tax laws and state/local taxations of REIT distributions can vary."], ["20260120", "Actelis Networks Inc. has successfully completed the delivery of an approximately $0.5 million order to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for advanced hybrid-fiber networking solutions. This delivery supports the FAA's comprehensive modernization initiative, providing cyber-hardened networking technology for critical air traffic control infrastructure. The project highlights Actelis' ability to deliver rapid and secure infrastructure upgrades, potentially paving the way for future phases of the FAA's modernization efforts."], ["20260120", "The U.S. Justice Department is reportedly considering easing firearm restrictions, including changes to regulations concerning private sales, firearm imports, and licensing fees. This move could significantly impact gun stocks like Smith & Wesson Brands (SWBI) and Sturm, Ruger & Co. (RGR), as an increase in firearm sales is anticipated. The potential changes, expected to be announced at a major gun trade show, align with the Donald Trump administration's intent to reverse previous firearm regulations."], ["20260120", "STMicroelectronics stock dropped nearly 5% in European trading after former U.S. President Donald Trump threatened new tariffs on several European nations unless the U.S. can purchase Greenland. The markets are bracing for a \"risk-off\" environment as the EU prepares potential retaliation. Investors are also looking ahead to STMicroelectronics' Q4 and full-year 2025 earnings release on January 29."], ["20260120", "Morgan Stanley believes that the tariff threat posed by Trump regarding Greenland presents a limited, company-specific risk to European stocks, rather than a broad-based systemic shock. Only a small percentage of MSCI Europe revenues are directly exposed to the proposed tariffs. The bank remains overweight on European defense stocks as the situation highlights Europe's commitment to strategic autonomy."], ["20260120", "First Solar's (FSLR) stock price is under scrutiny as investors await renewed tariff talks, the upcoming Federal Reserve meeting, and the company's earnings report. Trading for FSLR picks up on Tuesday, January 20, after the Martin Luther King Jr. Day market closure, with new tariffs on European imports announced by President Trump adding to market uncertainty. Analysts have downgraded FSLR due to valuation concerns and weak booking visibility, despite the company's efforts to expand its U.S. manufacturing capacity."], ["20260120", "BP traded 50,000 tons of Eurobob gasoline (E5 and E10) as Northwest European gasoline refinery margins increased. Concurrently, BP bought over 3 million ordinary shares for its buyback program. The company's stock experienced a 1% decline, mirroring a broader dip in European energy stocks due to market apprehension over President Trump's tariff declarations against eight European nations."], ["20260119", "Intel's stock faces a volatile open on Tuesday due to President Trump's new tariff threats against European nations, which have already impacted global markets and semiconductor stocks. The chipmaker, which saw a 2.8% drop on Friday, is also preparing to release its Q4 and full-year earnings later this week, with investors closely watching its performance and outlook amidst heightened trade tensions. The tariffs could further impact Intel's supply chain and costs, adding pressure as the company works to scale its next-generation manufacturing processes and compete with rivals like AMD."], ["20260119", "5E Advanced Materials Inc. (Nasdaq: FEAM)(ASX: 5EA) announced it will host its Q1 call on Thursday, November 13, 2025, at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time. The call will cover operational progress and market positioning, especially after boron's inclusion in the 2025 U.S. Critical Minerals List. The company is focused on becoming a global leader in refined borates and advanced boron derivative materials, leveraging its large domestic boron resource in Southern California."], ["20260119", "Bernstein maintains an Outperform rating and a $444 price target for UnitedHealth Group (UNH), designating it a top pick for 2026, anticipating a recovery in Medicare Advantage and Medicaid margins. The article highlights that UnitedHealth's upcoming earnings report on January 27th will be heavily scrutinized for medical cost trends and future guidance. It also notes the political scrutiny UnitedHealth faces regarding its practices and affordability concerns."], ["20260119", "UnitedHealth (UNH) stock is facing potential headwinds despite trading at a historical discount and having Warren Buffett as an investor. New Medicare accusations regarding \"aggressive tactics\" to maximize payments and former President Trump's \"Great Healthcare Plan\" targeting insurance brokers could negatively impact UNH's margins and growth prospects. Investors are advised to exercise caution ahead of the Q4 earnings report on January 27th, as technical indicators and options traders suggest a potential downside."], ["20260119", "HealthEquity Inc (HQY) is gaining quiet attention on Wall Street as a potential long-term growth stock, despite not being a mainstream trending company. The article explains that HQY is a pure-play on the exploding Health Savings Account (HSA) market, generating revenue from account administration and invested balances. It positions HealthEquity as critical, scalable infrastructure in the healthcare finance system, offering a focused advantage over larger competitors by specializing in HSAs and other consumer-directed benefits."], ["20260119", "Getty Realty (GTY) announced the detailed allocation of its 2025 common stock dividends, totaling US$1.88 per share, specifying tax reporting across various income types. The company also highlighted full portfolio occupancy and US$235 million in 2025 investment activity, reinforcing its focus on convenience and automotive retail real estate. While supporting the near-term income story, this information does not alter their growth driver of acquisitions or the long-term risk from shifts in transportation and fuel demand, prompting investors to consider future changes in driving habits and fuel demand on asset values."], ["20260119", "Hecla Mining stock is poised for its third consecutive day of gains, benefiting from heightened geopolitical tensions surrounding Trump's renewed interest in Greenland, which is boosting demand for safe-haven gold and silver. The company's shares were up nearly 8% in overnight trading and have already surged over 38% this year, extending a massive 300% rally from 2025. This rally is further supported by Hecla's recent inclusion in the S&P MidCap 400 Index and its increased focus on gold exploration, with permit approval for its Polaris Exploration Project."], ["20260119", "ICE has hired BI Incorporated, a subsidiary of the private prison company GEO Group, to conduct \"skip tracing\" investigations using private bounty hunters to locate immigrants for cash bonuses. This troubling development, which could see the contract balloon to $121 million by 2027, raises concerns about the exploitation of vulnerable populations and the potential for abuse, as GEO Group profits from both tracking and imprisoning immigrants. Critics highlight GEO's history of mistreatment and the dangers of allowing private actors operating in secrecy to track individuals using tools like Google Maps."], ["20260119", "This article summarizes key labor and employment news as of January 19, 2026. It reports on the Trump administration's decision to pause student loan wage garnishment, Valero Energy Corp.'s planned layoffs at its Benicia refinery, and a federal court order for North Central Healthcare to pay $162,486 in back wages to 68 employees for violations between 2021 and 2023. These events highlight ongoing developments in economic policy, corporate employment shifts, and labor law enforcement."], ["20260119", "The Zacks Analyst Blog discusses the potential impact of President Trump's \"Great Healthcare Plan\" on major health insurers like UnitedHealth Group, Centene, Humana, and Elevance Health. The plan aims to lower drug prices, reduce insurance premiums, and increase transparency, but critics express concerns about its implementation and potential negative effects on individuals with pre-existing conditions and insurer profitability. The article highlights the financial implications for these companies, noting their current Zacks Ranks."], ["20260119", "ARDELYX INC. disclosed $580,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2025, focusing on issues related to kidney treatments, drug pricing, and Medicare access. Insider trading activity for ARDX shows significant sales by officers, while institutional investors show mixed activity with some large additions and reductions in holdings. Wall Street analysts have issued unanimous \"Buy\" ratings and a median price target of $14.0 for ARDX."], ["20260119", "Broadcom (AVGO) shares closed higher on Friday but face a test on Tuesday as trade tariff threats create a \"risk-off\" mood in the tech sector. The company, a key player in AI infrastructure, is sensitive to macro shifts and policy tweaks. Investors are also looking forward to its fiscal first-quarter results, expected on March 4th."], ["20260119", "Oracle is moving forward with plans for a massive new headquarters in Nashville, having filed permits to demolish existing industrial buildings on an 80-acre site. The project is estimated to cost $4.5 billion, with the company aiming to have 8,500 workers in Nashville by 2031, despite its current headquarters remaining in Austin until completion. Oracle is committed to funding up to $175 million in public infrastructure as part of an incentive deal, which it expects to recoup through property tax reductions."], ["20260119", "Wells Fargo maintained an Overweight rating on Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) and increased its price target to $301, citing favorable AWS revisions and strong Q4 EPS performance. Amazon was also reported to be discussing price adjustments with suppliers due to reduced U.S. tariffs on Chinese imports. Despite its potential, the article suggests that certain AI stocks may offer greater upside and less risk."], ["20260119", "Science Applications International Corporation (NASDAQ: SAIC) recently received a reaffirmed \"Buy\" rating from Citi with a raised price target of $133, while UBS reiterated a \"Hold\" rating with a $113 price target. Analysts noted SAIC's robust fiscal Q3 2026 backlog growth, despite a year-over-year revenue contraction attributed to a government shutdown. The company, a technology integrator for US government clients, delivered an EPS of $2.58, exceeding estimates."], ["20260119", "A Supreme Court ruling on the legality of former President Trump's tariffs, particularly those under IEEPA, is imminent and could cause market volatility. The iShares U.S. Tech Independence Focused ETF (IETC) offers investors a way to hedge against these potential disruptions by investing in American technology companies that are less exposed to trade policy changes. The ETF has outperformed the S&P 500, demonstrating its resilience due to its focus on tariff-resistant software and semiconductor sectors."], ["20260119", "Canada's new tariff policy on Chinese-made electric vehicles, reducing the rate from 100% to 6.1% with an annual cap of 49,000 vehicles, is expected to significantly benefit Lotus Technology Inc. This tariff reduction could lead to an approximate 50% decrease in the retail price of Lotus's Eletre hyper SUV in the Canadian market, enhancing its competitiveness in the luxury EV segment. Lotus Tech, the only Chinese-manufactured EV provider in North America for vehicles above $80,000, plans to increase investment in Canada and leverage its existing dealership network for market expansion."], ["20260119", "Great Lakes Dredge & Dock (GLDD) shares rose 10.2% following increased investor interest due to government-backed projects, an improving project backlog, and a new US$50 million share repurchase program. Analysts have revised near-term earnings forecasts upwards, indicating confidence in the company's operations, particularly its reliance on government-funded infrastructure. The share buyback further strengthens investor sentiment alongside growing trading volumes and positive analyst revisions."], ["20260119", "Wells Fargo has reiterated its \"Overweight\" rating for Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) and increased its price target to $301 from $295, citing strong Q4 EPS performance and favorable AWS revision forecasts. The firm also named Amazon as its top Internet pick for 2026. This comes as Amazon is also discussing price adjustments with suppliers due to reduced U.S. tariffs on Chinese imports."], ["20260119", "British American Tobacco Plc's (BAT) South Africa subsidiary announced it would cease local cigarette production due to the impact of illicit trade. The company plans to close its Gauteng factory, which has been operating since 1975, by year-end and shift to importing cigarettes. This decision comes as illicit trade is estimated to account for 75% of the South African cigarette market, reducing the factory's operational capacity to 35%."], ["20260119", "Wall Street analysts have mixed views on Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC). Citi maintained a Buy rating and raised its price target to $133 due to a positive outlook for the aerospace and defense sector, while UBS reiterated a Hold rating with a $113 target, acknowledging SAIC's performance improvement but noting a decline in funded backlog. The company surpassed EPS estimates in Q3 2026, though revenue fell year-over-year, partially attributed to a government shutdown."], ["20260119", "A Supreme Court ruling on the legality of President Trump's tariffs is imminent, potentially causing stock market volatility. The iShares U.S. Tech Independence Focused ETF (NYSEMKT: IETC) is presented as a hedging option, investing in American technology companies resistant to tariff disruptions. This ETF has historically outperformed the S&P 500, demonstrating resilience against unpredictable trade policies due to its focus on domestically produced goods and digital products."], ["20260119", "Stifel analyst Brad Reback maintains a Buy rating on ServiceNow (NOW) despite anticipating near-term headwinds from reduced U.S. federal spending due to the government's Deferred Resignation Program (DRP), which is causing cuts in software seat counts. While Reback recently trimmed his price target, implying substantial upside, Goldman Sachs also initiated coverage with a Buy rating. ServiceNow provides cloud-based platforms for digital workflows, though the article suggests other AI stocks might offer faster, higher returns."], ["20260119", "Deutsche Bank has resumed coverage of Albertsons (ACI) with a Hold rating and an $18 price target, expecting 2026 to be a \"mixed year\" for food retailers due to disinflation, reduced government benefits, and consumer focus on value. This follows Albertsons' cautious outlook for softer annual identical sales growth and adjusted earnings, attributing it to disruptions in SNAP benefits and pressure from Medicare drug price renegotiations. Despite pharmacy business strengths, consumer behavior remains strained, with shoppers shifting towards cheaper products."], ["20260119", "Leidos Holdings, Inc. (LDOS), a technology and defense contractor, is set to announce its Q4 fiscal 2025 earnings before the market opens on Tuesday, Feb. 17, with analysts expecting a 7.2% EPS increase to $2.54 per share. The company has consistently beaten EPS estimates and its stock has climbed 25.5% over the past year due to strong operational performance, robust revenue growth, and substantial federal contracts. With a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating and a target price of $218.78, analysts anticipate continued growth driven by defense and government IT spending."], ["20260119", "Sphere Entertainment Co., the State of Maryland, Prince George\u2019s County, and Peterson Companies have announced their intent to develop a new Sphere venue at National Harbor, Maryland. This would be the second Sphere in the U.S. and the first to use a smaller-scale design model, featuring a 6,000-seat capacity and advanced immersive technologies. The project is expected to receive approximately $200 million in incentives, create 2,500 construction jobs and 4,750 operational jobs, and generate over $1 billion annually for the region."], ["20260119", "A Supreme Court ruling on the legality of a large portion of President Trump's tariffs (issued under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act) is imminent, potentially causing stock market volatility. The iShares U.S. Tech Independence Focused ETF (IETC) is presented as a hedging strategy, investing in American technology companies resistant to tariff-related disruptions. The ETF, which outperformed the S&P 500 in 2025 and since its 2018 inception, focuses on companies with domestic technological capabilities, revenues, and production, largely in software and specifically exempted semiconductor sectors."], ["20260119", "Jacobs Solutions has quietly delivered strong returns by focusing on infrastructure, defense, and consulting, with its stock nearing record highs. Analysts are largely bullish, anticipating further gains due to strategic shifts towards higher-margin services, recent contract wins, and strong alignment with global infrastructure and energy transition trends. The company's consistent performance and strategic realignment suggest it is transforming from a traditional contractor into a durable, tech-infused infrastructure platform."], ["20260119", "Astera Labs (ALAB) stock price rose 4.3% to $182 on Friday before the U.S. holiday weekend, with trading volumes of 5.4 million shares. The company is set to report its fourth-quarter 2025 earnings on February 10, and investors are closely watching for guidance on 2026 demand, particularly in the AI infrastructure sector. The upcoming earnings report and potential tariff impacts from recent political announcements are expected to significantly influence the stock's performance."], ["20260118", "This article highlights key speakers and topics for the upcoming Tampa Steel Conference, including discussions on service center consolidation with Worthington Steel's CEO and geopolitical impacts on the steel market with Barry Zekelman. It also previews talks on trade policy with legal experts and economic outlooks from the Institute for Supply Management. The conference aims to cover critical industry developments and foster networking among attendees."], ["20260118", "JPMorgan raised its price target for Essent Group (ESNT) to $66 from $65, maintaining a Neutral rating, amidst updated ratings for the consumer finance group ahead of Q4 earnings. The adjustment comes with fresh uncertainty due to a proposed policy by President Trump to cap credit card interest rates, which could reshape the industry. Despite this \"high-severity, low-probability risk,\" Essent Group demonstrated strong Q3 2025 performance with $164 million net income, increased mortgage insurance in force, and announced a new $500 million share repurchase authorization and a Q4 dividend."], ["20260118", "The Q3 earnings season saw strong performance from defense contractors, with revenues beating estimates and share prices rising. Lockheed Martin (LMT) delivered a solid quarter with increased production capacity, while RTX (RTX) and Mercury Systems (MRCY) outperformed significantly. AeroVironment (AVAV) had a slower quarter despite strong revenue growth, and Leidos (LDOS) also posted an exceptional quarter."], ["20260118", "The AdvisorShares Pure US Cannabis ETF (MSOS) experienced a 26% drop in value over the last month, falling to $4.80 by mid-January despite a late December executive order from President Trump aimed at easing cannabis access. This decline highlights the ongoing challenges faced by US multi-state cannabis operators due to the federal classification of cannabis as a Schedule I substance, which leads to issues like inability to access traditional banking and punitive tax treatment. Investors are closely watching for potential federal rescheduling and the legislative progress of the SAFE Banking Act, which could significantly impact the sector."], ["20260118", "This article from MSN discusses the challenges InMed is facing due to new legislation introduced in the United States. The specifics of the legislation and the nature of the challenges are not detailed in the provided content."], ["20260118", "H&R Block is offering a free Tax Pro Review trial for new DIY online tax clients, aiming to bridge the gap between self-service and fully assisted tax preparation. This initiative, alongside its collaboration with OpenAI, reinforces H&R Block's hybrid model which leverages both its physical offices and digital tools to address increasing tax complexity. The company projects significant revenue and earnings growth, leading to a fair value estimate of $55.00, suggesting a potential 31% upside for investors."], ["20260118", "Leidos Holdings (LDOS) is set to release its Q4 fiscal 2025 earnings, with analysts projecting a 7.2% EPS increase. The company has consistently surpassed Wall Street expectations and seen its stock rise 25.5% over the past year, driven by strong revenue growth and federal contracts. Analysts maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" rating with a target price suggesting a 12.4% upside."], ["20260118", "This article discusses how OGE Energy Corp. (OGE) is benefiting from its expanding renewable energy portfolio and significant infrastructure spending. The company is strategically investing in wind and solar power generation, aiming for a cleaner energy mix, and enhancing grid reliability through infrastructure upgrades. These initiatives are expected to drive OGE's future growth and improve its financial performance."], ["20260118", "Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE: COF) received rating updates from RBC Capital and JPMorgan. RBC Capital raised its price target to $275 from $255, maintaining a Sector Perform rating, citing stable fundamentals and consumer resilience. JPMorgan also increased its price target to $256 from $237 but reiterated a Neutral rating, noting potential volatility from a proposed 10% credit card interest rate cap, which it views as a \"high-severity, low-probability risk.\""], ["20260118", "L3Harris Technologies' rocket motor business is receiving a $1 billion investment from the US government, aiming to secure a steady supply of motors for critical missiles like THAAD and Patriot. This direct-to-supplier partnership also gives the US government an ownership stake in the business, which will become an independent, majority-owned firm later this year. The Pentagon believes this investment will enhance its ability to procure weapons and negotiate multi-year procurement agreements."], ["20260118", "Representative Julie Johnson (D-Texas) recently sold shares of Seagate Technology Holdings PLC (NASDAQ:STX) and several other major companies including Texas Instruments, UnitedHealth Group, and General Dynamics. These sales, ranging from $1,001 to $15,000 per transaction, occurred on December 18th in her CHASE BROKERAGE ACCOUNT (3935). The article also details recent positive analyst ratings and dividend increases for Seagate Technology, alongside other insider trading activities."], ["20260118", "Alex Thorn, Research Director at Galaxy Digital, believes that the potential passage of a U.S. crypto market structure bill could serve as a \"bullish catalyst\" for higher crypto prices and adoption. He highlighted that while such a bill could greatly benefit the market by clarifying regulations and protecting developers, its failure would primarily affect market sentiment rather than core market structure. Thorn also noted ongoing disputes over DeFi regulation, developer exemptions, stablecoin yield, and Treasury authority, indicating that bipartisan support is crucial for the bill's success."], ["20260118", "Truist has reduced its price target on Flutter Entertainment plc (FLUT) from $280 to $260 but maintained a 'Buy' rating, citing challenges from the previous year including macroeconomic and prediction disruption fears within the U.S. gaming sector. This follows another analyst update from Citizens, which raised its price target on FLUT from $311 to $313 with an 'Outperform' rating due to sector valuations being below historical averages. The company also faces a significant financial impact from increased online gaming taxes in the UK, projected at about $320 million in fiscal 2026 and $540 million in 2027."], ["20260118", "Truist has lowered its price target for Flutter Entertainment plc (FLUT) from $280 to $260 but maintained a 'Buy' rating, citing challenges in the U.S. gaming sector and uncertainty in the Las Vegas recovery. Other analysts like Citizens have raised their price targets on FLUT, indicating belief in potential upside despite recent volatility and impending tax increases in the UK that are expected to significantly impact Flutter's adjusted EBITDA in 2026 and 2027."], ["20260118", "Select Medical Holdings recently disclosed significant lobbying expenditure on Medicare-related regulations, coinciding with positive analyst ratings and raised 2025 guidance. This highlights the company's reliance on regulatory decisions for its post-acute and rehabilitation business. Investors need to consider the impact of Medicare payment policies, despite the optimistic outlook."], ["20260118", "Select Medical Holdings Corporation (SEM) spent US$630,000 on Medicare-related lobbying in Q4 2025, primarily focusing on payment issues for long-term acute care hospitals and rehabilitation facilities. This lobbying effort, alongside raised 2025 guidance, highlights the company's reliance on regulatory decisions and its commitment to navigating reimbursement pressures. Despite mixed investor positioning and varying fair value estimates, analysts have issued positive ratings, underscoring how regulatory influence and market perceptions shape expectations for Select Medical\u2019s post-acute care business."], ["20260118", "Stanley Laman Group Ltd. significantly increased its stake in NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) by 93.5% in Q3, making it their 4th largest holding. Despite substantial insider selling and potential execution risks from China policy uncertainty and tariffs, NVIDIA reported strong quarterly earnings and maintains high institutional ownership and positive analyst ratings. The company also announced a quarterly dividend and analysts have set a consensus target price of $263.41."], ["20260118", "Senator Markwayne Mullin (R-Oklahoma) recently purchased between $15,001 and $50,000 worth of Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) stock on December 29th, as disclosed in a January 16th filing. This purchase is part of several recent stock acquisitions by Mullin, including shares in Deere & Company, Hilton Worldwide, RTX, Coca-Cola, Elevance Health, American Express, Amazon.com, JPMorgan Chase & Co., The Goldman Sachs Group, and Boston Scientific. The article also provides a detailed financial overview of Caterpillar, including its stock performance, recent earnings, dividend announcement, insider transactions, and analyst ratings, indicating a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus."], ["20260118", "Lotus Technology Inc. (NASDAQ: LOT) welcomes Canada's new tariff policy, which slashes tariffs on Chinese EVs to 6.1%. This change is expected to reduce the planned retail price of its Eletre model in Canada by approximately 50%, significantly boosting its sales. With established North American homologation and a retail network, Lotus Tech is well-positioned to capitalize on this market opportunity."], ["20260118", "H&R Block is offering new clients free Tax Pro Review with paid DIY online tax products until February 15, 2026, aiming to bridge the gap between DIY and fully assisted tax filing. This initiative, combined with AI tools, strengthens H&R Block's hybrid model and competitive positioning amidst increasing tax complexity. The company projects significant revenue and earnings growth by 2028, with a fair value estimate indicating a potential 31% upside."], ["20260118", "Assured Guaranty criticized Puerto Rico's revised fiscal plans, calling them \"fiscally irresponsible\" and warning they would lead to prolonged litigation and cut off access to capital markets. The company, which insures PREPA bonds, argued that the plans disregard creditor rights, lack focus on economic growth, and fail to prioritize essential recovery efforts after Hurricane Maria. Both Congressman Rob Bishop and Moody's also expressed concerns, highlighting the need for collaboration and transparency to achieve fiscal stability for Puerto Rico."], ["20260118", "Columbia Sportswear announced that new tariffs are expected to negatively impact its fiscal year 2025 by $35 million to $40 million, primarily due to increased duties on imports from Vietnam. Consequently, the company has lowered its financial guidance for FY25. This significant headwind underscores the challenges posed by global trade policies on multinational corporations."], ["20260118", "UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) saw its stock price drop 2.3% on Friday, closing at $331.02, as markets prepared for a holiday-shortened week. The decline comes amidst renewed focus on healthcare policy due to Trump's \"Great Healthcare Plan,\" which targets insurance subsidies and drug-pricing middlemen, creating policy risk for insurers. Investors are now keenly awaiting UnitedHealth's full-year 2025 earnings report and 2026 guidance on January 27, which analysts believe will significantly impact the stock, especially concerning medical-cost trends and pricing strategies."], ["20260118", "Micron Technology Inc. (MU.O) shares jumped 7.8% on Friday, following the groundbreaking of its $100 billion \"megafab\" in New York and an insider stock purchase. The stock rally, ahead of a holiday-shortened trading week, highlights increased attention on memory chips for data centers and AI. However, analysts warn of potential market cycles and tariffs impacting the semiconductor sector, with Intel's upcoming earnings release also expected to influence sentiment."], ["20260117", "Select Medical Holdings (SEM) spent $630,000 on Medicare-related lobbying in Q4 2025, focusing on payment issues for its long-term care and rehabilitation facilities. While analysts have issued positive ratings and the company raised 2025 guidance, the lobbying underscores the business's exposure to regulatory changes and potential reimbursement pressures. Investors should consider these factors alongside the projected revenue and earnings growth when evaluating the company's investment narrative and fair value."], ["20260117", "Vistra Corp. (VST) shares dropped 7.5% due to concerns over the White House's new plan for a power auction. This plan, which allows tech firms to buy power, could cap electricity prices and increase competition, significantly impacting Vistra Corp.'s finances and key contracts. The company's stock decline made it the second-largest loser in the S&P 500."], ["20260117", "AbbVie plans to invest $100 billion in U.S. research and manufacturing over the next decade, granting them a three-year exemption from new tariffs and drug-pricing rules. Additionally, a Phase 3 trial for epcoritamab in relapsed DLBCL patients, developed by AbbVie and Genmab, demonstrated improved progression-free survival, though overall survival remained unchanged."], ["20260117", "Canada has significantly reduced tariffs on Chinese electric vehicles from 100% to 6.1%, providing a substantial boost to Lotus Technology Inc. This policy change is expected to drastically lower the retail price of Lotus's Eletre EV in Canada by approximately 50%, enhancing its market competitiveness. With an annual cap of 49,000 Chinese EVs, Lotus Tech is uniquely positioned in the high-end EV segment with plans for rapid market share expansion and increased investment in the Canadian market."], ["20260117", "Innovative Industrial Properties (IIPR) is currently trading at US$50.81, showing a 1.91% return over seven days but a 12.61% decline over 30 days and a 61.70% decline over five years. Despite this, a narrative assessment suggests the stock is 10.9% undervalued with a fair value of US$57, based on detailed earnings and cash flow assumptions. This valuation comes amidst new research questioning US marijuana DUI laws, which could bring regulatory changes benefiting cannabis-related investments."], ["20260117", "Donald Trump announced he plans to sue JPMorgan Chase within the next two weeks, alleging the bank \"debanked\" him after the Jan. 6, 2021 Capitol insurrection by closing or restricting his accounts. Trump characterized this as politically motivated retaliation and has integrated it into a broader narrative of \"debanking\" conservatives. He also refuted a Wall Street Journal report claiming he offered Jamie Dimon the Federal Reserve chair position, clarifying that no such offer was made or considered."], ["20260117", "This article examines Vulcan Materials (VMC) valuation, noting that analysts see the stock as undervalued due to accelerating infrastructure spending, despite recent insider selling. While a fair value analysis suggests a modest discount, the company's high P/E ratio compared to peers and industry averages raises questions about whether future growth is already priced in. Investors are encouraged to consider various perspectives and conduct further research."], ["20260117", "Jim Cramer advised holding Texas Instruments (TXN) stock, citing that it hasn't yet seen the same ignition as other semiconductor companies but will \"come around\" due to cyclical rotation. Despite a lackluster demand environment and tariff uncertainties mentioned by Mairs & Power, Cramer remains positive. The article also notes that while TXN has potential, other AI stocks might offer greater upside with less risk."], ["20260117", "Eli Lilly CEO David Ricks has garnered favor with former President Donald Trump through a combination of flattery and significant concessions, including a $500,000 inauguration fund contribution, commitments to U.S. manufacturing, and participation in Trump's \"most-favored-nation\" deals for weight-loss drugs. This relationship has led to public praise from Trump and benefits for Eli Lilly, such as an FDA priority voucher for its oral obesity drug, despite general administration scrutiny of the pharmaceutical industry. However, Eli Lilly maintains that legislative codification of these deals is unnecessary, preferring the voluntary agreements already in place."], ["20260117", "Acadia Healthcare (ACHC) is facing an estimated US$25-30 million EBITDA headwind due to a New York Medicaid policy change affecting out-of-state reimbursements. The company's stock has seen a significant decline, leading to questions about whether its current trading price of US$11.68 reflects temporary pressures or the market's expectation of future recovery, especially given a narrative fair value of US$25.32. Analysts have a consensus target of $30.429, though opinions vary widely."], ["20260117", "Wipro's Q3FY26 profits declined by 7% year-on-year to Rs 3,119 crore, largely due to one-time gratuity and labour code expenses. Despite this, the company declared an interim dividend of Rs 6 per share, indicating strong balance-sheet health. Revenue growth was modest amid cautious demand, but robust operating cash flow and healthy deal bookings underscore underlying business stability and financial resilience."], ["20260117", "Constellation Energy (CEG) stock plunged by as much as 9.8% after the White House urged PJM Interconnection to hold an emergency procurement auction and cap earnings for existing power plants. This move follows a significant increase in PJM capacity auction prices and criticism from Pennsylvania's Governor regarding rising power bills. The policy news also impacted other data-center power sector stocks, with GE Vernova gaining and Vistra tumbling, as traders watch for PJM's response and potential changes to capacity pricing."], ["20260117", "Lotus Technology Inc. (NASDAQ: LOT) has expressed a positive response to Canada's new tariff policy, which slashes tariffs on Chinese EVs to 6.1%. This policy is expected to significantly reduce the retail price of Lotus Tech's Eletre model in Canada by approximately 50%, leading to projected exponential growth in wholesale deliveries. With North American homologation completed and an established retail network, Lotus Tech is well-positioned to leverage this market opportunity and enhance its footprint in Canada."], ["20260117", "Kratos Defense & Security Solutions (KTOS) stock hit a new 52-week high of $131.87, marking a 290.81% increase over the past year. This growth is supported by a 14% revenue increase to $1.28 billion in the last twelve months and strategic initiatives, including a new manufacturing facility and participation in key defense programs. Analyst firms Stifel and Citizens have raised their price targets for Kratos, citing strong order momentum and strategic partnerships."], ["20260117", "NULL"], ["20260117", "DigiPower X Inc., a Canadian energy infrastructure company, is investing at least $200 million to develop a new data center campus in Columbiana, Shelby County, Alabama, intended for AI and cloud computing. The company is already installing its modular data center system and secured 70 megawatts of power, expecting completion in the first quarter of this year. The project has received city approvals, though residents expressed concerns about power/water usage and noise during a recent town hall meeting."], ["20260117", "IperionX (ASX:IPX) saw a 12.6% increase in its stock price following significant U.S. defense funding. The company secured a US$47.1 million award and is progressing a US$99 million Department of Defense contract to expand its Virginia Titanium Manufacturing Campus, receiving a free transfer of Ti64 titanium scrap. This support strengthens IperionX's position in domestic titanium production for defense, with the market now focusing on execution, production ramp-up, and unit cost efficiency."], ["20260117", "This article explains the tax implications of using peer-to-peer (P2P) payment platforms like PayPal and Venmo for both personal and business transactions. It details the reporting thresholds for Form 1099-K, highlighting recent changes in tax law, and emphasizes the importance of keeping meticulous records for business income and expenses to ensure accurate tax reporting and substantiation. The article advises business users to set up separate business accounts to avoid intermingling funds."], ["20260117", "This page serves as a dedicated resource for news and updates on Duke Energy (DUK), a Fortune 150 energy holding company. It aggregates news about Duke Energy's operations across multiple states, focusing on investments in grid upgrades, cleaner generation, customer affordability, and regulatory developments. Recent news highlights include initiatives for lowering energy costs, storm cost recovery reductions, and advancements in green hydrogen technology and battery storage."], ["20260116", "MP Materials has secured a 10-year agreement with the U.S. military, establishing a price floor of $110 per kilogram for its rare earth products and ensuring a stable revenue stream. The U.S. government became MP Materials' largest shareholder by purchasing $400 million in stock, reflecting confidence in the company's strategic importance and long-term growth potential in the rare earth market. Analysts forecast an optimistic outlook for MP Materials, driven by its ability to meet environmental regulations, its role in the global supply chain, and increasing demand from sectors like electric vehicles."], ["20260116", "Sunset Pier 94 Studios, Manhattan's first purpose-built studio campus, has secured Paramount Television Studios as its inaugural tenant. Paramount will utilize 70,000 square feet for filming the second season of \"Dexter: Resurrection.\" This development highlights New York's growing prominence as a major entertainment production hub, supported by increased film tax credits and strategic investments from Vornado Realty Trust, Hudson Pacific Properties, and Blackstone."], ["20260116", "PotlatchDeltic Corporation (Nasdaq: PCH) announced the tax treatment for its 2025 dividend distributions, totaling $1.80 per share. These dividends are classified entirely as Capital Gain Distributions, subject to a long-term 20% tax rate. Shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors for specific treatment."], ["20260116", "A federal judge has ruled that Dominion Energy Inc. can resume construction on its $11 billion wind project off the coast of Virginia, despite a Trump administration order to halt the development. This decision marks the third time this week a federal judge has allowed a wind project paused by the U.S. Department of the Interior to proceed, citing irreparable harm and financial losses to the companies involved. The judge stated that the government failed to prove an imminent national security risk and that its stop-work order was likely arbitrary and capricious."], ["20260116", "KLA Corporation disclosed $170,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2025, focusing on trade policy with China, semiconductor tariffs, and R&D funding. The article also provides details on congressional stock trading, insider transactions, hedge fund activity, and recent analyst ratings and price targets for KLAC stock."], ["20260116", "A recent Lobbying Disclosure Act filing revealed that KENVUE INC. disclosed $60,000 in lobbying expenses for Q4 2025, focusing on corporate and international tax issues. The article also details recent congressional stock trades, insider trading activity, hedge fund movements, analyst ratings, and price targets for KENVUE (KVUE) stock. These financial insights offer a comprehensive overview of recent financial activities surrounding the company."], ["20260116", "Avista has filed a four-year general rate case with the Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission to address rising operational costs and fund necessary infrastructure upgrades aimed at ensuring safe and reliable energy service. The proposed rate increases, which would take effect from January 2027 through 2030, are intended to support grid modernization, compliance with clean energy laws, and investments in hydropower infrastructure, while the company emphasizes its commitment to customer support through various assistance programs. The Commission will review the proposal and is expected to issue a decision by late 2026."], ["20260116", "A federal judge has granted Dominion Energy Inc. permission to continue building its $11 billion offshore wind farm near Virginia, overturning a stop-work order issued by the Trump administration. Dominion argued that the suspension was causing significant daily financial losses, and the judge found the government had not proven an urgent national security threat. This ruling is the third this week to allow a previously blocked wind energy project to proceed, amidst broader challenges facing the US offshore wind industry."], ["20260116", "A federal judge in Virginia has allowed Dominion Energy Inc. to restart construction on its $11 billion offshore wind project, overturning a Trump administration order that halted it due to unspecified national security concerns. This marks the third time this week a judge has ruled against the government's stop-work order on East Coast wind projects, citing arbitrary reasons and irreparable harm to the companies. Dominion Energy claimed to be losing $5 million daily from the halt and aims to safely resume work while seeking a lasting resolution with the federal government."], ["20260116", "The Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton has settled a lawsuit against Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. regarding alleged price gouging of eggs during the initial months of the COVID-19 pandemic. Instead of a monetary payment, the settlement requires Cal-Maine to donate over two million eggs to Texas food banks. The agreement also includes a 10-year injunction preventing Cal-Maine from charging exorbitant prices during declared disasters and mandates compliance reporting to the AG's office."], ["20260116", "MP Materials, America's largest rare-earth mineral producer, is poised for significant growth in 2026 due to its critical role in the modern economy and strategic partnerships. The company's stock is already up 33% this year, bolstered by a 10-year commitment from the U.S. military to purchase its rare earths at a guaranteed price and invest in its production capacity. This government backing, along with an agreement with Apple, positions MP Materials as a safe long-term investment despite current unprofitability, as its business is deemed crucial for national security."], ["20260116", "Insteel Industries, Inc. reported strong Q1 2026 earnings, beating expectations with EPS of $0.39, compared to an expected $0.33. The company benefited from improved demand for concrete reinforcing products and wider spreads between selling prices and raw material costs. CEO H.O. Woltz III and CFO Scot R. Jafroodi discussed the positive outlook for 2026, driven by Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJA) funding and the data center construction boom, while also addressing challenges related to steel tariffs and raw material supply."], ["20260116", "AeroVironment (AVAV) stock surged over 7% due to contracts for U.S. Army mobile laser weapon systems and positive remarks from President Trump regarding increased military budgets. KeyBanc initiated coverage with an Overweight rating, citing AVAV's defense technology leverage and strategic partnerships. Despite mixed earnings and high volatility, the company's focus on autonomous drones and laser weapon systems, alongside strong affiliations like the one with Parry Labs, positions it for potential growth in the defense sector."], ["20260116", "IperionX has received the final US$4.6 million in funding from the U.S. Department of War's Industrial Base Analysis and Sustainment program, completing a US$47.1 million award. These funds will support scaling titanium production to 1,400 tpa at its Virginia campus. Additionally, the U.S. Government transferred 290 metric tons of high-quality titanium scrap to IperionX at no cost, reinforcing domestic supply chains for critical materials."], ["20260116", "Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton has secured a settlement with Cal-Maine Foods, one of the state\u2019s largest egg suppliers, which will result in over two million eggs being distributed to Texas food banks. This settlement comes after Paxton sued Cal-Maine in April 2020 for alleged price gouging during the COVID-19 pandemic, accusing them of unlawfully increasing egg prices by approximately 300 percent. The agreement also includes provisions to prevent Cal-Maine from setting egg prices in violation of Texas law during future disasters."], ["20260116", "Kratos Defense & Security Solutions (KTOS) stock recently hit a 52-week high of $131.87, marking a 290.81% increase over the past year. This growth is attributed to strategic initiatives, strong market demand, 14% revenue growth in the last twelve months to $1.28 billion, and the company holding more cash than debt. Recent developments include a new manufacturing facility, raised price targets from Stifel and Citizens, and collaboration with Northrop Grumman on uncrewed aerial systems."], ["20260116", "Vulcan Materials (VMC) is attracting attention due to its role in US infrastructure, with analysts optimistic despite recent insider selling. The stock is currently trading at $301.71, considered undervalued by some narratives at a fair value of US$321.50, driven by accelerating infrastructure spending. However, a high P/E ratio of 35.4x suggests a richer price compared to peers and the industry average, implying less margin for error."], ["20260116", "Georgia Power announced that customers could see lower power bills starting in June 2026. This comes after concerns that a three-year rate freeze approved last year might still lead to higher bills due to Hurricane Helene cleanup costs and fuel expenses. The company confirmed that sustained low natural gas prices would enable these reductions."], ["20260116", "Argentina is accusing UK-based hedge fund Burford Capital of \"procedural harassment\" in the YPF expropriation case after the fund requested sanctions against the country for allegedly failing to provide all requested documents during discovery. Argentina claims it has submitted over 113,000 pages of documents and that Burford Capital's actions are an attempt to disrupt Argentina's economic recovery and counteract recent legal progress made by the country. Judge Loretta Preska will decide on the contempt motion in March."], ["20260116", "ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS INC. (BATRA) recently disclosed $80,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q3 2025, primarily concerning the taxation of publicly traded professional sports teams. Insider trading activity for BATRA shows more purchases than sales in the last six months, with John C. Malone making significant buys. Institutional investors also show mixed activity, with some increasing and others decreasing their positions in BATRA stock."], ["20260116", "A recent disclosure revealed that BRIDGEBIO PHARMA (BBIO) spent $60,000 on lobbying in Q4 2025, focusing on pharmaceutical manufacturing, drug pricing, and FDA regulations. This article also details recent congressional stock trading, significant insider selling activity, and hedge fund movements related to BBIO. Additionally, it highlights current analyst ratings and price targets for the company."], ["20260116", "NATIONAL FUEL GAS COMPANY (NFG) recently disclosed $240,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2025, covering issues such as energy policy, pipeline safety, and federal tax policy. The article also highlights significant institutional investor activity in NFG stock, with 313 institutions adding shares and 240 decreasing positions in Q3 2025. This financial data comes from a new Lobbying Disclosure Act filing, as reported by Quiver Quantitative."], ["20260116", "Jim Cramer highlighted McKesson Corporation (NYSE:MCK) as a stock that is performing well despite political pressures to lower healthcare pricing. The financial firm Deutsche Bank recently raised MCK's price target to $904 from $861 maintaining a Buy rating, while TD Cowen also kept a Buy rating with a $1,000 target. The company's shares gained 42% over the past year, indicating strong performance even as Cramer noted potential risks from presidential efforts to cut out middlemen in healthcare."], ["20260116", "A federal judge has ruled in favor of Dominion Energy, allowing the company to resume work on its Virginia offshore wind project. This decision overturns a previous halt by the Trump administration, marking the third legal defeat for the administration's offshore wind policy this week. Government attorneys had cited classified national security information as the reason for the pause."], ["20260116", "Intuit TurboTax has opened its new flagship store in New York City's SoHo neighborhood, marking the nationwide launch of nearly 600 Expert Office locations and 20 new TurboTax Stores. This expansion combines advanced AI technology with human expertise to offer a seamless, \"done for you\" tax experience for individuals and small businesses. The company aims to redefine tax filing by providing personalized guidance, automating tax preparation, and offering year-round financial control through a blend of digital and physical services."], ["20260116", "The article discusses how U.S. government equity stakes, particularly under the Trump administration, tend to significantly boost the stock performance of recipient companies in the short term. An Axios analysis shows that public companies with government stakes saw an average share price increase of 85%, explaining why such deals continue despite appearing more socialist than free-market. Examples include Intel and Trilogy Metals, whose shares climbed substantially after the announcements."], ["20260116", "Georgia Power CEO Kim Greene announced that the utility would lower electricity rates for residential customers this summer, addressing widespread frustration over high monthly bills. The announcement was made at the annual Eggs & Issues Breakfast. Greene also spoke about the expansion of data centers in Georgia, acknowledging the financial benefits for the state but also the concerns raised by consumer advocates regarding increased energy costs and infrastructure strain."], ["20260116", "A recent Lobbying Disclosure Act filing revealed that ATLANTA BRAVES HOLDINGS INC. spent $80,000 on lobbying during Q3 2025, specifically on issues related to the taxation of publicly traded professional sports teams. Additionally, the article details recent insider trading activity for BATRA, showing more purchases than sales, and outlines significant hedge fund movements in the stock, with 72 institutions increasing and 71 decreasing their positions."], ["20260116", "Kroger, the parent company of Harris Teeter, has canceled plans for a $92 million, 700-job delivery fulfillment center in Concord, North Carolina, despite the sprawling building already being constructed. This decision marks a significant economic blow to Cabarrus County and the state, leading to the loss of anticipated jobs and investment. Kroger is shifting its strategy towards expanding store fulfillment partnerships with third-party delivery apps and will pay Ocado Group a one-off payment of $350 million. The company expects these changes to result in a $400 million profit this year."], ["20260116", "Kratos Defense & Security Solutions is experiencing significant market growth, reaching record highs due to its strategic shift from prototyping to serial production. The company's inclusion in the Pentagon's \"MACH-XL\" program and the opening of a new 5,000 square meter hypersonic production facility in Maryland are key drivers. Analysts, like Stifel, are confident in Kratos's future, raising price targets and focusing on revenue growth as the company positions itself to capture a larger share of increasing defense budgets."], ["20260116", "WYNN Resorts has disclosed $50,000 in lobbying activity for Q4 2025, focusing on tax, trade, and tariff issues. The article also provides recent congressional stock trading, insider trading, hedge fund activity, and analyst ratings/price targets for WYNN, indicating mixed institutional sentiment but positive analyst outlooks."], ["20260116", "This article reports on a newly disclosed $40,000 lobbying expenditure by McDonald's Corporation from Q4 2025, covering issues related to corporate, international, and individual tax provisions, including OECD tax proposals and the Work Opportunity Tax Credit. It also provides detailed breakdowns of recent Congressional stock trading, insider trading activity, hedge fund movements, analyst ratings, and price targets for MCD stock."], ["20260116", "SUNRUN INC. disclosed $50,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2025, focusing on \"Energy tax issues P.L. 119-21 (H.R. 1): One Big Beautiful Bill implementation.\" Insiders have sold RUN stock 40 times in the past six months, with no reported purchases. Hedge funds showed mixed activity in Q3 2025, while analysts generally maintained \"Buy\" or \"Overweight\" ratings with a median price target of $21.0."], ["20260116", "Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (KTOS) is expected to benefit significantly from a proposed increase in the U.S. defense budget, as its specialization in unmanned aerial systems, hypersonic technologies, and C5ISR systems aligns with priority defense spending areas. The company's existing backlog and potential for new contracts from higher funding could boost its revenue, backlog conversion, and long-term growth prospects. Kratos is also currently trading at a discount compared to its industry, with analysts predicting a 38.43% year-over-year increase in its 2026 earnings per share."], ["20260116", "Argentina faces accusations of non-compliance in the YPF expropriation case, with hedge fund Burford Capital alleging the government failed to provide requested documents during discovery and seeking sanctions. Argentina's Attorney General's Office has labeled this request \"procedural harassment,\" arguing the country has already submitted extensive documentation and that Burford Capital's actions aim to impede Argentina's economic recovery. The dispute will be formally addressed in upcoming hearings before Judge Loretta Preska."], ["20260116", "The article discusses the resurgence of gold prices, noting that futures contracts are nearing $4,600 and the precious metals sector outperformed other commodities last year. It highlights the SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD) as an effective way for investors to gain exposure to physical gold without storage complexities, moving in tandem with spot gold prices. The piece attributes gold's ascent to a weakening U.S. dollar, rising national debt, and geopolitical tensions, suggesting continued bullish trends for gold-backed investments."], ["20260116", "The First Trust Indxx Aerospace & Defense ETF (MISL) has reached a new 52-week high, surging 89.5% from its low. This growth is attributed to President Trump's proposed $1.5 trillion military budget and escalating geopolitical tensions. With a positive weighted alpha of 67.90, the ETF is expected to continue its strong performance, according to Zacks Investment Research."], ["20260116", "Ciena's CFO, Jim Moylan, is preparing for retirement after 17 years with the company, having previously helped navigate the 2008 financial crisis and the dot-com bust. His final challenge involves managing the impact of the ongoing trade war on Ciena, a optical networking equipment provider heavily reliant on Chinese manufacturing. Moylan has been working to diversify the company's manufacturing base to mitigate risks associated with tariffs and geopolitical tensions."], ["20260116", "The First Trust Indxx Aerospace & Defense ETF (MISL) has reached a new 52-week high, driven by the proposed $1.5 trillion military budget and geopolitical tensions. The fund is up 89.5% from its 52-week low and shows potential for further gains with a positive weighted alpha of 67.90. Investors seeking momentum in the aerospace and defense sector should consider MISL."], ["20260116", "Micron Technology has officially broken ground on its $100 billion leading-edge memory manufacturing complex in Onondaga County, New York. This facility will be the largest semiconductor facility in the United States, creating 50,000 jobs and positioning New York as a global leader in advanced manufacturing. The project is a cornerstone of Micron's broader U.S. expansion vision, supported by significant community investment and partnerships with government, academic, and industry leaders."], ["20260116", "IperionX Limited has received the final $4.6 million installment of its $47.1 million U.S. Department of War funding award and a no-cost transfer of 290 metric tons of high-quality titanium alloy scrap. This funding concludes a multi-stage relationship with the U.S. government, positioning the company to significantly scale its titanium production capacity while reducing feedstock costs. IperionX aims to increase output to 1,400 metric tons per year and is developing a fully integrated domestic titanium supply chain through its Titan Critical Minerals Project."], ["20260116", "IperionX (NASDAQ: IPX) has received the final $4.6 million of a $47.1 million award from the U.S. Department of War's IBAS program, alongside 290 metric tons of titanium scrap at no cost. This funding and material transfer will support the scale-up of IperionX's Titanium Manufacturing Campus in Virginia to a production capacity of 1,400 metric tons per year, reinforcing the U.S. defense industrial base with a secure domestic titanium supply."], ["20260116", "Micron Technology has broken ground on its $100 billion memory manufacturing complex in Onondaga County, New York, which will be the largest semiconductor facility in the U.S. This project, the largest private investment in New York's history, is expected to create 50,000 jobs and begin production in 2030. The expansion is supported by Micron's strong financial health and aims to produce 40% of its DRAM memory in the United States, with recent analyst upgrades reflecting a positive outlook on the company's future."], ["20260116", "Jim Cramer commented on former President Trump's proposed 10% interest rate cap for credit card companies, stating it would be \"weird\" if they targeted American Express (AXP) CEO Steve Squeri, given that AXP's lending model differs from other credit card companies. Cramer has frequently praised American Express for its robust data on consumer health and successful card initiatives targeting younger users. Despite AXP's performance, the article suggests that some AI stocks may offer greater promise for higher returns with limited downside risk."], ["20260116", "A new study commissioned by Ameren Corp. reveals that its operations in Missouri and Illinois generate over $20.7 billion in annual economic output. This impact includes supporting 55,200 jobs, substantial purchases from in-state suppliers, contributing to state and local taxes, and making community investments. The report highlights how Ameren's infrastructure investments and operational efficiencies bolster economic expansion, reliability, and job creation in the bi-state region."], ["20260116", "This article highlights the advantages of investing in municipal bond funds for high-income earners seeking tax-free income. It recommends three specific closed-end funds\u2014BlackRock MuniYield Quality Fund, Nuveen AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund (NEA), and RiverNorth Managed Duration Municipal Income Fund II\u2014as solid options for generating stable, tax-exempt dividends up to 12%. The article also provides a brief overview of NEA's investment objectives."], ["20260116", "Shares of Vistra Corp. (VST), Constellation Energy Corp. (CEG), and Talen Energy Corp. (TLN) saw pre-market increases following reports of President Trump's initiative for tech companies to secure long-term power contracts for AI applications through an auction. This move addresses concerns about the growing electricity demands of AI data centers, which are projected to increase significantly by 2030, and aims to prevent rising power prices for general consumers. Although PJM Interconnection LLC officials will not attend the announcement, a similar effort by Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) to pay higher utility rates for its AI infrastructure highlights the industry's response to these energy challenges."], ["20260116", "A group of Home Depot investors, led by Zevin Asset Management, is urging the company to review its partnership with surveillance firm Flock Safety and disclose its data-sharing practices with law enforcement. This request follows reports that Flock Safety's data has been used in ICE investigations, particularly given Home Depot locations have become sites for ICE arrests targeting migrant day laborers. The investors cite potential financial, legal, and reputational risks associated with these practices and the impact of immigration policies on company operations."], ["20260116", "JM Smucker has decided to halt further coffee price increases this fiscal year after tariffs on green coffee beans were removed. The company will absorb $75 million in previous tariff-related expenses, resulting in a $0.50 EPS reduction for the current fiscal year. This move is expected to stabilize the coffee commodity market and benefit logistics and transport chains by reducing trade barriers and improving shipment predictability."], ["20260116", "Ford Motor Co. is revising its U.S. business strategy to prioritize gasoline and hybrid vehicles due to a slowdown in EV demand. Executive Chair Bill Ford stated that the company still plans to offer a variety of electric vehicles, including a more affordable model, and is investing in new EV platforms despite significant losses in its Model-e division. The shift also acknowledges the challenges posed by changing political policies on emissions and trade, requiring the company to remain nimble."], ["20260116", "UnitedHealth Group faces intensified scrutiny over its Medicare Advantage billing practices, with a US Senate Judiciary Committee alleging aggressive tactics to boost payments. This regulatory risk now significantly impacts the company's investment narrative, alongside its earnings recovery efforts. While UnitedHealth defends the program's value by highlighting cost savings, regulators' assessment of this evidence versus the allegations will be crucial for the company's future earnings and policy risk."], ["20260116", "The Macerich Company (NYSE: MAC) announced the tax treatment for its 2025 common stock dividends, totaling $0.68 per share. The company detailed the classification of these dividends for income tax purposes across four quarterly distributions. Macerich is a real estate investment trust (REIT) specializing in high-quality retail properties in key U.S. markets."], ["20260116", "Burford Capital has requested a US federal judge to hold Argentina in contempt and impose sanctions for not complying with discovery orders in the US$16 billion YPF expropriation ruling. Argentina argues it has complied and does not control officials' personal accounts. A contempt finding could negatively impact Argentina's efforts to regain market access."], ["20260116", "Red Cat Holdings Inc. has reported stellar preliminary financial results for Q4 and full-year fiscal 2025, with Q4 revenues potentially increasing by 1,842% year-over-year. This strong performance, driven by increased demand from defense agencies and successful production scaling of drone systems for the U.S. military, has led investment bank Needham & Company to raise its price target for Red Cat to $16.00 while maintaining a \"Buy\" rating. The company's shares rallied significantly, consolidating around the $14 level, as it transitions from a development-stage entity to a proven volume producer."], ["20260116", "Ford Motor Co. is reportedly in discussions with China's BYD Co. to potentially source batteries for hybrid vehicles destined for Ford's overseas factories. This move has sparked political backlash in the U.S., with concerns raised about partnering with Chinese companies. Ford is increasing its focus on hybrid and extended-range electric vehicles, and while a deal with BYD is not imminent, such a partnership would expand on existing battery collaborations Ford has with Chinese firms."], ["20260116", "Getty Realty Corp. (NYSE: GTY) has announced the tax allocations for its 2025 dividend distributions on common stock, as they will be reported on Form 1099-DIV. The company provided a detailed breakdown of ordinary income, capital gains, unrecaptured Section 1250 gains, and non-dividend distributions for each of the four quarterly payouts. Getty Realty Corp. advises shareholders to consult their own tax advisors for specific tax planning and analysis."], ["20260116", "Amidst market uncertainties, including dropped stock prices and rising geopolitical tensions, Zacks.com highlights four value stocks: Universal Health Services, PNC Financial Services, Global Payments, and BioMarin Pharmaceutical. These companies are recommended based on their strong Price to Cash Flow (P/CF) ratios, favorable Zacks Ranks, and positive Value Scores, suggesting they are fundamentally sound but may be undervalued. The article emphasizes disciplined value investing strategies focusing on metrics beyond just P/CF to identify robust investment opportunities."], ["20260116", "Japanese stocks have soared to record highs, driven by a weakening yen, rising bond yields, and reports of potential snap elections. Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi's policies, including aggressive fiscal spending and investment in high-growth areas, along with improved corporate governance and Warren Buffett's endorsement, are fueling investor optimism. The WisdomTree Japan Hedged Equity Fund (DXJ) and iShares MSCI Japan ETF (EWJ) are presented as two ETFs for investors looking to capitalize on this Japanese market momentum."], ["20260116", "Acadia Healthcare (ACHC) experienced a 14.4% drop after a New York Medicaid policy change tightened reimbursement for out-of-state behavioral health care, creating a US$25 million to US$30 million EBITDA headwind. Despite this, Acadia reiterated its 2025 revenue guidance of US$3.28 billion to US$3.30 billion, suggesting a contained immediate top-line impact. This highlights the company's sensitivity to state-level Medicaid decisions and concerns about future earnings and investor confidence."], ["20260116", "The U.S. government is accelerating efforts to achieve mineral independence, with both the executive and legislative branches taking action to secure the domestic rare-earth supply chain. President Trump has directed negotiations on price floors and potential tariffs for critical minerals, while Congress is set to introduce a bill establishing a $2.5 billion Strategic Resilience Reserve for critical minerals. This article highlights five companies (MP Materials, Critical Metals Corp., USA Rare Earth, Lithium Americas Corp., and Trilogy Metals Inc.) that are well-positioned to benefit from these government initiatives."], ["20260116", "Trio Petroleum Corp CEO, Robin A. Ross, sold 37,500 shares of the company's common stock for $33,352.50 to cover taxes related to restricted stock issued in 2025. This transaction leaves Ross with 737,500 shares directly owned. Additionally, Trio Petroleum has entered into an \"at-the-market\" equity agreement to sell up to $3.6 million in common stock."], ["20260116", "Super Group (SGHC) is heading into investor conferences to address concerns regarding UK gambling duty hikes, customer growth, and shrinking free cash flow. Despite recent weaker momentum, the stock is considered significantly undervalued by analysts, trading at US$10.01 against a narrative fair value of US$17.63, with price targets ranging from $14.0 to $17.0. However, tighter gambling rules and increased market competition could pressure margins, challenging the projected higher earnings and lower future P/E ratio."], ["20260116", "IperionX has secured US$4.6 million in funding from the US Department of Defence, completing a US$47.1 million agreement to expand American titanium metal production. This capital will boost output at its Titanium Manufacturing Campus to 1400 metric tonnes annually. The US government also transferred 290 metric tonnes of high-quality titanium alloy scrap metal to IperionX at no cost, furthering efforts to establish a secure domestic titanium supply chain and reduce import reliance for national security."], ["20260116", "MAMMOTH ENERGY SERVICES INC (TUSK) recently disclosed $120,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2025, focusing on educating Congress about municipal taxation issues. Insider trading data for TUSK shows one purchase by Arthur H Amron, while hedge fund activity indicates a mixed sentiment with more institutions decreasing than increasing their positions in the last quarter."], ["20260115", "This article details how three companies\u2014Unusual Machines, Credova, and BlinkRx\u2014benefited from the Trump administration after appointing Donald Trump Jr. to their boards post-2024 presidential election. The report highlights potential conflicts of interest as these companies subsequently received government contracts, favorable regulatory outcomes, or strategic opportunities seemingly linked to the Trump administration's policies. CREW argues that these appointments and subsequent benefits raise concerns about eroding public trust in government decision-making."], ["20260115", "Shares of Academy Sports & Outdoor (ASO) jumped 3.2% after Morgan Stanley raised its price target to $55. This follows a similar increase from Truist Securities the previous day, indicating a more positive outlook on the stock's potential value despite no formal rating upgrades. The company's shares are up 11.4% since the start of the year and are trading near their 52-week high, with analysts citing secular growth areas like sporting goods being well-positioned for 2026."], ["20260115", "IperionX, an American titanium and critical materials company, has received the final $6.8 million tranche of a $47.1 million award from the US Department of War. These funds will be used to scale up titanium production and expand advanced manufacturing capacity at their Titanium Manufacturing Campus, aiming for an output of up to 1,400 metric tons per year. The US government has also supplied IperionX with approximately 290 metric tons of high-quality titanium alloy as feedstock."], ["20260115", "The Greeneville City Council will review a 20-year franchise agreement with Atmos Energy Corporation to manage natural gas infrastructure. The council's agenda also includes purchasing vehicles and vests for the Police Department, considering special event sign requests, and applying for grants such as the Violent Crime Intervention Fund and a Tourism Enhancement Grant. The meeting is scheduled for 4 PM today at the Greeneville Energy Authority Building."], ["20260115", "Duke Energy customers in the Carolinas will see an increase in their bills due to a new storm charge, reflecting investments made to strengthen the grid against outages and support economic growth. This 3.2% or $4.85 increase aims to recover costs from past storms and finance grid improvements, which Duke Energy claims will lead to long-term savings for customers. Additional charges for infrastructure upgrades will take effect in March, amounting to less than a dollar per month."], ["20260115", "Alexander & Baldwin, Inc. (NYSE: ALEX) has released the allocation information for its 2025 dividend distributions to common shareholders, presented on a per-share basis. This data is intended to help shareholders clarify information for their 2025 IRS Form 1099-DIV for tax reporting purposes. The company encourages investors to seek professional tax advice regarding these distributions."], ["20260115", "Macerich (NYSE: MAC) has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 dividend distributions, totaling $0.68 per share across four quarterly payments of $0.17. The company reported that all 2025 dividends are classified as non-dividend distributions for tax purposes, meaning $0.00 was attributed to taxable ordinary dividends, Section 199A dividends, qualified dividends, and total capital gain distributions. Shareholders should treat these distributions according to IRS rules for non-dividend distributions when filing their 2025 tax returns."], ["20260115", "Philip Morris International (PMI) shares rose after the company announced over $20 billion in U.S.-related investments since 2022, with more planned, signaling a strategic shift towards smoke-free products. Investors are keenly watching the upcoming FDA review of ZYN nicotine pouches for \"modified risk\" claims, alongside PMI's Q4 earnings webcast. The company's push for smoke-free alternatives and significant U.S. investments aim to accelerate this transition and create jobs while awaiting regulatory approvals."], ["20260115", "MP Materials Corp., the leading rare-earth miner in the Western Hemisphere, recently secured a significant deal with the Defense Department. This development comes as US lawmakers propose a $2.5 billion stockpile to boost domestic critical mineral mining and refining, aiming to counter China's market influence."], ["20260115", "Ramaco Resources (METC) recently authorized a US$100 million share repurchase program and its CEO joined the National Coal Council, signaling management's confidence and increasing influence in the coal and critical minerals sectors. The company's investment narrative hinges on its metallurgical coal operations funding a transition into rare earths and critical minerals, with a fair value projection of $39.14 per share. Investors are cautioned to consider policy risks around rare earth price supports and to evaluate various scenarios for the business."], ["20260115", "CGI has secured a significant \u00a3250-million contract to provide services to His Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HMRC) in the UK. This contract underscores CGI's continued role in supporting essential government functions with its IT and business consulting expertise. It represents a major commitment to enhancing public sector operations through advanced service delivery."], ["20260115", "TransMedics Group, Inc., a global leader in organ transplant technologies, is expanding its operations in Massachusetts by establishing a new global headquarters at Assembly Innovation Park in Somerville. This move involves consolidating corporate, R&D, and advanced manufacturing capabilities and is expected to create up to 600 new jobs by 2031, supported by an incentive package from the Massachusetts Life Sciences Center. The expansion solidifies Massachusetts' position in life sciences innovation and provides significant economic benefits to the state and the city of Somerville."], ["20260115", "Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton announced a settlement with Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. over allegations of price-gouging during the Covid-19 pandemic. As part of the settlement, Cal-Maine will donate over 2 million eggs to food banks across Texas, with 50,000 dozen allocated to the North Texas Food Bank and Tarrant Area Food Bank in D-FW. The agreement resolves a 2020 lawsuit accusing the company of illegally increasing egg prices by up to 300 percent."], ["20260115", "Booking Holdings (BKNG) stock held steady after a decline, as the travel industry reacts to the U.S. decision to halt immigrant visa processing for 75 countries. This policy change, effective January 21, raises concerns for online travel agencies and cross-border movements, especially with major events like the 2026 World Cup approaching. Investors are also monitoring regulatory pressures on the sector, including an antitrust probe against Trip.com in China and an investigation into Booking.com's practices in Greece and France."], ["20260115", "Warrior Met Coal, Inc. announced that its subsidiaries have been awarded federal coal leases by the Bureau of Land Management, enabling the expansion of mining operations in Alabama. This expansion, facilitated by the LBA process and supported by the Trump Administration's policies, is expected to create over 500 new jobs and secure operations for more than 40 years. The company will supply high-quality metallurgical coal to global markets while maintaining environmental stewardship."], ["20260115", "Getty Realty Corp. (NYSE: GTY) has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 dividend distributions to common stockholders. The announcement details the allocations as they will be reported on Form 1099-DIV, breaking down each quarterly distribution into ordinary income, capital gains, unrecaptured Section 1250 gains, and non-dividend distributions. The company also includes a disclaimer advising stockholders to consult their tax advisors, as this information should not be construed as tax advice."], ["20260115", "Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton announced a settlement with Cal-Maine Foods, Inc., requiring the company to donate approximately 2.16 million eggs to food banks across Texas. This settlement comes five years after Paxton sued Cal-Maine for alleged price gouging during the COVID-19 pandemic. The company is also prohibited from future price gouging during designated disaster periods."], ["20260115", "Becton Dickinson and Company (BDX) disclosed $1,496,000 in lobbying expenses for Q4 2025, covering issues related to medical technology, supply chains, and taxation. Insider trading over the past six months shows significant selling activity, with one purchase. Hedge funds have also shown mixed activity, with Wellington Management Group LLP significantly increasing its stake."], ["20260115", "First Solar Inc. (FSLR) has disclosed $90,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q4 2025, focusing on solar manufacturing, supply chain, and related policies. Insider trading activity shows 49 sales and no purchases in the last six months, with several executives selling shares. Hedge fund activity indicates mixed interest, with some major funds increasing positions while others significantly decreased them, and analysts largely maintain \"Buy\" or \"Overweight\" ratings with a median price target of $270.0."], ["20260115", "Attorney General Ken Paxton has reached a settlement with Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. for price gouging during the COVID-19 pandemic. As part of the settlement, Cal-Maine will donate approximately 2.16 million eggs to Texas food banks and is prohibited from future price gouging during disaster periods. This action aims to secure justice for Texans affected by the company's illegal price hikes."], ["20260115", "BlackRock reported record assets under management (AUM) of $14.042 trillion at the end of December 2025, driven by strong market gains and record inflows, especially into its iShares ETF platform. Morningstar analysts expect to increase their fair value estimate for BlackRock stock from $1,170 to $1,200 per share, viewing the shares as slightly undervalued despite anticipating potential headwinds from governmental policies. The firm's organic AUM growth rate of 8.6% for the fourth quarter significantly outperformed expectations and its peers."], ["20260115", "Getty Realty Corp. (NYSE: GTY) has announced the tax treatment for its 2025 dividend distributions on common stock. The allocations, including ordinary income, capital gains, unrecaptured Section 1250 gain, and non-dividend distributions, are detailed for the four quarterly payments made throughout 2025. The company advises shareholders to consult their tax advisors for specific tax implications."], ["20260115", "Insteel (IIIN) reported a strong start to fiscal 2026 with net earnings of $7.276 million, or $0.39 per share, significantly up from the prior year. The company saw a 3.8% increase in shipment volume and an 18.8% rise in average selling prices, driven by demand in data center construction and infrastructure projects, despite challenges like increased raw material costs and Section 232 tariffs. Management expressed optimism for 2026, anticipating continued strong performance."], ["20260115", "Pilgrim's, a major food producer, has announced a significant $1.3 billion investment plan in Mexico for 2026-2030, aimed at boosting domestic production and food security. This initiative, supported by President Claudia Sheinbaum and Secretary of Economy Marcelo Ebrard, will create over 4,000 direct jobs and 16,000 indirect jobs across seven Mexican states. The investment will expand infrastructure, including new farms and processing plants, and is expected to increase poultry production by 373,000 metric tons, reducing Mexico\u2019s reliance on imports."], ["20260115", "MP Materials (MP) is back in focus following a US Defense Department investment and a push for critical mineral stockpiles, leading to a 30.12% share price increase in the last month. The stock is currently trading at US$69.30, indicating a 41% intrinsic discount and sitting 14% below consensus price targets, with analysts providing a narrative fair value of US$79.29, suggesting it is undervalued. However, the company is loss-making with a negative return on equity and trades at a premium 6.3x book value, raising questions about whether the current valuation reflects future growth potential or valuation risk."], ["20260115", "The US has imposed a 25 percent tariff on certain advanced semiconductors, including the H200 and MI325X chips, as part of an agreement allowing Nvidia Corp to sell its Taiwan-made H200 AI processors to China. This duty will be collected as the chips are shipped to the US before reaching Chinese customers, with the tariff serving as a condition for Nvidia's sales to China. President Trump has tasked the US Secretary of Commerce and Trade Representative to pursue further negotiations on chip imports."], ["20260115", "Actelis Networks has successfully completed the delivery of a $0.5 million order to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for advanced hybrid-fiber networking solutions. This order, part of the FAA's modernization initiative, provides critical infrastructure upgrades for air traffic control facilities using Actelis' cyber-hardened, rapid-deployment technology. The company expects this delivery to significantly contribute to its fourth-quarter financial results and positions it for future federal infrastructure projects."], ["20260115", "Canopy Growth (NASDAQ: CGC) stock is trading for less than $2 per share, but the author argues it's not an attractive investment. This is due to persistent issues in the Canadian cannabis market, including slow revenue growth and consistent net losses, which are systemic problems rather than company-specific ones. While recent progress in the U.S. cannabis industry, such as reclassifying cannabis, may benefit the sector generally, it's unlikely to solve Canopy Growth's fundamental problems, especially given continued federal illegality and intense competition."], ["20260115", "Apple's 2026 AGM will see only one shareholder proposal, a significant drop attributed to a recent SEC rule change. This shift empowers companies to exclude proposals without formal SEC approval, leading to fewer shareholder resolutions, particularly concerning AI, despite its past significant support. This development may force shareholders to pursue litigation to hold companies like Apple accountable."], ["20260115", "Zacks Research has downgraded Tilray Brands (NASDAQ:TLRY) from a \"hold\" to a \"strong sell\" rating. The company reported a quarterly loss missing analyst estimates and has a consensus target price of $15.00 with mixed sell-side coverage including one Buy, four Hold, and two Sell ratings. Institutional ownership of the stock is currently 9.35%."], ["20260115", "Oshkosh Defense, a business of Oshkosh Corporation, has received a $53 million order from the U.S. Army for Common Bridge Transporters (CBTs). These CBTs are built on Oshkosh's heavy tactical truck architecture and are designed to transport, launch, and retrieve bridge bays and bridge erection boats, enabling continuous movement of combat forces across challenging terrain. This order aims to enhance the Army's mobility and logistical capabilities in complex, high-risk operational environments."], ["20260115", "H&R Block Canada has identified 15 sources of income that Canadians generally do not have to pay tax on, including gifts, inheritances, life insurance payouts, lottery winnings, and TFSA earnings. Despite being tax-free, some of these income streams still need to be declared to the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) as they can affect eligibility for other credits and benefits. This information is particularly relevant as tax filing season approaches, with many Canadians lacking confidence in navigating tax exemptions."], ["20260115", "AbbVie has signed a landmark deal with the US administration, committing US$100 billion to domestic manufacturing and R&D over the next decade in exchange for tariff exemptions and protection from future pricing mandates. This agreement is part of a broader pharmaceutical industry effort to boost domestic investment and reshape procurement strategies, with other major firms like Johnson & Johnson also making significant commitments. The initiative aims to strengthen the American healthcare supply chain, reduce drug costs for citizens, and address the administration's \"most-favoured-nation\" pricing policy."], ["20260115", "Intuit TurboTax has opened a new flagship store in New York City's SoHo neighborhood, marking the nationwide launch of nearly 600 expert offices and 20 TurboTax stores. This initiative aims to redefine tax filing by integrating agentic AI with human expertise, offering a \"done-for-you\" experience for personal and small business taxes. The stores provide seamless digital-to-physical integration, AI-driven expert matching, and flexible support modalities, along with educational features to enhance financial literacy."], ["20260115", "AbbVie, along with 15 other major drugmakers, has entered a US$100bn agreement with the Trump administration aimed at significantly reducing medicine costs for Americans and boosting domestic pharmaceutical research, development, and manufacturing. The deal focuses on lower Medicaid pricing and expanded direct-to-patient offerings via the TrumpRx platform, securing AbbVie an exemption from import tariffs and protection from future pricing mandates. This initiative represents a broader industry transformation toward greater affordability and re-shoring of healthcare manufacturing capacity."], ["20260115", "Matson (MATX) has released its 2026 outlook, projecting diluted EPS between $4.22 and $4.70, including a $0.77 per share benefit from tax adjustments. The company expects Q4 consolidated operating income to be $135 million to $145 million, and net income to range from $131.3 million to $146.3 million. Following these preliminary results, Matson's stock price increased by 2.3% in pre-market trading, indicating positive market sentiment."], ["20260115", "Thomson Reuters has launched ONESOURCE Sales and Use Tax AI, a new solution designed to revolutionize tax compliance by introducing \"Touchless Compliance.\" This AI-powered tool, built on CoCounsel, aims to significantly reduce the time spent on routine reporting and audit risk for tax professionals, freeing them to focus on strategic advisory work. The solution promises up to 65% faster compliance and a 75% reduction in audit exposure through automated data import, validation, and tax return mapping, directly supporting over 19,000 U.S. jurisdictions."], ["20260115", "Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are set to report earnings, with analysts scrutinizing their response to a proposed credit card interest-rate cap by former President Trump. While other banks like Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase & Co. posted better-than-expected profits, these two firms' stock performance has shown recent declines, making their earnings reports crucial. Wall Street expects Goldman Sachs to report $14.23 billion in revenue and Morgan Stanley $17.67 billion."], ["20260115", "Regal Rexnord (RRX) is gaining investor attention as capital shifts from technology to industrial companies, driven by anticipated government spending and stable energy costs. While this highlights Regal Rexnord's position in heavy industry and aligns with its existing narrative of demand for energy-efficient electrification and automation solutions, risks remain concerning supply chain issues and tariff pressures on rare earth-dependent products. Investors are weighing the company's financial forecasts, which project significant revenue and earnings growth, against these potential challenges and independent fair value estimates."], ["20260115", "Gevo (GEVO) is under reassessment by investors following significant executive changes, including new CEO and COO appointments, which are expected to redefine its direction in the sustainable fuels and carbon management sectors. Despite a recent share price decline, making it appear undervalued by some metrics, its high P/S ratio compared to industry averages suggests potential valuation risk. The company's future growth hinges on the successful monetization of carbon removal credits and clean fuel production tax credits, though these are subject to policy shifts and funding availability."], ["20260115", "Caledonia Mining Corporation Plc announced that Zimbabwe's Finance Act, 2025, enacting the 2026 National Budget, confirms that a 10% royalty rate will only apply if the gold price exceeds US$5,000 per ounce. This enactment means that other proposed tax and royalty changes have been withdrawn, and no amendments are needed for the Bilboes Gold Project Technical Report Summary."], ["20260115", "A new executive order from President Trump targeting large defense contractors, specifically RTX, by blocking dividends and stock buybacks, has raised questions about future shareholder returns. Despite a strong recent performance with a 70.08% one-year return, RTX is currently seen as 1% overvalued, trading slightly above its fair value estimate of US$197.11. Strategic portfolio optimization is ongoing, aiming to improve capital allocation and net margins, but jet engine reliability costs and defense budget shifts remain potential risks to its valuation."], ["20260115", "A U.S. District Court has ruled that butane is not eligible for the federal alternative fuel mixture tax credit, aligning with previous decisions by three Circuit Courts. The court found that under the statutory framework, butane is considered a \"taxable fuel\" when blended with gasoline, rather than an \"alternative fuel,\" preventing it from qualifying for the credit. This decision was made in a case involving Marathon Petroleum Company LP, Tesoro Alaska Company LLC, and Tesoro Refining & Marketing Company LLC seeking tax refunds."], ["20260115", "Executives from U.S. recycled-content steel producers Nucor and Steel Dynamics testified before the Congressional Steel Caucus, urging continued vigilance in enforcing the Section 232 tariff on imported steel. They highlighted China's overproduction and dumping of steel, and raised concerns about the United States-Mexico-Canada Trade Agreement's effectiveness in preventing Chinese steel from entering the U.S. market through Mexico and Canada. The executives emphasized the significant investments made by the U.S. electric arc furnace steel sector and the importance of maintaining a level playing field."], ["20260115", "Chevron's stock has outperformed ExxonMobil and ConocoPhillips in early 2026 due to renewed interest in Venezuela's oil industry under former President Donald Trump, who recently spoke with Venezuela's Interim President about stabilizing the country and reviving its oil sector. As the only major U.S. oil company operating in Venezuela, Chevron is expected to receive an expanded license, potentially increasing its production and exports from the region. This geopolitical development has bolstered investor sentiment for Chevron, which has seen its shares rise for five consecutive sessions."], ["20260115", "Ormat Technologies Inc. has been awarded the Telaga Ranu Geothermal Working Area in Indonesia after a competitive tender process. This concession strengthens Ormat's development pipeline and supports Indonesia's energy transition program, with the potential to provide up to 40MW of baseload geothermal energy. Ormat CEO Doron Blachar emphasized the significance of this award for the company's growth strategy in the region and its commitment to contributing to Indonesia\u2019s clean energy transition."], ["20260115", "Capital One Financial (COF) is scheduled to announce its Q4 2025 earnings after market close on Thursday, January 22nd. Analysts anticipate diluted earnings per share of $4.07 and revenue of $15.487 billion. Key points for investors include the recent dividend increase to $0.80 per quarter (1.4% yield), concerns over a high dividend payout ratio of 135%, significant insider selling, and potential regulatory risks from a proposed 10% cap on credit card APRs and a $425 million settlement."], ["20260115", "Intuit TurboTax has opened its new flagship store in New York City's SoHo neighborhood, marking the nationwide launch of nearly 600 expert offices and 20 TurboTax stores. This initiative aims to redefine in-person tax filing by integrating AI-powered technology with human expertise to offer a \"done-for-you\" tax experience. The stores provide personalized guidance, automate data entry, and match customers with local tax experts, with a grand opening celebration including a $100,000 donation to New York City Public Schools."], ["20260115", "Fortune Brands Innovations (FBIN) saw a 15.9% increase after President Trump ordered a US$200 billion mortgage-bond purchase by the FHFA to support housing affordability. This move strengthens the company's tie to government housing policies, potentially improving the housing market backdrop. Despite this, the company's reliance on U.S. housing and remodeling recovery, as well as its ability to maintain margins, remain key factors for its long-term investment narrative."], ["20260115", "Representative Gilbert Ray Cisneros, Jr. (D-California) recently sold between $15,001 and $50,000 worth of Flex Ltd. (NASDAQ:FLEX) stock on December 10th, 2025, which was disclosed in a January 12th filing. This transaction occurred in his \"150 MAIN STREET TRUST > BANK OF AMERICA\" account. Flex Ltd. shares were down 0.7% at $63.83, trading within a 52-week range of $25.11 to $72.22, and analysts currently rate it a \"Moderate Buy\" with an average price target of $66.11."], ["20260115", "Beam Global has secured significant contracts for its EV ARC off-grid electric vehicle charging systems with the New Jersey Department of the Treasury and the city of Fresno, California. These deployments highlight the company's strategic expansion in the sustainable infrastructure market, enabling rapid EV charging without reliance on the utility grid. Despite current profitability challenges, the market shows optimism regarding Beam Global's growth potential through government partnerships and its pioneering role in evolving EV infrastructure."], ["20260115", "Oilfield services giant SLB is positioned to secure early contracts for the revival of Venezuela's oil industry under U.S. President Donald Trump's plan. Leveraging its long-standing presence and close ties with Chevron, SLB's shares have risen significantly this year, reflecting market anticipation. While rivals like Halliburton and Baker Hughes are also preparing to re-enter, SLB's historical presence and technical expertise give it a strong early advantage."], ["20260115", "Johnson & Johnson will invest $4 billion in new pharmaceutical manufacturing facilities across the U.S., including a cell therapy site in Pennsylvania and a drug product facility in North Carolina. This investment comes as part of a federal pricing and trade agreement with the current administration, which will grant J&J exemptions from proposed tariffs in exchange for domestic production and offering medications at prices aligned with other developed countries. The initiative is set to create construction jobs and significant manufacturing roles, reflecting a broader trend among pharmaceutical companies to increase U.S.-based production due to evolving trade policies, pricing pressures, and supply chain needs."], ["20260115", "American Express (AXP) stock closed flat despite earlier volatility, as President Trump's proposed 10% cap on credit card interest rates continues to pressure the financial sector. Other major card issuers like Visa and Mastercard have also seen dips amidst this policy debate, which analysts view as a potential buying opportunity for long-term investors. A new fintech competitor, Bilt, has further complicated the landscape by offering a 10% introductory APR, while larger banks warn of negative economic impacts if the cap is implemented."], ["20260115", "Booking Holdings (BKNG) stock and other travel shares fell due to shifts in U.S. immigration policy and increased regulatory scrutiny. The travel sector is facing challenges from a new U.S. immigrant visa pause and an antitrust probe by China's market regulator into Trip.com, highlighting policy risks tied to cross-border movement. Despite some resilience, investors are concerned about potential crackdowns on online travel platform fees and market dominance, and the impact of anti-immigration policies on global tourism."], ["20260115", "Representative Gilbert Ray Cisneros, Jr. (D-California) recently sold between $1,001 and $15,000 worth of Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN) stock on December 24th, 2025. This transaction was part of several trades disclosed, including other sales and a significant purchase of Campbell's stock. Eaton's shares were down approximately 0.9%, and the company reported a slight EPS beat for the last quarter, with an average analyst target price near $391 and a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus."], ["20260115", "Steel Dynamics Inc. (NASDAQ: STLD) stock is up 9.1% year-to-date, outperforming its steel industry peers, which are largely down for the year. This resilience is notable given that Steel Dynamics, like many competitors, lowered its Q2 2024 EPS guidance. The article explores the reasons behind STLD's strength, including solid order activity, firm steel prices supported by domestic demand, and optimistic forecasts for its metal recycling and steel fabrication operations."], ["20260115", "AbbVie shares saw an after-hours bump following the company's announcement to target the obesity-drug sector. The move is a strategic effort to diversify beyond its existing blockbuster drugs, especially as biosimilar competition grows. Investors are closely monitoring the company's progress in this competitive market, particularly with its licensed drug GUBamy, and awaiting its upcoming earnings report on February 4th for further guidance and updates on U.S. pricing pressures."], ["20260115", "V2X, Inc. has been awarded a Scalable Homeland Innovative Enterprise Layered Defense (SHIELD) indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity (IDIQ) contract by the Missile Defense Agency (MDA), with a ceiling of $151 billion. This contract enables V2X to partner with the MDA to accelerate the delivery of innovative defense capabilities, directly supporting the Golden Dome American program. V2X will contribute its expertise in areas like advanced analytics, rapid prototyping, and cybersecurity to strengthen national security and enhance defense readiness."], ["20260115", "Intuit stock dropped 6.4% after the company revealed a new $2.2 billion revolving credit facility and Goldman Sachs initiated coverage with a Neutral rating. The market is now focused on the upcoming tax season, which begins January 26th, and Intuit's Q2 results, which conclude January 31st. Investors will be watching tax-season demand, assisted-filing uptake, and potential draws on the new credit line."], ["20260114", "The \"One Big Beautiful Bill Act\" (OBBBA) of July 2025 introduces significant real estate tax incentives for 2026 and beyond. Key provisions include the permanent restoration of 100% bonus depreciation, increased Section 179 limits, and improvements to the Qualified Opportunity Zone (QOZ) Program, making it permanent. The act also adds a new 100% deduction for qualified production property and permanently extends the Section 199A deduction for pass-through entities, offering substantial opportunities for real estate owners and investors to reduce taxable income and enhance cash flow."], ["20260114", "Lucid Group (LCID) is projected to commence full-scale electric vehicle production at its new facility in King Abdullah Economic City, Saudi Arabia, in 2026. This second plant is expected to gradually increase production to an annual capacity of 150,000 vehicles by 2029, following a successful 2025 where Lucid more than doubled its production. The move aligns with Saudi Arabia's Vision 2030 to diversify its economy and establish itself as an auto export hub."], ["20260114", "C.H. Robinson (CHRW) has filed a brief with the U.S. Supreme Court in the case of Montgomery v. Caribe Transport II, LLC, arguing for the affirmation of uniform federal freight laws. The company believes that maintaining one national set of rules, instead of 50 state-level ones, is crucial for both safety and the economy. C.H. Robinson asserts that federal law has historically governed motor carrier services, including freight brokers, and that fragmenting this system with varying state laws would increase costs and uncertainty in supply chains."], ["20260114", "Trumbull County Commissioners have unanimously approved vacating a portion of Pine Avenue to support the Kimberly-Clark project. This decision, following a public hearing where no opposition was voiced, is deemed a significant step for the county. Kimberly-Clark, which owns property on both sides of the street, requested the closure for safety, security, and operational efficiency as it builds a 1.2 million-square-foot manufacturing facility expected to bring 500 full-time jobs and a substantial economic impact to the region."], ["20260114", "MP Materials Corp.'s stock is trading up by 5.89% due to positive sentiment and strategic growth prospects, including an Outperform rating from William Blair citing its \"mine-to-magnet\" status and strategic alliances. Despite negative profitability and a lowered price target from Deutsche Bank, the company is poised for future growth, supported by government efforts to secure critical minerals and its strong financial footing with low debt and significant cash reserves. The article highlights the strategic value of minerals and MP's potential for growth amid global market vulnerabilities."], ["20260114", "NNN REIT, Inc. announced the tax status of its 2025 dividends, classifying 95.3188% of dividends paid to common shareholders as a taxable distribution for federal income tax purposes. The company highlighted that its $2.36 per share common dividend in 2025 marked the 36th consecutive annual increase, attributing this to its disciplined investment strategy and diversified triple net lease portfolio. The announcement details the breakdown of total, ordinary, non-taxable, and Section 199A dividends per common stock share."], ["20260114", "AbbVie has announced a voluntary agreement with the Trump administration to lower drug costs in the US by participating in the TrumpRx program, aligning with Most-Favored Nation (MFN) pricing. This initiative, which includes other major pharmaceutical companies, aims to make medications more affordable for Medicaid and some Medicare beneficiaries through direct-to-consumer purchases on the TrumpRx platform. While promising significant price reductions for various medications, concerns persist about the exclusion of privately insured drugs and potential impacts on pharmacies."], ["20260114", "Beam Global, a leader in electric vehicle infrastructure, recently secured a significant order from the New Jersey Department of the Treasury and deployed seven EV ARC charging systems in Fresno, CA, boosting its stock by 3.95%. These developments highlight the increasing adoption of their EV charging solutions in governmental sectors and underscore the company's strategic role in sustainable infrastructure. Despite current profitability challenges, the expanding market presence and strong demand for its off-grid charging solutions suggest potential for future financial stabilization and investor confidence."], ["20260114", "Morgan Stanley shares dropped by 1.3% as broader U.S. bank stocks pulled back following early earnings reports and ahead of Morgan Stanley's own quarterly results due Thursday. The financial sector is also facing policy uncertainties, including a proposed credit-card rate cap, which adds pressure to valuations. Investors are focused on their investment banking and wealth management performance, and the firm's outlook on trading volumes, deal fees, and expense management."], ["20260114", "AbbVie presented its strategy at the JP Morgan Healthcare Conference, focusing on pipeline expansion and diversification to combat an upcoming patent cliff and financial challenges. The company revealed a deal with the Trump administration to offer lower Medicaid prices and pledged $100 billion in US-based R&D, alongside plans to acquire a manufacturing facility in Arizona. Additionally, AbbVie announced an exclusive licensing agreement with RemeGen for a novel bispecific antibody targeting advanced solid tumors, highlighting its commitment to oncology innovation."], ["20260114", "Chevron is anticipated to receive an expanded license from the U.S. government this week, which would allow for increased oil production and exports from Venezuela. Other companies like Marathon Petroleum, Valero Energy, Mercuria, and Glencore are also reportedly in discussions for similar licenses to access Venezuela's heavy crude. This development follows recent political changes in Venezuela and President Trump's stated desire for U.S. oil companies to invest significantly in reactivating the country's oil industry."], ["20260114", "Oregon's two largest electric utilities, Portland General Electric and PacifiCorp, are significantly behind schedule in meeting stringent state mandates to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 80% by 2030 and 100% by 2040. Despite having plans, observers note their progress is slow and heavily backloaded, relying on an unprecedented buildout of new generation and transmission assets right before deadlines. Challenges include surging energy demand from data centers, increased costs for renewables due to inflation and tariffs, permitting roadblocks for transmission lines, and the potential termination of federal tax credits, making compliance difficult and potentially very expensive for ratepayers."], ["20260114", "Sanofi faces ongoing federal challenges despite a drug pricing deal, particularly regarding vaccine policy and an FDA rejection for its MS drug. CEO Paul Hudson and R&D chief Houman Ashrafian discussed these concerns at the J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference, emphasizing their ability to manage impacts and the strong data supporting their vaccines. The company is preparing for potential further surprises from the Trump administration and is actively engaging with smaller biotechs."], ["20260114", "Bank of America (BAC) shares fell by 4.6% despite exceeding Q4 analyst expectations for earnings and revenue. The decline is attributed to broader market concerns over potential government regulation, specifically a proposed 10% cap on credit card interest rates, which could impact banking sector profitability. While the stock has seen some volatility, today's drop highlights the market's sensitivity to regulatory news."], ["20260114", "Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL) reported mixed fourth-quarter earnings, with adjusted EPS beating estimates but revenue falling short due to a government shutdown and other factors. The company reaffirmed its 2026 earnings growth outlook of 20% year-over-year and projects $3 billion to $4 billion in free cash flow, aiming for further debt reduction and increased shareholder returns. Delta also plans significant investments in its fleet, customer experience, and technology."], ["20260114", "NioCorp Developments Ltd. has released the final results from its 2025 drilling campaign at the Elk Creek Critical Minerals Project in southeast Nebraska. The results align with company expectations, reinforcing confidence in the continuity and grade of mineralization. This data will be used to update the project's Mineral Resource and Mineral Reserve, a key step for the updated Feasibility Study supporting a pending debt financing application with the Export-Import Bank of the U.S."], ["20260114", "TransMedics Group, Inc., a multi-billion dollar medical technology company specializing in organ transplant technology, is relocating its global headquarters to Somerville, MA. This move is expected to generate $75 million in new tax revenue and 900 new jobs over the next decade. The relocation was incentivized by state and city leadership, including an $18 million Tax Increment Financing agreement and a performance-based incentive package from the Massachusetts Life Sciences Center."], ["20260114", "RBC Capital has increased its price target for Capital One (COF) to $275 from $255, maintaining a Sector Perform rating, based on a strong consumer finance outlook for Q4 2025. JPMorgan also raised its price target to $256 but warned about a presidential proposal to cap credit card interest rates at 10%, which could significantly impact the credit card market. Despite the positive adjustments, analysts suggest a defensive investment strategy due to such uncertainties."], ["20260114", "A federal judge appointed by Donald Trump is currently reviewing a Trump administration order that halted construction on a significant offshore wind farm in New York, the Empire Wind project. The developer, Equinor, claims the freeze endangers the 60% complete project due to financial losses and limited access to specialized vessels. This case is one of several legal challenges against the administration's actions regarding offshore wind projects, which Trump has publicly criticized, despite broad support for renewable energy in other countries."], ["20260114", "Nio stock fell by 1.6% due to new signals regarding demand and trade policy impacting electric vehicle stocks. The EU is reconsidering its tariff approach with Chinese EV makers, introducing uncertainty, while China's auto industry projects a significant slowdown in sales growth for 2026, particularly for EVs. Despite these challenges, Nio plans to continue its European expansion, stating that progress is being made between China and the EU on tariff consensus."], ["20260114", "AbbVie has partnered with the Trump administration to integrate into the TrumpRx direct-to-patient platform, aiming to reduce US drug prices. In return, AbbVie will receive exemptions from pharmaceutical import tariffs and future pricing mandates, while committing $100 billion to US R&D and capital investments over the next decade. The agreement includes making blockbuster drugs like Humira available through TrumpRx and aligns with Trump's most-favored-nation drug pricing policy to ensure competitive international pricing."], ["20260114", "A new Senate report, based on over 50,000 pages of internal documents, alleges that UnitedHealth Group is manipulating the Medicare Advantage system to receive inflated payments through a practice called \"upcoding.\" The report claims UnitedHealth uses its extensive resources and AI-enhanced data analytics to identify and add more diagnoses than its peers, converting risk adjustment into a profit-centered strategy. This report echoes previous allegations and has put UnitedHealth under scrutiny, though the company maintains the integrity of its Medicare Advantage program."], ["20260114", "NNN REIT, Inc. announced the tax status of its 2025 dividends, with 95.3188% classified as a taxable distribution. The company highlighted its 36th consecutive annual dividend increase of $2.36 per share, attributing this to a disciplined investment strategy, prudent balance sheet management, and a durable triple net lease portfolio. As of September 30, 2025, NNN REIT owned 3,697 properties across 50 states."], ["20260114", "Duke Energy Florida is removing the storm cost recovery charge from customer bills a month early, beginning in February, due to recovering costs associated with Hurricanes Debby, Helene, and Milton ahead of schedule. Residential customers can expect a significant reduction of approximately $33 on their monthly bills starting in February, with an additional $11 decrease coming in March, leading to a total reduction of $44 compared to January. The company cites additional savings from efficiency improvements, new solar energy sites, and Inflation Reduction Act tax credits."], ["20260114", "Duke Energy has brought online a 50-MW, four-hour battery energy storage system at the former Allen coal plant in the Carolinas for approximately $100 million. This project is the first of several planned battery storage initiatives by the company, aiming for 6,550 MW of battery additions by 2035 to meet rising energy demand and improve grid reliability. The project also leverages federal investment tax credits, reducing costs for customers and reinvesting in former coal plant communities."], ["20260114", "Jim Cramer advised against buying First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) stock on margin, particularly at $275, despite liking the company. He emphasized that buying on margin for stocks is too risky, unlike for a house. An analyst report from Ariel Investments noted FSLR's strong performance due to earnings beats, renewed pricing power, and potential policy support, with future growth expected from strategic changes and clarity on regulatory acts."], ["20260114", "Delta Air Lines CEO Ed Bastian stated that President Trump's proposed 10% cap on credit card interest rates would negatively impact banks and lower-income consumers, potentially eliminating credit access. Bastian noted that Delta's partnership with American Express is not focused on lower income levels and that airline loyalty programs are a significant revenue source for carriers. Despite strong demand from high-spending consumers and double-digit growth in business travel in 2026, Delta's shares fell after a cautious outlook for the year."], ["20260114", "Coeur Mining Inc. is investing approximately $45 million into exploration efforts across Southeast Alaska, Northern British Columbia, and Yukon. This investment focuses on expanding high-grade gold reserves at its Kensington mine and advancing the Silvertip mine project, which holds significant silver, zinc, and lead resources. The company aims to build robust mine plans and explore wider district potential, with operations expected to ramp up in about four years at Silvertip."], ["20260114", "Egypt's Minister of Petroleum and Mineral Resources, Karim Badawi, met with executives from Barrick Gold, Lotus Gold, and BHP at the Future Minerals Forum to discuss mining investments in Egypt. Discussions focused on gold and mineral exploration, joint investment opportunities, and leveraging Egypt\u2019s new mining reforms to attract international capital. The new competitive contractual model and regulatory reforms were highlighted as key factors in improving investment sentiment and supporting expansion plans for these companies in Egypt."], ["20260114", "Amid market declines and elevated macro uncertainty driven by renewed policy concerns and Trump's proposals, value stocks are presented as a disciplined path to returns. The article highlights the Price to Cash Flow (P/CF) ratio as a key metric for identifying fundamentally sound stocks trading below their intrinsic value. It recommends four specific value stocks: Universal Health Services, PNC Financial Services, Global Payments, and BioMarin Pharmaceutical, all carrying a Zacks Rank #2, as strong investment opportunities."], ["20260114", "The European Commission is poised to launch a formal antitrust investigation into Apple following a complaint from Spotify. Spotify alleges that Apple's App Store practices, including 30% commissions and anti-steering rules, violate the Digital Markets Act (DMA), maintaining an iOS distribution monopoly despite previous compliance deadlines. The Commission\u2019s preliminary review indicates credible concerns warranting a full probe, with potential fines up to 10% of Apple's global annual turnover."], ["20260114", "A BlackRock Advisor Trends Survey reveals that success in the high-net-worth client segment is increasingly driven by sophisticated strategies such as tax management, private market investments, and customized model portfolios. While many advisors use model portfolios to free up time, there's a significant gap between clients' need for tax guidance and advisors' primary focus on after-tax returns. The survey highlights a transformation in the advisory industry, emphasizing the need for personalization and expertise in specialized areas to meet evolving client expectations."]]}