{"topic": "financial_markets", "news": [["20260301", "This article provides daily stock insights for CAE Inc. (CAE:CA), including AI-generated trading signals, financial ratings, and recent relevant articles. It suggests long-term trading plans with specific buy, target, and stop-loss prices for both long and short positions, emphasizing checking the data's timestamp for accuracy. The CAE:CA ratings for March 1 are Neutral for Near Term, Weak for Mid Term, and Strong for Long Term."], ["20260301", "Tenable Holdings has filed a shelf registration related to its employee stock ownership plan (ESOP), which could lead to share dilution over time. The company, which specializes in cybersecurity solutions, uses equity-based compensation as part of its employee rewards strategy. Investors are advised to monitor the pace of ESOP share issuance and the potential impact on dilution, alongside the company's valuation and analyst targets."], ["20260301", "PTC Therapeutics (PTCT) recently reported mixed financial results for Q4 and full year 2025, showing a quarterly loss but a significant turnaround to full-year profit. Despite recent short-term share price weakness, the company has strong long-term returns and is considered undervalued, with a fair value estimate of $87.93 against its current price of $68.19. The valuation is based on its rare disease focus, complex earnings outlook, and specific risks such as drug dependence and concerns around product access."], ["20260301", "This article provides an analysis of Trueshares Structured Outcome (march) Etf (NASDAQ: MARZ), indicating neutral near and mid-term readings but a moderating long-term positive bias. It highlights elevated downside risk due to a lack of additional long-term support signals and presents three AI-generated trading strategies: Long Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging, with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal data and emphasizes institutional-grade tools for real-time signals and customized risk models."], ["20260301", "The STAX Nomura Tax-Free USA Short Term ETF (AMEX:STAX) aims to provide a high level of current interest income exempt from federal income tax by investing in short-duration municipal debt obligations, primarily with investment-grade ratings. The fund, managed by Nomura Asset Management USA, Inc., incorporates ESG sustainability scores in its selection process and may hold up to 20% in junk bonds. As of the article's data, its assets under management are $5.78 million USD, with a dividend yield of 3.01% and an expense ratio of 0.29%."], ["20260301", "The iShares U.S. Manufacturing ETF (MADE) tracks the S&P U.S. Manufacturing Select index, investing in US equity securities from manufacturing sectors. Launched on July 17, 2024, the ETF has $49.13 million in assets under management and a net expense ratio of 0.40%. As of February 27, 2026, MADE shares were trading at $36.40, reflecting a 16.7% increase year-to-date."], ["20260301", "The iShares Large Cap Max Buffer Jun ETF (MAXJ) is an actively managed ETF seeking to track the iShares Core S&P 500 ETF (the Underlying ETF) up to an approximate upside limit, while providing downside protection against price declines over an approximate one-year period starting each June. As of February 27, 2026, MAXJ had a NAV of $28.40 and net assets of over $153 million, with an expense ratio of 0.53%. The ETF employs an options strategy to define its buffer and cap levels for each hedge period."], ["20260301", "This page provides the latest news and market updates for EUDA Health Holdings Ltd (NASDAQ: EUDA), a Singapore-based non-invasive healthcare provider focusing on preventive health, longevity, and regenerative medicine. The company's news includes developments in its stem cell platforms, product launches like EUDA Helix\u00e9 2.0, and capital market activities, aggregated for investors and traders. Recent updates include Nasdaq notifications regarding minimum market value and bid price deficiencies, as well as a proposed merger with TheoremRx Inc."], ["20260301", "SEI Investments recently partnered with Pravati Capital to add litigation finance to its SEI Access\u2122 marketplace, providing alternative investment options for financial professionals. This partnership, alongside strong quarterly results with revenue up 9.1% year-on-year, supports SEI's strategy to broaden its alternative offerings and deepen relationships. While highlighting growth potential, the article also notes the trade-off of heavy spending on technology and talent versus potential margin pressure if new business slows."], ["20260301", "Rosty Raykov, a director at Fennec Pharmaceuticals (FENC), reported exercising 15,598 stock options and subsequently selling 10,079 common shares to cover tax obligations. Additionally, he acquired 5,208 common shares as previously restricted awards were released. Following these transactions, Raykov's direct common share holdings in Fennec Pharmaceuticals total 103,996 shares."], ["20260301", "This page provides comprehensive access to Knowles Corporation's (NYSE: KN) SEC filings, including annual, quarterly, and material event reports, alongside insider trading forms. The platform enhances these documents with AI-powered summaries to highlight key insights and tracks insider transactions, showing recent stock sales and withholdings by company executives. Knowles is a manufacturer of specialty electronic components for various markets."], ["20260301", "This article provides an earnings forecast and analysis for FLX (BingEx Ltd), detailing upcoming earnings dates, revenue and EPS estimates, and historical stock price reactions to past reports. It highlights expected stock price movements around earnings announcements and summarizes sentiments from a past earnings call. The analysis also touches on the correlation between stock price and earnings forecast revisions, advising caution due to mixed sentiments but also potential buying opportunities."], ["20260301", "EPR Properties reported strong Q4 and full-year 2025 results with increased revenue, a swing to net income, and a 5.1% dividend hike. The company plans significant investment in experiential real estate in 2026, supported by new financing, and is transitioning its CIO. While these developments bolster EPR's investment narrative, they also highlight the company's reliance on external funding for growth."], ["20260301", "This article provides a comprehensive overview of Jones Lang Lasalle Inc's (JLL) financial performance for fiscal year 2025, including detailed income statements, balance sheets, and cash flow data. It highlights key financial metrics such as revenue, net income, EPS, and operating margin, noting significant year-over-year growth across several indicators. The report also assesses JLL's financial health through various scores like Altman Z-Score, Piotroski F-Score, and earnings quality, generally indicating a strong and improving financial position."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis and stock price forecast for Nauticus Robotics Inc (KITT), indicating a \"Strong Sell\" consensus based on various technical indicators and moving averages. Key metrics such as MACD, RSI, and moving averages all suggest a bearish outlook, with the stock trading significantly below its longer-term moving averages. The analysis also highlights critical support and resistance levels for the stock."], ["20260301", "This article provides a comprehensive overview of Jeld Wen Holding's (JELD) SEC filings, including 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports. It highlights recent financial results, restructuring plans, insider transactions, and changes in leadership. The page also features AI-powered summaries of key filings, market data, and stock performance metrics for JELD."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for Broadway Financial Corporation (BYFC) SEC filings, including annual reports (10-K), quarterly earnings (10-Q), material events (8-K), and insider trading forms. Recent filings highlight NASDAQ notices regarding non-compliance due to delayed 10-Q filings, with the company planning to regain compliance. The delays stem from the need to evaluate loan participation agreements and an identified material weakness in internal controls, leading to expected financial statement restatements and a goodwill impairment charge."], ["20260301", "National Health Investors (NHI) has seen recent share price weakness despite strong longer-term returns. Simply Wall St's valuation model suggests NHI is slightly undervalued with a fair value of $85.63, reflecting consistent revenue growth expectations. However, its P/E ratio is higher than the industry average, indicating mixed signals for investors based on market multiples versus intrinsic value."], ["20260301", "The Rosen Law Firm is reminding purchasers of NuScale Power Corporation (NYSE: SMR) Class A common stock between May 13, 2025, and November 6, 2025, of an important lead plaintiff deadline on April 20, 2026, in a securities class action lawsuit. The lawsuit alleges that NuScale made false and misleading statements regarding its commercialization strategy by entrusting its projects to an entity, ENTRA1 Energy LLC, that lacked experience in nuclear power generation. Investors who purchased during the Class Period are encouraged to seek counsel to potentially recover damages."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Fidelity Hedged Equity Etf (FHEQ) using AI models, identifying neutral near and mid-term readings but maintaining a long-term positive bias. It highlights elevated downside risk and provides three institutional trading strategies: a Position Trading, a Momentum Breakout, and a Risk Hedging strategy. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal analysis with support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "This article provides an in-depth overview of the LLYX Defiance Daily Target 2X Long LLY ETF, detailing its price, performance metrics like AUM and expense ratio, and fundamental information such as its inception date and investment strategy. It highlights LLYX as a high-risk, short-term tactical tool that uses swap agreements to make bullish bets on Eli Lilly and Company's stock with daily leveraged exposure. The fund's characteristics, including its active management style, health care sector focus, and dividend yield, are also covered alongside frequently asked questions about ETFs."], ["20260301", "Enovis recorded a significant goodwill impairment charge of over $500 million in Q4 2025, resulting in a full-year loss of US$1.18 billion, attributed to shifts in business mix and accounting assumptions. Despite this, the company demonstrated strong organic growth in key segments, including an 8% rise in Reconstructive, driven by new product launches like the Nebula Stem and OrthoDrive Impactor. The article highlights the conflicting picture for investors, balancing the backward-looking impairment with forward-looking product traction and a return to positive free cash flow, indicating a healthier operating engine moving forward."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis of the Fidelity MSCI Communication Services Index ETF (AMEX:FCOM), presenting an overview of signals from moving averages, oscillators, and pivots. It indicates a current \"sell\" rating based on short-term technical indicators, though market conditions are subject to change. The article also includes frequently asked questions explaining technical analysis concepts and advises against making investment decisions solely based on these ratings."], ["20260301", "The Rosen Law Firm is reminding investors who purchased Plug Power Inc. (NASDAQ: PLUG) securities between January 17, 2025, and November 13, 2025, of the April 3, 2026, lead plaintiff deadline for a securities fraud lawsuit. The lawsuit alleges that Plug Power made false and misleading statements regarding the likelihood of receiving U.S. Department of Energy loan funds and the construction of hydrogen production facilities. Investors are encouraged to join the class action to seek compensation."], ["20260301", "This article provides detailed information on the LifeX 2028 Income Bucket ETF (LIFT), traded on CBOE. It covers key financial statistics such as assets under management, dividend yield, and expense ratio, alongside the fund's investment strategy of providing predictable monthly distributions from US Treasury debt securities. The document also includes performance data and answers frequently asked questions about ETFs and LIFT's specific characteristics."], ["20260301", "Kforce reported better-than-expected Q4 2025 revenues of $332 million, showing a 3% sequential improvement in its technology business despite a 5% decline in total 2025 revenues to $1.33 billion. The company anticipates improved operating margins in 2026, driven by organizational refinements and cost management, and expressed optimism regarding AI technology's future impact on revenue growth. Although GAAP EPS was $0.30, adjusted EPS reached $0.43, influenced by increased healthcare and compensation costs."], ["20260301", "Bright Futures Wealth Management LLC. has acquired a new position of $739,000 in the iShares Fallen Angels USD Bond ETF ($FALN) during the third quarter. Other institutional investors like Royal Bank of Canada, NewEdge Advisors LLC, and AE Wealth Management LLC have also adjusted their holdings in FALN. The ETF recently announced an increased monthly dividend of $0.1473 per share, representing an annualized yield of 6.4%."], ["20260301", "Epsilon Energy Ltd. has announced a new one-year share repurchase program, authorizing the repurchase of up to 3,014,986 common shares, or 10% of outstanding shares, for up to $15.0 million. This program, which commenced on February 19, 2026, replaces a previous one and aims to enhance shareholder value by repurchasing shares when their market price may not reflect underlying value. The company plans to fund the repurchases from available cash."], ["20260301", "Eaton Vance closed-end equity income funds, including Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund (EOS), will hold a joint Annual Meeting of Shareholders on April 8, 2026, to elect trustees. Shareholders of record as of January 27, 2026, will vote on Class I and Class III trustee nominees, with the Boards unanimously recommending a vote FOR all candidates. The article details the nominees, their professional backgrounds, trustee compensation, and the governance structure of the funds."], ["20260301", "The ProShares UltraShort Ether ETF (NYSEARCA: EETH) has declared a monthly distribution of $1.5130 per share. This declaration provides investors with a specific payment amount from the ETF."], ["20260301", "Pitney Bowes (PBI) recently reported a return to annual profitability for 2025 despite lower revenue, while also affirming its quarterly dividend and completing a significant share buyback. The company is actively managing its balance sheet through a new senior unsecured notes offering and a mixed shelf registration, aiming to reshape its capital structure. These moves, combined with improved profitability, are crucial for assessing PBI's investment narrative, which still faces challenges from high leverage and structural pressures in its core markets."], ["20260301", "This page provides access to Century Therapeutics, Inc. (IPSC) SEC filings, including annual reports (10-K), quarterly earnings (10-Q), material event reports (8-K), and insider trading forms. It highlights recent filings detailing insider sales, RSU grants to the CEO, and the company's transfer to The Nasdaq Capital Market due to a bid-price deficiency. The filings also cover updates on the company's iPSC-derived cell therapy pipeline and acquisition activities."], ["20260301", "This page provides exclusive access to Eureka Acquisition Corp (EURK) SEC filings, including annual 10-K reports, quarterly 10-Q earnings, 8-K material events, and insider trading forms. Stock Titan offers AI-powered summaries to help investors understand these complex documents, detailing Eureka Acquisition Corp's activities as a SPAC, its proposed business combination with Marine Thinking Inc., and essential financial figures like its stock price and market cap. Recent filings include an insider update related to share redemptions and an 8-K disclosing a promissory note extension."], ["20260301", "This article examines Home Depot's (HD) valuation using Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) and Price/Earnings (P/E) ratios, concluding that the stock appears overvalued. Despite recent returns and its role as a housing market bellwether, the analysis suggests HD's intrinsic value is below its current share price according to DCF, and its P/E ratio is higher than Simply Wall St's proprietary \"Fair Ratio.\" The article encourages investors to explore different narratives and conduct further research."], ["20260301", "Dover Corp (NYSE: DOV) has delivered resilient Q4 earnings, lifted its full-year guidance, and extended its dividend streak, yet its stock remains in line with the broader industrial sector. The article suggests that Dover is a solid, low-drama compounder for US investors seeking durable cash flows and free cash flow yield, emphasizing its diversified industrial platform and disciplined capital allocation. While not a high-growth stock, its stability, margin expansion, and consistent capital returns make it an attractive \"sleep well at night\" investment, with analysts generally holding a \"Moderate Buy\" stance."], ["20260301", "This page provides recent news, articles, and financial updates for DoorDash Inc. (DASH), including information on its operations, stock performance, and institutional investor activities. Notable news includes DoorDash winding down operations in four countries, various investment firms adjusting their positions in DASH, and analyst perspectives on the company. The page also features key financial metrics like market capitalization, PE ratio, and 52-week high/low."], ["20260301", "Coterra Energy (CTRA) has seen recent share price momentum, with the stock up 6% in the last month and 13% over three months. While one narrative suggests the stock is 19.7% overvalued at $30.59 with a fair value of $25.55, another discounted cash flow model indicates a much higher future cash flow value of $87.51, creating a mixed valuation picture. Investors are encouraged to consider the rewards and important warning signs to form their own view on the company's future prospects."], ["20260301", "This article evaluates three companies based on their cash-producing abilities and investment potential. It recommends selling Ralph Lauren (RL) due to disappointing revenue growth, subpar operating margins, and weak free cash flow. Conversely, it highlights TJX (TJX) and Mastercard (MA) as strong investment opportunities, praising TJX for its same-store sales growth and strong return on capital, and Mastercard for its outstanding revenue growth and high return on equity."], ["20260301", "This article identifies three value stocks\u2014Rapid7 (RPD), Jack in the Box (JACK), and United Parks & Resorts (PRKS)\u2014that investors should approach with caution. The author highlights concerns such as underwhelming growth, competitive challenges, declining margins, high debt, and waning returns on capital for each company. The article advises readers to consider other high-quality stocks with strong momentum instead of these potential \"value traps.\""], ["20260301", "This article analyzes three stocks: Amtech Systems (ASYS) and Hercules Capital (HTGC) are identified as potential sells due to poor financial performance and declining profitability despite bullish analyst ratings. Conversely, PTC (PTC) is highlighted as a promising \"Watch\" stock due to its strong financial model, high gross margins, and efficient operations within the software industry. The author emphasizes StockStory's unbiased analysis, contrasting it with potentially conflicted Wall Street ratings."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Flex Ltd. (NASDAQ: FLEX) as a liquidity pulse for institutional tactics, highlighting weak near-term sentiment but strong mid and long-term outlooks. It presents AI-generated trading strategies for different risk profiles, including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis. The analysis emphasizes an exceptional risk-reward setup targeting an 11.1% gain."], ["20260301", "This article from Stock Traders Daily discusses the current neutral sentiment for First Trust Intermediate Duration Investment Grade Corporate Etf (FIIG), indicating a wait-and-see approach. It highlights an exceptional 3.7:1 risk-reward short setup and provides specific trading strategies (Position, Momentum Breakout, Risk Hedging) with entry, target, and stop-loss levels based on AI-generated signals and multi-timeframe analysis."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Forestar Group Inc. (FOR), highlighting it as a risky investment due to declining sales volumes, negative free cash flow, and decreasing return on invested capital (ROIC). The author advises against buying FOR, despite its optically cheap valuation, and instead recommends looking into faster-growing companies with strong revenue growth."], ["20260301", "This article reviews the Q4 performance of automotive and marine retail stocks, highlighting MarineMax (NYSE:HZO) as the top performer with a 12% stock increase after beating analyst expectations. CarMax (NYSE:KMX) also had a strong quarter, while Genuine Parts (NYSE:GPC) posted the weakest results, with its stock falling over 20%. Other companies like OneWater Marine (NASDAQ:ONEW) and AutoZone (NYSE:AZO) also shared their Q4 results, indicating a mixed performance for the sector overall."], ["20260301", "Broad Arrow, driven by Hagerty (NYSE: HGTY), has announced a multi-year partnership with The Quail, A Motorsports Gathering, to become its official auction partner. This collaboration will see Broad Arrow host a two-day auction on August 13-14, 2026, in Carmel Valley during Monterey Car Week, featuring approximately 175 highly sought-after collector cars. The move signifies Broad Arrow's continued growth, reporting $624 million in total transaction value in 2025, a 97% increase from 2024."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis of Franklin Focused Growth Etf (NASDAQ: FFOG), highlighting neutral near and mid-term signals, a long-term positive bias, and elevated downside risk. It details three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014along with multi-timeframe signal analysis for institutional trading. The report also offers real-time signal access and personalized tracking features for users."], ["20260301", "Airbnb's Chief Strategy Officer, Nathan Blecharczyk, sold 4,260 shares of Class A Common Stock for over $533,000 on February 20, 2026. This transaction was executed under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. Following the sale, Blecharczyk retains direct and indirect ownership of over 61,000 shares."], ["20260301", "This article provides an analysis of Franklin Templeton Digital Holdings Trust Beneficial Interest (NASDAQ: EZBC) using AI-generated quant signals. It identifies a neutral sentiment in the near term with potential for moderated mid-term weakness, and outlines specific trading strategies. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal analysis, support, and resistance levels for the stock."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Eaton Vance Short Duration Municipal Income Etf (EVSM), providing AI-generated signals and trading strategies. It notes a neutral sentiment with resistance being tested, suggesting a wait-and-see approach. The analysis offers specific entry, target, and stop-loss points for long, breakout, and short positions, alongside multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "A key clinical study evaluating Grail's Galleri cancer detection test has failed to meet performance expectations, dealing a significant blow to the company and the multi-cancer early detection (MCED) field. The disappointing results raise questions about the accuracy of blood-based cancer screening tools and their impact on investor confidence. Despite this setback, experts believe that improvements in technology and data modeling could still make MCED viable for specific high-risk populations."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes two restaurant operators, Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. (BDL) and Rave Restaurant Group, Inc. (RAVE), comparing their business models, stock performance, and valuation. BDL, with its diversified restaurant and liquor store segments, is deemed a better buy due to its attractive valuation and stable operating model, despite RAVE's asset-light franchise approach. The analysis concludes that BDL offers a more compelling balance between stability and potential return."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes trending technical reactions for Eaton Vance Floating-rate Etf (NASDAQ: EVLN), indicating a neutral sentiment that favors a wait-and-see approach. It highlights a breakdown underway with expected lower levels and elevated downside risk, as well as providing institutional trading strategies tailored for different risk profiles. The analysis includes position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging strategies, alongside multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "Hologic's Aptima\u00ae HPV Assay has received FDA approval for clinician-collected HPV primary screening, broadening its cervical cancer screening portfolio. This mRNA-based test is designed to detect HPV infections most likely to lead to cervical cancer, offering providers more flexibility alongside existing Pap+HPV co-testing and Pap testing options. The approval follows a large real-world evidence study demonstrating the assay's clinical comparability and effectiveness in primary screening."], ["20260301", "The article analyzes Eaton Vance High Yield Etf (EVHY), indicating a neutral sentiment with a mid-channel oscillation pattern. It presents various AI-generated trading strategies, including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, tailored for different risk profiles. The analysis highlights a 3.0:1 risk-reward setup, targeting a 0.9% gain versus 0.3% risk."], ["20260301", "This article evaluates Griffon (GFF) post its Q4 earnings, advising caution due to sluggish long-term revenue growth of 1.5% and a projected 28.7% revenue drop in the next 12 months. While the stock's 16.1x forward P/E valuation is fair, the author suggests better investment opportunities exist. The report concludes that Griffon's business quality falls short of their standards."], ["20260301", "This article recommends selling Clorox (CLX) due to its declining revenue, slow organic growth, and limited projected revenue upside. Despite a reasonable forward P/E, the analysis suggests Clorox doesn't meet quality tests, advocating for superior stock alternatives. The article also mentions high-quality stocks that have historically outperformed the market."], ["20260301", "This article assesses the valuation of Inter & Co (NasdaqGS:INTR) following strong multi-year shareholder returns. Despite a recent short-term pullback, the company has seen significant growth in revenue and net income, with analysts estimating it to be 15% undervalued with a fair value near $10.25 based on rapid user growth and expanding market penetration in Latin America. The analysis also highlights potential risks related to credit losses in Brazil and increased costs from technology or regulatory issues."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed analysis of Listed Funds Trust Trueshares Active Yield ETF (ERNZ), highlighting a neutral sentiment across all time horizons. It presents specific institutional trading strategies for long, breakout, and short positions with defined entry, target, and stop-loss zones. The analysis also includes AI-generated signals and risk-reward ratios."], ["20260301", "This article provides comprehensive data on the KNGZ First Trust S&P 500 Diversified Dividend Aristocrats ETF, including its price, performance over various periods, key statistics like AUM and dividend yield, and detailed fund information. It outlines the ETF's investment strategy, classification, and holdings, along with answers to frequently asked questions about ETFs and KNGZ's specifics. The article also touches upon technical analysis and seasonal trends for the fund."], ["20260301", "Stride (LRN) recently reported better-than-expected quarterly results, partly due to a one-time gain, and raised its adjusted operating income outlook. Despite a significant 90-day share price return of 34.75%, the stock trades at US$84.38, below the average analyst target of US$106 and an intrinsic value estimate of US$111, suggesting it may still be undervalued. The valuation narrative is supported by expectations of continued double-digit enrollment growth and expansion into tutoring and career-focused learning."], ["20260301", "Aprio Wealth Management LLC increased its stake in Dimensional US High Profitability ETF (DUHP) by 1.2% in the third quarter, making it their largest position valued at $89.5 million. Other institutional investors also adjusted their holdings in DUHP. The ETF, which invests in large-cap US stocks, saw its shares open at $39.23, with a market cap of $11.12 billion."], ["20260301", "Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C. announced a class action lawsuit against Agilon Health, Inc. (NYSE: AGL) for allegedly issuing misleading guidance and overstating the financial impact of strategic actions. Investors who purchased Agilon securities between February 26, 2025, and August 4, 2025, and incurred losses, have until March 2, 2026, to apply to be appointed as lead plaintiff. The firm encourages affected investors to contact them to discuss their legal options."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis of the JPMorgan U.S. Tech Leaders ETF (NASDAQ:JTEK), featuring an overview of indicator data from moving averages, oscillators, and pivots. It explains that the summary gauge shows whether these indicators suggest a buy, sell, or neutral signal for the ETF. The analysis highlights that current technical ratings suggest a \"sell\" for JTEK, though market conditions fluctuate, advising users to cross-reference with other information."], ["20260301", "This page provides a detailed stock quote for Insteel Industries, Inc. (NYSE: IIIN), including its current price, intraday performance, and key financial metrics like shares outstanding and dividend yield. It also features a comprehensive list of recent news headlines and articles related to the company, covering financial results, analyst opinions, and market performance."], ["20260301", "Duos Technologies Group, Inc. closed its underwritten public offering of 8,666,666 shares of common stock, raising approximately $65 million. This financing will enable the company to pursue a $200 million NVIDIA GPU hosting Letter of Intent with Hydra Host, led by incoming CEO Doug Recker. The capital will also be used to expand and commercialize Duos' Edge Data Center business and support its Edge AI platform and AI infrastructure initiatives."], ["20260301", "Cantor Fitzgerald raised its price target for Innoviva, Inc. (INVA) to $32 from $31, maintaining an Overweight rating, following strong fiscal Q4 2025 results. The company's revenue surpassed expectations due to XacDuro inventory builds in China and the durable royalties portfolio, alongside a significant 47% year-over-year growth in IST product sales. Innoviva also announced the FDA approval of NUZOLVENCE\u00ae and initiated a $125 million share repurchase program."], ["20260301", "The DoubleLine Yield Opportunities Fund (NYSE: DLY) has declared a distribution of $0.1167 per share for March 2026. The ex-dividend and record dates are set for March 18, 2026, with payment on March 31, 2026. The fund aims for a high level of total return with an emphasis on current income through active asset allocation in fixed income sectors."], ["20260301", "Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc. is awaiting critical late-stage study results for its experimental epilepsy drug, azetukalner, which could lead to FDA approval. The drug has shown significant promise in previous trials, with some patients achieving seizure freedom, and analysts are optimistic about its potential to become a blockbuster therapy. If successful, Xenon plans to file for FDA approval this year, potentially making azetukalner a best-in-class treatment for epilepsy."], ["20260301", "BNY Mellon Strategic Municipal Bond Fund, Inc. has declared a monthly dividend of USD 0.0260 per share. This dividend is payable on March 31, 2026, with an ex-date and record date set for March 12, 2026. The fund's investment objective is to maximize current income exempt from federal income tax while preserving capital, primarily investing in municipal obligations."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis of Integrated Media Technology Ltd (IMTE), indicating an overall \"Strong Sell\" consensus based on various technical indicators and moving averages. Key metrics like MACD and multiple simple moving averages suggest bearish momentum, while the RSI is neutral. The analysis also outlines critical support and resistance levels for the stock."], ["20260301", "HealthStream Inc. CEO Robert A. Frist Jr. filed an amended Form 4/A to correct an administrative error regarding a gift transfer of common stock. The amendment clarifies that 527,918 shares were transferred on December 15, 2025, rather than a previously reported lesser amount which temporarily omitted 208 shares. Following this corrected transfer, Frist directly beneficially owns 4,048,052 shares of HealthStream common stock."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive overview of Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd. (HAM) stock, including real-time charts, key financial statistics, and company information. It highlights upcoming earnings, recent news, and investment ideas from the TradingView community, along with analyst ratings and ETFs holding the stock."], ["20260301", "Twenty-five analysts have provided ratings for DraftKings (NASDAQ: DKNG) over the past three months, resulting in an average price target of $38.80, a decrease from the previous average of $44.58. The article details individual analyst actions, including ratings and price target adjustments, and highlights DraftKings's strong financial performance with high revenue growth, net margin, ROE, and ROA. The company, an innovator in daily fantasy sports and online sports betting, is shown to maintain a robust market position and effective debt management."], ["20260301", "The CEO of Ichor Holdings, Philip Ryan Barros Sr., sold 21,000 ordinary shares of the company for a total of $979,230 on February 26, 2026. Following this transaction, Barros directly holds 153,936 shares. The sale details are based on an SEC Form 4 filing."], ["20260301", "Dolly Varden Silver Corporation presented at the PDAC 2026 Conference to highlight its mining and exploration activities, aiming to increase visibility and secure long-term funding. While strengthening existing catalysts, the company's investment narrative still relies on converting high-grade drill results into an economically viable portfolio, despite ongoing losses. Investors are encouraged to consider the funding and execution risks, as well as divergent fair value estimates, given the company's reliance on external capital."], ["20260301", "Turning Point Brands (TPB) has surged 95.6% over the last year, but Simply Wall St's valuation model assigns it a low score and declares it overvalued. A Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) analysis suggests the stock is 50.6% above its intrinsic value, while its P/E ratio of 43.78x is significantly higher than the industry average of 14.55x. The article encourages investors to use Simply Wall St's \"Narratives\" feature to build personalized valuation models."], ["20260301", "This page provides investors and traders with the latest news and analysis for Intelligent Living Application Group Inc. (NASDAQ: ILAG), a Hong Kong-based premium lockset manufacturer. Key news focuses on financial results, Nasdaq listing compliance, product development including smart home security devices, and capital markets activity. The company has announced efforts to develop advanced smart home security devices using blockchain technology and has reported fluctuating financial results and Nasdaq deficiency notifications."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for investors to access Iridex (IRIX) SEC filings, including 10-K annual reports, 10-Q quarterly reports, and 8-K material event forms. It details the company's business in ophthalmic laser systems and highlights recent insider trading activities by CFO Romeo R. Dizon and Director William M. Moore. The platform also offers AI-powered tools to summarize complex financial documents."], ["20260301", "First Trust Advisors L.P. announced the monthly distribution for the First Trust Enhanced Short Maturity ETF (FTSM), setting it at $0.191 per share. The Ex-Dividend Date and Record Date are both February 27, 2026, with the Payable Date on March 3, 2026. First Trust Advisors manages approximately $319 billion in collective assets and serves as the investment advisor for the ETF."], ["20260301", "United Rentals and Procore Technologies have launched a new telematics integration that will bring rental equipment data directly into Procore's Resource Management solution. This collaboration aims to deepen customer ties by improving project planning, resource allocation, and jobsite efficiency for contractors. For investors, this move indicates United Rentals' commitment to leveraging technology for enhanced customer stickiness and long-term service opportunities."], ["20260301", "Goldman Sachs analysts predict that European natural gas prices could more than double, specifically surging by 130% to $25 per million British thermal units, if shipping through the Strait of Hormuz is halted for a month. This significant increase would also affect spot Asian liquefied natural gas prices. The firm notes that current benchmarks in Europe and Asia have not adequately priced in the geopolitical risks associated with Iran."], ["20260301", "Host Hotels & Resorts (HST) has provided strong results and guidance for 2026, alongside confirmation of its quarterly dividend, suggesting a positive long-term trend despite a recent minor share price dip. The company is currently trading close to its fair value of $20.17, indicating it is modestly undervalued. Prudent financial management and a focus on FFO enhancement support a premium valuation for this high-quality REIT."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Proshares Ether Strategy ETF (EETH) using AI models to inform risk allocation. It highlights positive near-term sentiment but a weak mid-term bias within a long-term strength context, noting elevated downside risk. The analysis provides distinct institutional trading strategies\u2014position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging\u2014along with multi-timeframe signal data indicating support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "Costco Wholesale has demonstrated strong financial performance and customer loyalty, making it an elite company with a significant competitive edge due to its scale and low prices. However, its stock is currently trading at a very high valuation, making it expensive compared to other market leaders like Nvidia. While a strong business, investors might consider waiting for a pullback or using dollar-cost averaging before buying shares."], ["20260301", "Automatic Data Processing (ADP) has seen a 30% share price gain over the last year, prompting a reassessment of its valuation. Simply Wall St's analysis, using a Discounted Cash Flow model and P/E ratio, suggests ADP might be undervalued, with its intrinsic value estimated significantly higher than its current share price. The article encourages investors to explore communal narratives for different valuation perspectives."], ["20260301", "This article provides an analysis of Innovator U.s. Equity 5 To 15 Buffer Etf - Quarterly (NASDAQ: EALT), noting a neutral near and mid-term outlook but a positive long-term bias. It highlights a 9.1:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 2.6% gain against a 0.3% risk and details three AI-generated trading strategies: Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal analysis and encourages users to access real-time signals and personalized alerts."], ["20260301", "Tri Pointe Homes (NYSE:TPH) reported Q4 revenues of $972.6 million, exceeding analyst expectations but showing the slowest revenue growth among its peers. The article benchmarks Tri Pointe Homes against other home builders like Taylor Morrison Home, Meritage Homes, Champion Homes, and NVR, highlighting their Q4 performances. It notes that while the homebuilders sector had a mixed Q4, share prices have largely held steady, reflecting the cyclical nature of the industry and its sensitivity to interest rates."], ["20260301", "This page provides comprehensive access to Shift4 Payments Inc. (NYSE: FOUR) SEC filings, including annual 10-K, quarterly 10-Q, and material event 8-K reports, along with insider trading data. It aims to help investors understand the company's financial health, corporate governance, and key operational changes. The platform offers real-time updates from EDGAR and AI-powered summaries to simplify complex financial documents for quick analysis."], ["20260301", "This article provides a liquidity mapping analysis for Global X Dow 30 Covered Call & Growth Etf (NASDAQ: DYLG), highlighting a neutral near and mid-term outlook with a potential moderation of a long-term positive bias. It identifies a mid-channel oscillation pattern and presents three distinct AI-generated trading strategies: Long Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis. The report also details potential risk-reward scenarios and support/resistance levels for DYLG."], ["20260301", "Flowers Foods (FLO) reported a Q4 FY 2025 EPS loss of US$0.32, bringing its trailing twelve-month net margin down to 1.6% from 4.8% a year prior, partly due to a large one-off loss. Despite flat revenue growth forecasts, analysts project significant earnings growth (36.9%) which relies heavily on margin improvement and a shift to premium products. The company's current P/E of 26.1x with a 9.56% dividend not well covered by earnings, and high debt, contribute to an elevated risk profile, testing bullish narratives based on future margin gains."], ["20260301", "This article provides an earnings roundup for the diversified financial services segment in Q4, focusing on WEX and other companies. It highlights that the sector performed satisfactorily, with revenues beating estimates and share prices holding steady. The report details the performance of WEX, Donnelley Financial Solutions (best Q4), PayPal (weakest Q4), Western Union, and NCR Atleos, concluding with a market update on interest rates and economic outlook."], ["20260301", "Destiny Tech100 Inc. (NASDAQ: DXYZ) shows a near-term strong sentiment that could challenge persistent mid and long-term weakness, with an exceptional 90.7:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 27.2% gain. The article offers three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014along with multi-timeframe signal analysis to guide traders on entry and exit points, support, and resistance levels. Despite current weak sentiment, the analysis provides institutional-grade insights for optimizing positions and managing risk."], ["20260301", "This article provides a Q4 rundown of financial exchanges and data stocks, focusing on FactSet (NYSE:FDS) and comparing its performance to peers like Morningstar (NASDAQ:MORN), S&P Global (NYSE:SPGI), Moody's (NYSE:MCO), and MarketAxess (NASDAQ:MKTX). While FactSet's revenue beat expectations, its stock declined due to slightly missing full-year EPS guidance. The article highlights Morningstar as a top performer in Q4 and S&P Global as the weakest."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed analysis of Distillate International Fundamental Stability & Value Etf (NASDAQ: DSTX), highlighting strong sentiment across all horizons but also noting elevated downside risk. It presents AI-generated trading strategies for different risk profiles, including long, breakout, and hedging strategies, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis. The report also details how users can access real-time signals and personalize their monitoring through a free account."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes whether Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) is fairly priced after a 31% share price decline over the past year. Using Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) analysis, the stock appears to be about right, showing a small overvaluation of 3%. However, based on the P/E ratio, Chipotle trades above Simply Wall St's \"Fair Ratio\" and the broader industry average, suggesting it might be overvalued. The article also presents \"Narrative\" valuations, ranging from a bullish fair value of US$44.32 to a bearish fair value of US$34.00, reflecting different assumptions about future growth and risks."], ["20260301", "Hilton Worldwide Holdings (HLT) is being analyzed for its valuation as it navigates margin pressures in the hotel industry, showcasing resilient demand and strong growth. While one narrative suggests it is 5% undervalued with a fair value of $328.28, another view highlights its high P/E ratio of 49.1x compared to peers, suggesting rich market expectations. The article encourages investors to examine the data themselves to form their own view on Hilton's future prospects."], ["20260301", "This article provides an analysis of Distillate Small/mid Cash Flow Etf (NASDAQ: DSMC), identifying a neutral sentiment in the near and mid-term with a positive long-term bias. It highlights an exceptional risk-reward short setup and offers institutional trading strategies including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The analysis is based on AI-generated signals and multi-timeframe insights."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis of Ft Vest Djia Dogs 10 Target Income Etf (NASDAQ: DOGG), highlighting neutral near and mid-term readings but suggesting a potential breakout. It details institutional trading strategies, including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis for support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "Herc Holdings (NYSE:HRI) recently completed its largest acquisition, expanding its equipment rental presence and focusing on post-merger integration to achieve cost synergies and optimize its branch network. Investors should monitor the effectiveness of this integration, especially regarding operational combination, used equipment sales, and demand patterns in new markets. While analysts see the stock as undervalued, current financial flexibility is a concern due to interest payments not being well covered by earnings."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Magenta Therapeutics Inc. (DNTH) through a quantitative research lens, highlighting strong sentiment across all time horizons that supports an overweight bias. It presents three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014along with multi-timeframe signal analysis indicating strong support and resistance levels. The report emphasizes the stock's 49.1:1 risk-reward short setup, targeting a 14.2% downside with minimal risk."], ["20260301", "HCI Group (HCI) saw a 13.0% increase in stock price following record 2025 financial results, including strong revenue and net income. The company also announced the successful IPO of its Exzeo technology platform and a new US$80 million share repurchase program, signaling a shift in capital allocation. Despite these positive developments, the company's significant exposure to Florida's insurance market remains a key risk due to potential catastrophe activity."], ["20260301", "This article provides a real-time analysis of the Madison Dividend Value Etf (NASDAQ: DIVL), highlighting neutral near and mid-term readings but a positive long-term bias. It outlines institutional trading strategies, including long, breakout, and short positions, based on AI-generated signals for different risk profiles. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal strengths, support, and resistance levels for DIVL."], ["20260301", "Eastman Chemical (EMN) has seen recent share price momentum with a 21.89% return over 90 days, despite a 19.26% decline over the past year. The stock trades close to analyst targets but is at a modeled intrinsic discount, leading to a \"3% Overvalued\" narrative with a fair value of $73.35. However, a market multiple analysis suggests the stock is undervalued compared to peers, trading at 18.2x earnings versus a peer average of 32.6x."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed analysis for precision trading with the Dimensional Global Credit Etf (DGCB), highlighting a neutral sentiment across all time horizons. It outlines three distinct AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014with specific entry, target, and stop loss zones. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal data and emphasizes a compelling long-term risk-reward setup."], ["20260301", "The iShares iBonds Dec 2031 Term Corporate ETF (IBDM) has declared a monthly distribution of $0.0804 per share. This announcement provides investors with information regarding the ETF's upcoming payout."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the price dynamics and execution-aware positioning for Dimensional Global Ex Us Core Fixed Income Etf (NASDAQ: DFGX), published on Stock Traders Daily. It highlights a neutral sentiment across all time horizons, suggesting sideways action, and identifies elevated downside risk due to a lack of long-term support signals. The report also provides three AI-generated trading strategies: a Long Position Trading Strategy, a Momentum Breakout Strategy, and a Risk Hedging Strategy."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the technical signals for Dimensional Global Core Plus Fixed Income Etf (NASDAQ: DFGP), indicating a neutral sentiment and a wait-and-see approach for institutional traders. It presents specific trading strategies (Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging) with entry points, targets, and stop losses, based on AI-generated signals for different time horizons."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Dimensional World Equity Etf (NASDAQ: DFAW) using AI models, revealing a neutral near and mid-term outlook but a strong long-term positive bias. It presents three distinct trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014along with multi-timeframe signal analysis and support/resistance levels. The analysis highlights an exceptional 8.9:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 2.6% gain versus 0.3% risk."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Douglas Emmett Inc. (DEI) stock, highlighting its current neutral sentiment across shorter time horizons which could indicate an easing of a long-term weak bias. It discusses support and resistance levels, and offers three AI-generated trading strategies (Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging) with specific entry, target, and stop-loss zones. The analysis also provides multi-timeframe signal insights for tactical trading decisions."], ["20260301", "Viking (VIK) is set to report Q4 earnings before the market open on Tuesday, with analysts expecting a 19.8% year-on-year revenue growth. The luxury cruise operator met revenue expectations last quarter but missed EPS estimates, despite beating EBITDA estimates. Investors will be watching key metrics, following a mixed performance from peers in the consumer discretionary - travel and vacation providers segment."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Dimensional Us Core Equity 1 Etf (NASDAQ: DCOR), identifying a neutral near and mid-term outlook with a mid-channel oscillation pattern. It highlights an exceptional 11.4:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 3.3% gain against 0.3% risk. The piece outlines three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored for different risk profiles and holding periods, emphasizing sophisticated risk management."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Doubleline Commodity Strategy Etf (NASDAQ: DCMT) based on AI-generated algorithmic frameworks. It identifies a neutral sentiment across all time horizons, suggesting a wait-and-see approach with elevated downside risk due to a lack of additional long-term support signals. The analysis also provides institutional trading strategies for various risk profiles, including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging strategies."], ["20260301", "The Schall Law Firm is investigating Tennant Company (NYSE: TNC) on behalf of investors for potential securities law violations. This investigation follows Tennant's announcement of significantly missed revenue and earnings per share estimates for full-year 2025, attributed to problems with its new ERP system causing \"prolonged customer delays.\" Shares of Tennant fell by 23.4% following this news."], ["20260301", "CRA International (CRAI) reported record Q4 and full-year 2025 revenues and net income, alongside an increased 2026 revenue forecast and an expanded share repurchase authorization. While these results reinforce the existing bull case for the economic consulting firm, driven by growing regulatory and analytical complexity, investors should consider the ongoing risk of fluctuating client activity and potential fee pressures, particularly if global M&A or enforcement slows. The company's narrative projects continued revenue and earnings growth through 2028, with an estimated fair value suggesting a significant upside."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Central Plains Bancshares Inc. Com (CPBI) focusing on its impact on rotational strategy timing. It highlights neutral near and mid-term readings, potential moderation of long-term positive bias, and elevated downside risk due to a lack of additional long-term support. The analysis provides AI-generated trading strategies including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging with specific entry zones, targets, and stop losses."], ["20260301", "This article provides an analysis of Congress Smid Growth Etf (NASDAQ: CSMD), indicating a 'Neutral' near and mid-term outlook with a 'Long-term Positive Bias'. It highlights a significant 18.1:1 risk-reward short setup and offers three distinct AI-generated trading strategies: Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis. The piece also details how users can access real-time signals and personalized alerts for CSMD."], ["20260301", "LTC Properties is making an aggressive shift into its seniors housing operating portfolio (SHOP) with a target of US$600 million in acquisitions by 2026, reflected in a strong year-to-date share price return. Despite a 4.9% overvaluation based on a standard fair value narrative, the P/E ratio suggests the stock might be undervalued compared to peers, indicating a mixed valuation picture. Investors should consider both the growth potential from the SHOP expansion and risks like higher debt costs."], ["20260301", "JFrog Ltd. Director Elisa Steele sold 684 Ordinary Shares on February 24, 2026, at $34.79 per share, totaling approximately $23,810. This transaction was executed under a pre-arranged Rule 10b5-1 trading plan adopted on September 15, 2025. Following the sale, Steele directly owns 20,561 Ordinary Shares of JFrog."], ["20260301", "Wix.com (WIX) has experienced a significant share price decline of 64.9% over the last year, leading investors to re-evaluate its value. According to a Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) analysis by Simply Wall St, Wix.com appears 54.9% undervalued with an estimated intrinsic value of $156.12 per share compared to its current price of ~$70.46. The article also notes that while its P/E ratio of 27.7x is above the IT industry average, it is below its peer group and Simply Wall St's calculated \"Fair Ratio,\" further suggesting potential undervaluation."], ["20260301", "This article compiles various trade ideas and analyses for Robinhood Markets, Inc. (MIL:1HOOD) from different traders on TradingView. The ideas range from bullish long positions based on technical indicators and fundamental analysis to bearish short positions influenced by negative sentiment, IPO performance, and pump-and-dump concerns. Traders discuss potential support and resistance levels, breakout points, and price targets for both upward and downward movements."], ["20260301", "Cadre Holdings (NYSE: CDRE) has demonstrated strong financial performance, with 13.4% annual revenue growth and 19.9% annual EPS growth over the past two years, outperforming its peers in the safety and survivability equipment market. This growth, coupled with a recent dividend increase, reinforces confidence in its cash generation and earnings quality despite the inherent risks associated with large, potentially delayed government and nuclear safety contracts. Analysts project Cadre to reach $787.2 million in revenue and $74.8 million in earnings by 2028, suggesting a significant upside to its current price."], ["20260301", "Delek US Holdings (DK) exceeded expectations in Q4 2025, reporting adjusted earnings of $0.44 per share against an anticipated loss, and revenue of $2.4 billion, surpassing projections by 6.3%. This strong performance was driven by significant improvements in its refining and logistics segments, leading to a substantial increase in adjusted EBITDA. The company also provided a positive outlook for Q1 and full-year 2026, outlining planned capital expenditures aimed at enhancing operational reliability and infrastructure."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis and stock price forecast for the VanEck Indonesia Index ETF (IDX). It indicates a \"Neutral\" overall technical consensus based on moving averages and oscillators, with IDX currently trading at $15.44. Key metrics like RSI, MACD, and various moving averages are discussed, emphasizing their current neutral signals."], ["20260301", "Hilltop Holdings Inc. (NYSE:HTH) has received a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating from analysts, with an average 12-month price target of $37.50. The company recently reported better-than-expected EPS but missed revenue estimates, and subsequently raised its quarterly dividend to $0.20. Despite this, some insider selling by executives has occurred, though insiders still hold a significant portion of the stock."], ["20260301", "Dave (NASDAQ: DAVE) announced a proposed private offering of $150 million in Convertible Senior Notes due 2031, with an option for initial purchasers to buy an additional $22.5 million. The company plans to use the proceeds to fund capped call transactions, repurchase common stock, and for general corporate purposes. This strategic move aims to reduce potential dilution upon conversion of the notes and opportunistically create value for shareholders."], ["20260301", "Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. has promoted John Nahas to COO, completing an executive reshuffle that also includes CEO Laura Clark and a significant 50% cut in executive pay. This, combined with tighter expense guidance and a new share repurchase program, signals a stronger focus on operational discipline and capital efficiency. While the changes reinforce cost control, the near-term investment narrative still depends on market rent trends, leasing activity, and potential NOI reductions from redevelopment in the Southern California industrial market."], ["20260301", "The Schall Law Firm is investigating Telesat Corporation (NASDAQ: TSAT) on behalf of investors for alleged securities law violations. This investigation follows a lawsuit filed by bondholders on January 21, 2026, claiming Telesat is \"indisputably insolvent\" and attempted to transfer a key asset out of creditors' reach, which led to a 21% drop in Telesat's shares. Shareholders who suffered losses are encouraged to contact the firm."], ["20260301", "This article provides a comprehensive financial overview of Zumiez (ZUMZ), including its income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow, along with key financial ratios and health scores. For fiscal year 2025, Zumiez reported $889.2M in revenue, a net loss of -$1.7M, and an Altman Z-Score indicating moderate financial risk. The company's financial profile scores 34 out of 100, reflecting weak overall financial health according to StockTitan's scoring metrics."], ["20260301", "HASI, a sustainable infrastructure investor, has priced a $400 million offering of 6.000% green senior unsecured notes due 2036. The company intends to use the proceeds to temporarily repay borrowings, redeem existing notes, and invest in eligible green projects. This offering highlights continued investor interest in environmentally-focused investments and allows HASI to further its involvement in sustainable infrastructure assets."], ["20260301", "Marketwise Inc. (MKTW) provides premium financial research and tools for self-directed investors through its multi-brand digital subscription platform. News about MKTW often covers financial performance, capital allocation, corporate developments like stock repurchase programs, dividends, and leadership changes. The company has also been involved in notable events such as a reverse stock split and receiving an acquisition proposal."], ["20260301", "AudioEye (AEYE) will host a conference call on March 5, 2026, at 4:30 p.m. ET to discuss its Q4 and full-year 2025 financial results. The company, which specializes in digital accessibility solutions, will release results before the call. Investors can participate via dial-in numbers or a live webcast, with a replay available for 90 days."], ["20260301", "First US Bancshares, Inc. announced a quarterly dividend of $0.07 per share, payable on April 1, 2026, to shareholders of record as of March 13, 2026. This represents an annualized dividend of $0.28 per share and a dividend yield of 1.8%. The declaration highlights the company's commitment to returning capital to shareholders and maintaining a consistent payout as a community-focused financial institution."], ["20260301", "Biohaven recently secured US$600 million in non-dilutive funding from Oberland Capital and implemented a 60% reduction in R&D spending. This move aims to extend its cash runway and support clinical programs in neurology, immunology, and oncology, while limiting shareholder dilution. The funding reshapes Biohaven's investment narrative, reducing immediate financing pressure but also raising questions about the pace and breadth of future clinical trials."], ["20260301", "India is set to release its Q3 FY2026 GDP figures, with forecasts suggesting a robust 8.0-8.1% expansion, alongside a significant base year change for GDP calculation from 2011-12 to 2022-23. Investors are closely watching the Franklin FTSE India ETF. This ETF, heavily concentrated in financials and energy, is also anticipating rebalancing due to an imminent FTSE Russell index review."], ["20260301", "This page provides access to Citizen And Nrth (CZNC) SEC filings, including 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K forms, with AI-powered summaries of key documents. It highlights recent insider transactions, mostly related to dividend reinvestment purchases by directors, and includes basic stock data like market capitalization and current price. The platform continually updates its filings in sync with the EDGAR system."], ["20260301", "NextEra Energy (NYSE:NEE) has announced a $2 billion public offering of equity units to fund energy and power projects, repay commercial paper, and for general corporate purposes. This move aligns with the company's continuous capital raises for its extensive infrastructure buildout, especially in renewables and data center power. While providing necessary capital for growth, the offering also introduces potential future dilution and adds complexity to the company's capital structure."], ["20260301", "Global-E Online Ltd. (GLBE) reported strong Q4 2025 results, including $336.66 million in sales and $62.45 million in net income, alongside higher full-year 2026 revenue guidance of $1.21\u2013$1.27 billion. The company also completed a $72 million share repurchase program, signaling management's confidence in its financial health and growth prospects. Analysts anticipate significant revenue and earnings growth by 2028, with a projected fair value of $50.08, indicating a potential 43% upside."], ["20260301", "This article assesses Ellington Financial (EFC) after recent share price weakness, using two valuation approaches: Excess Returns Analysis and Price vs Earnings (P/E). The Excess Returns model suggests the stock is approximately 7.7% overvalued based on an intrinsic value of $11.54 per share against a recent price of $12.42. Conversely, the P/E analysis indicates the stock is mildly undervalued, with its current P/E of 13.0x sitting slightly below Simply Wall St's Fair Ratio of 13.8x."], ["20260301", "This article provides an in-depth analysis of the iShares Core MSCI International Developed Markets ETF (IDEV), covering its key statistics, investment strategy, holdings, and performance metrics. IDEV offers broad exposure to developed markets outside the US, with a focus on stocks and a significant allocation to the Finance sector and Europe region. The ETF consistently pays semi-annual dividends, with recent payments showing growth, and has seen notable increases in its AUM and overall performance."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis and stock price forecast for Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC), indicating an overall \"Strong Sell\" consensus based on various technical indicators. While its RSI suggests a neutral condition, the MACD provides a \"Sell\" signal. Key support and resistance levels are identified, and the stock is noted to be trading above its 200-day moving average."], ["20260301", "This page provides an overview of Defiance Gold Enhanced Options Income ETF (GLDY), including real-time price, financial data points like income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow, and various analytics. It focuses on insider and institutional trading activity, government-related data such as Congress trading and lobbying, and analyst ratings, though it notes that currently there is no recent insider trading data for GLDY. The platform also offers tools for backtesting strategies and a \"Smart Score\" based on synthesized data."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Calamos Convertible Equity Alternative Etf (NASDAQ: CVRT), highlighting a near-term neutral sentiment amidst mid and long-term strength. It identifies a mid-channel oscillation pattern and an exceptional 11.8:1 risk-reward short setup. The analysis provides AI-generated institutional trading strategies, including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "Hamilton Lane appointed Mika Tashiro as Head of Private Wealth Solutions in Japan, effective March 1, 2026, to expand access to its evergreen private markets strategies for individual investors. This move leverages Hamilton Lane's long-standing presence in Japan and Tashiro's over 20 years of experience to cater to the growing demand for sophisticated open-ended private markets solutions in the region. The firm's global evergreen platform currently comprises 11 funds with approximately $16 billion in assets under management and includes the 2025 launch of the Asia Private Assets Fund."], ["20260301", "HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. (HASI) is offering $400 million in 6.000% Green Senior Unsecured Notes due 2036. The notes will be paid semi-annually and mature on March 15, 2036, with an option for early redemption by HASI. The proceeds from this offering, alongside Green Junior Subordinated Notes, are intended to repay existing credit facilities and invest in Eligible Green Projects, aligning with the company's focus on sustainable infrastructure assets and carbon emission reduction."], ["20260301", "Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC has launched an investigation into potential claims against Vital Farms, Inc. (NASDAQ:VITL) following a significant stock drop. The investigation comes after an article by MarketBeat reported that Vital Farms' stock gapped down by 10.8% on February 26, 2026, due to weaker-than-expected quarterly earnings. The firm encourages Vital Farms investors to contact them for more information and to assist with the investigation."], ["20260301", "This page provides news and analysis for Custom Truck One Source Inc. (CTOS), a provider of specialized equipment and services for infrastructure-related markets. It covers financial results, corporate activities, operational developments, and product launches to keep investors informed. Recent news includes earnings announcements, conference presentations, and the acquisition of Custom Truck One Source by Nesco Holdings."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the algorithmic entry frameworks for Ishares Ibonds Dec 2033 Term Corporate Etf (NASDAQ: IBDY), observing a neutral sentiment across all time horizons. It outlines distinct institutional trading strategies, including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with detailed entry and exit points. The analysis highlights an exceptional 3.5:1 risk-reward short setup and provides multi-timeframe signal analysis for support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "Golar LNG is pivoting entirely to FLNG services, exiting LNG shipping after 50 years, and has secured a 20-year contract in Argentina. The company reported record operational and financial results, increasing its contracted backlog and cash flow visibility. Despite a positive market reaction, investors are advised to monitor contract execution, balance sheet strength, and dividend sustainability."], ["20260301", "Bicara Therapeutics (BCAX) is currently trading at US$16.78, with a Price-to-Book ratio of 2.6x, considered undervalued compared to its biotech peers and the broader US Biotechs industry. A Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) model by Simply Wall St estimates a fair value of $41.86, suggesting a significant discount for the clinical-stage oncology company. Despite its lack of revenue and a net loss of US$121.521 million, which presents risks, the valuation indicates potential upside for investors."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Yieldmax Dis Option Income Strategy Etf (DISO) using AI models, highlighting a neutral sentiment and a wait-and-see approach. It identifies an exceptional 27.7:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 7.8% gain versus 0.3% risk. The analysis provides specific institutional trading strategies for position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for Reliance Global Group Inc. (RELIW) SEC filings, including annual 10-K reports, quarterly 10-Q filings, 8-K material event reports, and insider trading forms. It details significant company activities such as equity financings, asset sales, acquisition plans, credit facility expansions, and digital asset initiatives. The platform also offers AI-powered summaries to highlight key information from these documents for investors and traders."], ["20260301", "Global Partners LP (GLP) reported strong Q4 2025 results with increased revenue, driven by its Wholesale segment and strategic acquisitions, including the Providence terminal and expansion into Houston bunkering. The company also announced its seventeenth consecutive quarterly distribution increase, highlighting a focus on cash distribution to unitholders. While the expanded terminal footprint and bunkering entry may impact the investment narrative, investors are advised to consider the long-term implications of fossil fuel reliance."], ["20260301", "This article provides the book value per share for Tyler Technologies, Inc. (LS:917099) on TradingView. It briefly mentions the company's financial data and general market information. The content is primarily a data placeholder within a financial platform's interface."], ["20260301", "The Schall Law Firm is investigating Gartner, Inc. (NYSE: IT) on behalf of investors for potential securities law violations. This action follows Gartner's Q4 2025 financial results, where the company's 2026 revenue and earnings forecasts fell short of analyst expectations, leading to a more than 20.8% stock drop. Shareholders who suffered losses are encouraged to contact the firm to discuss their rights."], ["20260301", "The Schall Law Firm has announced an investigation into Gartner, Inc. (NYSE: IT) on behalf of investors, following a significant drop in stock price. This investigation stems from Gartner's Q4 2025 financial results, where its 2026 revenue forecast and projected earnings fell short of analyst expectations. Shareholders who suffered losses are encouraged to contact the firm to discuss their rights."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Grizzle Growth Etf (NASDAQ: DARP), noting a near-term neutral sentiment amidst mid and long-term strength. It highlights an exceptional 18.6:1 risk-reward setup, targeting a 5.2% gain against a 0.3% risk, and provides three distinct AI-generated trading strategies for different risk profiles. The analysis includes multi-timeframe signal data and emphasizes positive prevailing sentiment."], ["20260301", "This page provides detailed information on the Cencora, Inc. 3.95% 13-FEB-2029 bond, identified by ISIN US03073EBC84, traded on the Stuttgart Stock Exchange. It includes key terms such as outstanding amount, face value, coupon rate, and maturity date, along with an overview of the issuer. The page also offers sections for price charts, analysis, and related bonds."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Themes Natural Monopoly Etf (NASDAQ: CZAR), highlighting a neutral sentiment across all time horizons and an exceptional 11.4:1 risk-reward setup. It outlines three institutional trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The analysis emphasizes a wait-and-see approach due to a mid-channel oscillation pattern and offers AI-generated real-time signals and multi-timeframe signal analysis for CZAR."], ["20260301", "NextEra Energy (NYSE:NEE) has announced a $2 billion public offering of equity units to fund energy and power projects, repay commercial paper, and for general corporate purposes. This capital raise, which blends debt coupons with future equity issuance, is intended to support the company's significant investments in renewables, nuclear, and data center power infrastructure. While providing funding for growth, the offering also introduces potential future dilution for shareholders and adds complexity to NextEra's capital structure."], ["20260301", "Big Tree Cloud Holdings Limited (NASDAQ: DSY) has implemented a 1-for-20 reverse stock split and adopted a dual-class share structure. This change consolidates 20 ordinary shares into one, while maintaining the authorized share capital at US$50,000, now divided into 20,000,000 Class A and 5,000,000 Class B ordinary shares. Management states this is a strategic move to support future growth, strengthen its market position, and provide stability for its long-term vision."], ["20260301", "Diamond Hill Investment Group (DHIL) reported its Q4 earnings, with net income reaching $9.3 million, or $3.41 per share. Adjusted earnings were $2.24 per share, and the company posted revenue of $36.6 million, surpassing Street forecasts. For the full year, profit was $48.8 million on revenue of $147.1 million."], ["20260301", "Digi Power X (DGXX), formerly a Bitcoin miner, is transitioning to AI infrastructure, with its first ARMS 200 modular data center expected to go live in Alabama by the third week of March 2026 and generate GPU-as-a-Service revenue starting April 2026. The company targets 10 MW operational capacity by Q3 2026, projecting approximately $150 million in annualized AI revenue. Digi Power X maintains a debt-free balance sheet and reported $80 million in liquidity as of February 27, 2026, to fund its approximately $33.1 million CapEx plan for 2026."], ["20260301", "Freeport McMoRan (NYSE:FCX) has secured an indefinite extension of mining rights at the Grasberg mine in Indonesia, maintaining substantial ownership through 2041 and committing to increased community investments. This agreement provides clarity for investors on the durability of production from one of the world's largest copper and gold deposits and will influence the company's long-term risk profile and potential cash flows. Investors should consider the secured access to a key asset, its impact on the company's high P/E ratio, and recent insider selling."], ["20260301", "EOG Resources reported strong fourth-quarter and full-year 2025 results, with quarterly revenue of US$5,638 million and full-year revenue of US$22,632 million. The company announced it returned all US$4.70 billion of its 2025 free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and US$2.50 billion in buybacks, reinforcing its focus on efficiency and cash generation. Investors should consider EOG's ability to maintain durable free cash flow amidst industry changes and its drilling inventory depth."], ["20260301", "This article provides a real-time analysis of Fleetcor Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ: CPAY), identifying weak near-term sentiment and a mid-channel oscillation pattern. It outlines three institutional trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels for different risk profiles. The analysis highlights a 30.9:1 risk-reward short setup targeting 9.0% downside, accompanied by multi-timeframe signal analysis and AI-generated support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "BlackRock's Global Infrastructure Partners and EQT AB are reportedly in advanced talks to acquire AES Corp (NYSE:AES), potentially marking one of the year's largest infrastructure deals in the power generation sector. This acquisition would highlight the growing importance of reliable power assets amidst rising demand from data centers and the energy transition. Investors will be closely watching for details on valuation, funding, and the future management of AES's assets."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Chimera Investment Corporation 9.000% Senior Notes Due 2029 (NASDAQ: CIMN), highlighting a neutral sentiment and a mid-channel oscillation pattern. It presents an exceptional 8.3:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 2.3% gain versus 0.3% risk. The article details three AI-generated trading strategies (Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging) tailored for different risk profiles, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "IQVIA has acquired five European drug discovery sites from Charles River Laboratories for $145 million, strengthening its position in AI-driven life sciences with expanded end-to-end drug discovery capabilities. This acquisition, coupled with IQVIA's proprietary data and AI infrastructure, is prompting market analysts to re-rate the company, with a consensus price target suggesting significant upside. The stock is currently trading at a low 13x earnings, leading some to view it as a \"screaming buy.\""], ["20260301", "This article provides performance data for the AllianzIM U.S. Equity 6-Month Buffer 10 Active ETF - March/September (SIXP). It details monthly, quarterly, and annual market returns, benchmark returns, and the difference between the two. The data covers periods up to March 2026, showing both positive and negative differences compared to its benchmark."], ["20260301", "Analysts are predicting a revenue decline for Fortive (NYSE:FTV) due to softer demand and slower organic growth, despite a steady share performance over the past three years. The company's reliance on portfolio adjustments and efficiency programs rather than strong volume growth is being scrutinized. Investors are looking to management for guidance on addressing revenue pressure and capital allocation given these new challenges."], ["20260301", "FIS (NYSE: FIS) announced its intention to offer Euro and U.S. dollar-denominated senior notes in multiple tranches. The financial technology company plans to use the net proceeds to repay short-term debt incurred for the acquisition of Global Payments\u2019 Issuer Solutions business and to repay outstanding borrowings under its existing commercial paper programs. The offerings will be made through applicable prospectus supplements."], ["20260301", "Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC is investigating potential securities claims against Tennant Company (NYSE:TNC) following a significant drop in its stock price. This decline occurred after the company reported sharp decreases in sales, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted earnings per share for its fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2025, attributed to disruptions from an ERP transition. The firm is encouraging investors who purchased Tennant securities and are aware of any relevant facts to contact them for more information and to assist in the investigation."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the tactical trading importance of Alger Concentrated Equity Etf (NASDAQ: CNEQ) based on AI-generated signals. It indicates a neutral sentiment in the near and mid-term, with a potential moderation of a long-term positive bias, noting elevated downside risk. The analysis provides specific institutional trading strategies including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis for support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "The SUI token's price has dropped over 12% this week to $0.8864, despite the launch of three spot SUI ETFs in February and a reported 179% quarter-over-quarter revenue increase for Sui Group. Analysts note the price has returned to a multi-month demand zone between $0.80 and $1.00, with resistance levels at $0.9420 and $0.9783. The market is waiting to see if renewed ETF and staking interest can rebuild momentum or if further downside is expected."], ["20260301", "Halozyme Therapeutics (HALO) has received multiple bullish rating updates from analysts following its strong Q4 earnings report. Morgan Stanley, Benchmark, and Wells Fargo all raised their price targets, citing robust growth drivers like royalty revenues, expanding ENHANZE partnerships, and stability from products like Vyvgart and Darzalex. The company is highlighted as a promising biopharmaceutical technology platform, despite a suggestion to consider certain AI stocks for greater upside."], ["20260301", "Columbus McKinnon director Aziz Aghili received deferred stock units on February 23, 2026, as detailed in a Form 4 SEC filing. These awards, some attributable to dividend reinvestment, will be delivered on specified future dates or upon his departure from the board. Following these transactions, Aghili directly holds 16,253 shares of common stock and several thousand deferred stock units."], ["20260301", "This article provides financial data for Eaton Vance Municipal Income 2028 Term Trust (NASDAQ: XETTX), specifically focusing on its total interest expense related to banks. It appears to be a financial data page from TradingView, offering an overview of the company's financial metrics. The article lists the period, value, and change in these expenses."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Ab High Yield Etf (NASDAQ: HYFI) with a neutral sentiment across all time horizons, suggesting a wait-and-see approach due to a mid-channel oscillation pattern. It highlights an exceptional 4.2:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 1.2% gain against 0.3% risk. The AI models propose three distinct trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored for different risk profiles and holding periods, with specific entry, target, and stop-loss zones."], ["20260301", "Graham Holdings (GHC) recently reported a significant drop in net income and earnings per share for Q4 and full-year 2025, despite slightly higher sales and US$10.1 million in impairment charges. Despite the weaker profitability, the company affirmed its quarterly dividend of US$1.88 per share, suggesting manageable near-term cash needs. This situation raises questions about the company's earnings quality and capital allocation, prompting investors to consider various viewpoints on its investment narrative."], ["20260301", "PC Connection Inc. (CNXN) recently filed its 10-K and reported earnings exceeding expectations, emphasizing its role in AI, IoT, cloud, and broader IT solutions. The company aims to evolve from a hardware-centric reseller to a high-value IT solutions partner, backed by a recent dividend increase. While revenue and earnings forecasts suggest a 25% upside to its current price, investors should consider the ongoing pressure on gross margins due to hardware commoditization and a modest services mix."], ["20260301", "This page provides GORO stock news, events, and price alerts, including recent headlines about Gold Resource's mining operations resuming and investigations into securities violations and M&A transactions. Notable events include Gold Resource entering a merger agreement with Goldgroup Mining and reporting significant Q4 production improvements with a strong year-end balance sheet. The company transitioned to a silver producer with record sales and expects continued leverage to the silver price in 2026."], ["20260301", "The article evaluates the SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average ETF (DIA) as a potential investment for comprehensive access to U.S. Large Cap Value equities. It highlights DIA's low expense ratio of 0.16%, its significant asset under management ($44.41 billion), and its moderate risk profile. The ETF tracks the Dow Jones Industrial Average and has shown a year-to-date return of 2.06% and a 14.84% gain over the past year, making it a \"Strong Buy\" according to Zacks ETF Rank."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed financial overview of Banc Of California Inc (BANC), including its income statement, balance sheet, cash flow, and key financial ratios up to fiscal year 2025. It highlights the company's revenue contraction of 3.8% in FY2025 but notes a significant increase in net income (80.5%) and free cash flow (265.0%). The financial health assessment indicates a neutral Piotroski F-Score and a \"cash-backed\" earnings quality."], ["20260301", "Golar LNG is undergoing a major business shift by fully exiting LNG shipping after 50 years to concentrate exclusively on FLNG (Floating Liquefied Natural Gas) services. This pivot is solidified by securing a 20-year FLNG contract in Argentina and the commencement of FLNG Gimi, contributing to record operational and financial results. The company aims for disciplined growth and shareholder returns, with a focus on executing existing projects and new contracts within its FLNG service platform."], ["20260301", "Resideo Technologies (REZI) saw its stock rise by 5.4% following its fourth-quarter 2025 results, which included full-year sales of US$7.47 billion and a net loss of US$527 million. The company issued a confident 2026 revenue guidance of US$7.80\u2013US$7.90 billion, driven by operational improvements, product innovation, and the planned ADI Global Distribution spin-off. This outlook suggests a potential shift in its investment narrative towards consistent profitability, though risks like competition and margin pressure remain."], ["20260301", "McGrath RentCorp (MGRC) recently reported stronger Q4 revenue, issued 2026 revenue guidance, increased its dividend for the 35th consecutive year, and announced a CEO transition. While 2025 net income declined, the company's focus on recurring rental income and shareholder returns remains evident through its dividend hike. Investors should weigh these positive developments against the risk of persistent low utilization in key segments and consider McGrath RentCorp's full narrative and fair value projections."], ["20260301", "Groupon's shares experienced a significant drop after several Wall Street analysts downgraded the company's rating due to concerns about its performance and future prospects. The stock opened at $12.65 and closed at $13.26, down over 6% from the previous close. This downturn highlights the ongoing challenges Groupon faces in a competitive e-commerce landscape, raising questions about its ability to achieve sustainable profitability."], ["20260301", "Calamos Global Dynamic Income Fund (CHW) has declared a monthly dividend of $0.0500 per share. The dividend will be payable on March 20, 2026, with an ex-date and record date set for March 13, 2026. The fund's investment objective is to provide a high level of current income and capital appreciation, primarily investing in a globally diversified portfolio of convertible instruments, stocks, and income-producing debt securities."], ["20260301", "Schr\u00f6dinger (SDGR) reported 2025 revenues of US$255.87 million and a net loss of US$103.27 million, alongside a shift to a hosted licensing model. Despite a significant share price decline, valuation models suggest the stock is undervalued, with a fair value of $43.20 (Simply Wall St narrative) and $52.92 (DCF model), compared to a recent close of $12.06. This undervaluation hinges on future clinical success and disciplined cash use, with a caveat that these forecasts rely on long-range projections while the company is still unprofitable."], ["20260301", "The Roundhill GOOGL WeeklyPay ETF (GOOW.US) is scheduled to go ex-dividend on February 23rd, 2026. Shareholders of record on this date will receive a cash dividend of 0.25681 USD per share on February 24th, 2026. The article also provides general information on cash and stock dividends and advises consulting a tax professional for specific tax situations."], ["20260301", "Cary Street Partners Financial LLC significantly reduced its stake in First Trust Enhanced Short Maturity ETF (FTSM), selling 15,131 shares and now owning 11,972 shares valued at $717,000. Other institutions also adjusted their holdings, with some increasing and others initiating new positions in the ETF. The article also notes FTSM's recent trading activity, moving averages, and a declared monthly dividend."], ["20260301", "Globus Medical's EVP and General Counsel, Kelly Huller, exercised stock options for 20,000 shares on February 25, 2026, which were acquired at $43.58 per share. On the same day, Huller sold all 20,000 Class A common shares at $94.50 per share under a pre-scheduled Rule 10b5-1 trading plan established in November 2025. This transaction resulted in no directly owned shares remaining for Huller after the sale."], ["20260301", "This article provides a comprehensive financial overview of Mistras (MG), including its income statement, balance sheet, cash flow statement, and key financial ratios. Based on FY2024 annual data, Mistras shows moderate financial health with a composite score of 41/100, characterized by low leverage but thin profitability and capital expenditure absorption impacting cash flow. The company reported significant increases in net income, EPS, and free cash flow for FY2024, alongside a strong Piotroski F-Score and cash-backed earnings quality."], ["20260301", "Raymond James has initiated coverage on Bob\u2019s Discount Furniture, Inc. with an \"Outperform\" rating and a target share price of $25. This optimistic outlook is based on the furniture retailer's market positioning, growth strategies, and financial performance."], ["20260301", "This article provides financial data specifically focusing on the long-term debt to total assets ratio of Bitcoin Infrastructure Acquisition Corp Ltd., trading under the ticker BIXI on the BOATS platform. It highlights that the market for BIXI is currently closed and presents a financial overview accessible through TradingView."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis of CytoMed Therapeutics Ltd (GDTC), indicating a \"Neutral\" overall consensus based on aggregated technical signals. While momentum indicators like RSI and MACD currently show a neutral state, various simple moving averages (5-Day, 10-Day, 20-Day, 60-Day, 200-Day, 250-Day) suggest a \"Buy\" signal given GDTC's current share price of $1.02. The report also highlights key support and resistance levels for future price movements."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed overview of the HAIL (State Street SPDR S&P Kensho Smart Mobility ETF) stock fund, including its price, chart, key financial statistics like AUM and expense ratio, and a description of its investment strategy. It also covers performance metrics, fund flows, and answers frequently asked questions about ETFs and HAIL specifically."], ["20260301", "Golden Heaven Group Holdings Ltd. (NASDAQ:GDHG) has finalized a securities purchase agreement for an $18 million private placement. This involves issuing 15 million Class A ordinary shares at $1.20 each, along with warrants for an additional 30 million shares. The proceeds will be used for new park construction, upgrades, marketing, and general corporate purposes, and the company also amended terms for previously issued warrants."], ["20260301", "Global-E Online (GLBE) reported strong Q4 2025 results, including $336.66 million in sales and $62.45 million in net income, and issued higher full-year 2026 revenue guidance of $1.21\u2013$1.27 billion. The company also completed a $72 million share repurchase program, signaling management's confidence. This combination of improved profitability, optimistic guidance, and a buyback reinforces Global-E Online's financial health and growth prospects, although risks like trade regulation and competition remain."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for Global Net Lease Inc. (GNL) SEC filings, including 10-K annual reports, 10-Q quarterly reports, and 8-K material event disclosures. It details recent insider trading activities, dividend declarations, and asset dispositions, helping investors track the company's financial health and strategic direction. The platform also offers tools to summarize extensive documents and highlight key changes."], ["20260301", "Genasys Inc (GNSS) reported a quarterly adjusted loss of 14 cents per share for the quarter ended June 30, which was higher than the previous year's loss of 15 cents but missed analyst expectations of a 10 cent loss. Revenue increased by 37.5% year-over-year to $9.86 million, exceeding analyst predictions. Despite the revenue growth, the company recorded a net loss of $6.49 million, and its stock has seen a significant decline this quarter and year-to-date."], ["20260301", "Michael C. Forman, a director and officer of FS Credit Opportunities Corp. (FSCO), reported an open-market purchase of 34,295 shares of common stock at $5.20 per share on February 25, 2026. This transaction, made by an IRA associated with him, increased his indirect holdings to 44,312 shares. A footnote clarifies a prior transfer of shares from MCFDA SCV LLC to The 2011 Forman Investment Trust in December 2024, with Forman disclaiming beneficial ownership of trust-held shares beyond his pecuniary interest."], ["20260301", "This article provides financial statement information for Foresight Autonomous Holdings Ltd Sponsored ADR (MUN:3011) on the Munich Stock Exchange. It includes an overview, key facts, and notes an absence of market capitalization, revenue, or net income data. The company has never paid dividends and has no current plans to do so."], ["20260301", "CrossAmerica Partners LP announced the filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The report is accessible on the Partnership's website and the SEC's website, and unitholders can request printed copies. CrossAmerica Partners is a major wholesale distributor of motor fuels and convenience store operator, distributing fuel to approximately 1,600 locations across 34 states."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for Us Bancorp (USB) SEC filings, including annual 10-K, quarterly 10-Q, material event 8-K forms, and insider trading information. It details how Stock Titan's AI-powered tools help investors navigate these regulatory documents, offering summaries and analysis for recent filings related to note offerings and insider transactions. The article covers various callable note issuances with different interest rates and maturity dates, as well as a recent insider stock sale by a Vice Chair."], ["20260301", "This article reviews the Q4 earnings of several HR software companies, highlighting Paycom (NYSE:PAYC), Asure Software (NASDAQ:ASUR), Paychex (NASDAQ:PAYX), and Paylocity (NASDAQ:PCTY). Paycom showed the slowest revenue growth and weakest full-year guidance but saw a stock increase. In contrast, Asure Software had the strongest revenue growth and highest guidance raise, leading to a significant stock jump."], ["20260301", "This article details a congressional trade made by Ro Khanna involving ERIE INDEMNITY COMPANY CL-A CMN CLASS A stock with a transaction sale amount between $1,001 and $15,000. The trade occurred on January 6, 2026, and was disclosed on February 6, 2026. Since the trade, the ERIE stock has seen a price change of -5.63%, while the SPY changed by -0.81%."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Calamos Cef Income & Arbitrage Etf (NASDAQ: CCEF), noting a neutral near and mid-term outlook with a potentially moderating long-term positive bias. It highlights an exceptional 6.4:1 risk-reward short setup and provides entry, target, and stop-loss levels for long, breakout, and short strategies based on AI-generated signals for institutional tactics. The analysis indicates current pricing and support/resistance levels across different time horizons."], ["20260301", "This article provides an in-depth analysis of Maplebear Inc. (CART) using AI models to identify trading risk zones. It outlines three distinct trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored to different risk profiles. The analysis highlights a 55.4:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 15.8% gain versus 0.3% risk, with strong near and mid-term sentiment."], ["20260301", "RH stock experienced an 11% drop, which seems to be driven by investor concerns regarding demand, potential tariff impacts, and the company's leveraged capital structure, rather than a single specific event. This decline is consistent with the stock's historical volatility and sensitivity to broader economic conditions and housing market trends. Despite the company's efforts to promote its new Spring Sourcebook, the market appears to be prioritizing near-term financial fundamentals."], ["20260301", "Central Garden & Pet Company (NASDAQ: CENT) is highlighted as a top pet stock favored by hedge funds. The company recently increased its stock repurchase program by an additional $100 million, appointed Kay M. Schwichtenberg to its Board of Directors, and reported Q1 2026 financial results with $617 million in net sales and expanded gross margin. The company operates in the garden and pet industries, with management believing its current market price is undervalued."], ["20260301", "Chimera Investment (NYSE: CIM) reported fourth-quarter EPS of $0.530, surpassing analyst estimates by $0.02, though revenue of $48.14M fell short of the $97.13M consensus. The company's stock price has shown a 2.240% increase over the last three months but a -11.570% decrease over the past year. InvestingPro rates Chimera Investment's financial health as \"fair performance.\""], ["20260301", "Cineverse (CNVS) is forecast for significant growth, with earnings and revenue expected to increase by 112.7% and 41.1% per annum respectively. The company anticipates becoming profitable within the next three years, outpacing the general market and savings rate. Despite positive growth projections, recent updates show some EPS estimate falls and stock price volatility."], ["20260301", "This article from Stock Traders Daily discusses AI-generated trading strategies for Tema Oncology Etf (NASDAQ: CANC), highlighting strong sentiment across all horizons. It outlines three distinct strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The analysis emphasizes risk-reward ratios and multi-timeframe signal analysis for various holding periods."], ["20260301", "Lennar director Jeffrey Sonnenfeld received a grant of 251 deferred stock units (DSUs) of Class A common stock, valued at $114.36 per share, in lieu of a quarterly cash retainer for his board service. These DSUs are fully vested immediately but will not convert into actual Class A shares until he resigns from the Board of Directors. Following this transaction, Sonnenfeld directly holds 25,182 Class A shares and 591 Class B shares."], ["20260301", "Shane Kapral, the Deputy CFO of TKO Group Holdings (TKO), sold 616 shares of Class A common stock at an average price of $221.91 per share. This transaction was carried out under a pre-arranged Rule 10b5-1 trading plan adopted in March 2025. Following the sale, Kapral directly holds 353 shares of TKO Group Holdings."], ["20260301", "LKQ Corporation reported mixed Q4 2025 results, with adjusted EPS of $0.59 missing expectations of $0.64, while revenue of $3.31 billion surpassed forecasts. The stock dropped 5.57% in pre-market trading following the announcement. The company provided a conservative outlook for 2026, projecting adjusted diluted EPS between $2.90 and $3.20, and anticipates $50+ million in annualized cost savings from a new restructuring plan."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes momentum shifts for Congress Large Cap Growth Etf (NASDAQ: CAML) using AI models. It identifies a neutral near and mid-term outlook with a long-term positive bias, noting elevated downside risk due to a lack of additional long-term support signals. The report provides specific institutional trading strategies for different risk profiles, including long, breakout, and short positions, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "This article examines Consolidated Edison (ED) as a Dividend Aristocrat and King, highlighting its consistent dividend increases and stable utility business model. It discusses the company's recent financial performance, growth prospects, competitive advantages, and valuation to determine its investment appeal for income-focused investors. Despite being slightly overvalued, the company offers an attractive dividend yield and stable returns."], ["20260301", "HCA Healthcare (HCA) stock is trading near its all-time high, driven by 19 consecutive quarters of volume growth and strong financial results, including a 12.1% adjusted EBITDA growth and 28.5% diluted adjusted EPS surge in 2025. The company's $400 million resiliency program and strategic capital plans position it to counter headwinds from the Affordable Care Act and maintain market share. Analysts maintain a \"Buy\" rating with a mean price target exceeding the current price, while TIKR's valuation model suggests a significant undervaluation and a potential 58.7% total return by 2030."], ["20260301", "This article provides an AI-generated analysis of Principal Real Estate Active Opportunities Etf (NASDAQ: BYRE), indicating a neutral near-term outlook despite strong mid-term sentiment that may be stalling. It highlights elevated downside risk due to a lack of long-term support signals and offers three distinct trading strategies (Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging) tailored to different risk profiles. The analysis includes multi-timeframe signal analysis with support and resistance levels for various horizons."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the price action of Brandes U.S. Value ETF (BUSA), highlighting a neutral sentiment in the near and mid-term, with elevated downside risk. It provides specific institutional trading strategies including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis. The piece emphasizes the importance of these signals for tactical trading decisions."], ["20260301", "This article provides a price-driven insight into Pacer Bluestar Engineering The Future Etf (NASDAQ: BULD) for a rule-based strategy. It identifies neutral near and mid-term readings, a potential moderation of the long-term positive bias, and a mid-channel oscillation pattern. The analysis details an exceptional 23.4:1 risk-reward setup, targeting a 6.4% gain versus a 0.3% risk."], ["20260301", "This article from Stock Traders Daily analyzes Wisdomtree Bitcoin Fund (NASDAQ: BTCW) using AI-generated signals. It identifies a neutral sentiment in the near term with potential to moderate mid-term weakness and elevated downside risk due to a lack of long-term support signals. The analysis provides three distinct institutional trading strategies: a Long Position, a Momentum Breakout, and a Risk Hedging SHORT, alongside multi-timeframe signal analysis for support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP announced a class action lawsuit against Enphase Energy, Inc. (ENPH) for alleged violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The lawsuit, open to investors who purchased securities between April 22, 2025, and October 28, 2025, claims the company made misleading statements regarding channel inventory management and the impact of the 25D Credit termination. Investors who suffered substantial losses have until April 20, 2026, to seek appointment as lead plaintiff."], ["20260301", "Black Rock Coffee Bar (BRCB) reported strong Q4 and full-year 2025 results with significant revenue growth, reaching over $200M in annual sales. Despite this, the company's full-year net loss widened to $16.5M. BRCB plans to open 36 new stores in 2026 and provided optimistic guidance for revenue and Adjusted EBITDA."], ["20260301", "International Flavors & Fragrances (IFF) is set to report its Q4 earnings this Wednesday after market close. Analysts anticipate a 9.2% year-on-year revenue decline to $2.52 billion and adjusted earnings of $0.83 per share. The company has a history of exceeding revenue estimates, and investor sentiment in the ingredients, flavors & fragrances segment has been positive, with IFF's stock up 9% in the last month."], ["20260301", "This article provides an AI-driven analysis of Brandes U.s. Small-mid Cap Value Etf (NASDAQ: BSMC). It identifies neutral near and mid-term readings, a potential long-term positive bias moderation, and elevated downside risk. The analysis includes institutional trading strategies, multi-timeframe signal analysis, and real-time AI-generated signals for potential entry and exit points."], ["20260301", "HCI Group (HCI) saw its stock rise 13.0% following record fourth-quarter and full-year 2025 results, with substantial increases in revenue and net income. The company also announced the successful IPO of its Exzeo technology platform and a new US$80 million share repurchase program, signaling a shift in capital allocation and business mix. Despite strong performance and a projected 39% upside to its fair value, the company's concentration in Florida poses a significant ongoing risk due to potential storm activity."], ["20260301", "BlackRock, Inc. notified Caledonia Mining on February 11, 2026, that its stake in the company had crossed a relevant disclosure threshold on February 10, 2026. BlackRock's total position now stands at 6.88% (1,329,520 voting rights), a decrease from its prior notified total of 7.14%. The market reacted positively to this news, with Caledonia Mining's stock (CMCL) gaining 8.30% on the day this information was published."], ["20260301", "The article analyzes Invesco Bulletshares 2032 High Yield Corporate Bond Etf (NASDAQ: BSJW), noting a neutral sentiment across all horizons and suggesting a wait-and-see approach. It highlights a 4.3:1 risk-reward setup, targeting a 1.2% gain against 0.3% risk if support holds. The analysis provides three distinct trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored for different risk profiles."], ["20260301", "ServisFirst Bancshares (SFBS) presented at the \"2026 Banking Outlook Conference,\" emphasizing its strong capital, organic loan and deposit growth, and management of interest rate and regulatory risks. This reinforces the bank's investment narrative centered on organic growth, with core loan and deposit momentum as the main catalyst while managing risks like funding costs and credit quality. Despite varied fair value estimates from the community, the company projects significant revenue and earnings growth by 2028, suggesting a potential 16% upside to its current price."], ["20260301", "This article lists several healthcare stocks that experienced significant movement during Tuesday's intraday trading session. It details the top gainers, including Edesa Biotech and NeuroOne Medical Tech, along with their respective percentage increases and market caps. The article also highlights the biggest losers, such as Iterum Therapeutics and SCWorx, noting their declines and market valuations."], ["20260301", "This article provides an analysis of the GLDI ETF, ETRACS Gold Shares Covered Call ETNs. It details key statistics such as its AUM, dividend yield, and expense ratio, and explains its strategy of using covered calls to generate income alongside a hypothetical GLD position. The analysis also covers dividend payout history, fund flows, and performance metrics for the GLDI ETF."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive overview of Ginkgo Bioworks Holdings Inc. (DNA) SEC filings, including 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K forms, designed for investors and traders. It details recent filings such as 8-Ks covering financial results, stock offerings, and corporate governance. The platform also offers AI-powered summaries to help users quickly understand key points from these regulatory documents."], ["20260301", "Herc Holdings has completed its largest acquisition to date, expanding its equipment rental footprint. The company is now focusing on integrating the acquired operations, systems, and teams, prioritizing cost synergies, higher used equipment sales, and branch network changes. Investors should monitor integration effectiveness, demand patterns in new markets, and the impact on financial flexibility given current interest payment coverage."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for Prothena (PRTA) SEC filings, including 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K forms, along with AI-powered summaries. Investors can access detailed regulatory disclosures and AI-generated highlights to understand the company's financial condition, capital structure, and operational events. Recent filings cover quarterly financial results, collaboration developments, and insider trading activities, such as the Chief Scientific Officer's share acquisition."], ["20260301", "Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc. (CEPO) has announced further progress in its business combination with BSTR Holdings, Inc. and related parties. BSTR Holdings confidentially submitted an amended Form S-4 registration statement to the SEC on February 13, 2026, for the deal initially agreed upon in July 2025. This transaction is deeply linked to Bitcoin pricing, with contributions valued using a 10-day CME CF Bitcoin Reference Rate average, exposing future shareholders to Bitcoin's opportunities and volatility."], ["20260301", "This page provides the latest news and market updates for SunCar Technology Group Inc. (SDA), a China-focused technology company specializing in AI and cloud-based platforms for auto eInsurance and auto services. It covers partnerships with EV brands and financial institutions, operational results, and financial announcements."], ["20260301", "First Hawaiian, Inc. (FHB) is reportedly redefining its core strategy through segment realignment and significant capital returns. The bank's 2025 10-K filing detailed a shift to Retail Banking and Commercial Banking segments, accompanied by substantial dividends and share repurchases. This move signals management's effort to reposition the bank's business mix and return excess capital to shareholders, alongside an internal leadership transition."], ["20260301", "Northrop Grumman (NOC) has shown strong stock performance, with shares increasing 27.7% over the last three months and 57.5% over the past 52 weeks, outperforming the State Street Industrial Select Sector SPDR ETF. The company reported robust Q4 2025 financial results, exceeding analyst expectations with 9.6% year-over-year net sales growth and a 13.1% rise in adjusted earnings per share. Analysts maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" rating with a price target suggesting further upside."], ["20260301", "Analysts have provided insights on two financial companies: Figure Technology Solutions, Inc. Class A (FIGR) and Progressive (PGR). Needham reiterated a Buy rating for Figure Technology, while Morgan Stanley maintained a Sell rating for Progressive. The report includes price targets and analyst success rates for both companies."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis of Invesco Bulletshares 2031 High Yield Corporate Bond Etf (NASDAQ: BSJV), noting a neutral sentiment across all time horizons and an in-play mid-channel oscillation pattern. It outlines three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The analysis highlights an exceptional 4.6:1 risk-reward setup, targeting a 1.4% gain versus 0.3% risk."], ["20260301", "Bank of America Global Research has initiated research coverage on Eikon Therapeutics (EIKN) with a \"Buy\" rating and a target share price of $34. This move signals Wall Street's recognition of the biotechnology company's innovative drug development technology and R&D pipeline. Analysts believe Eikon Therapeutics' unique platform technology provides a strong foundation for long-term value growth."], ["20260301", "This page provides investors and traders with the latest news and insights on Atour Lifestyle Holdings (ATAT), a hospitality and lifestyle company in China. The company's news flow includes quarterly financial results, dividend declarations, capital return plans, and corporate governance updates, such as board member changes and SEC filings. Recent news highlights financial results from 2022 and 2023, management changes, and the pricing of its initial public offering in November 2022."], ["20260301", "Comfort Systems USA (NYSE:FIX) reported record quarterly earnings, more than doubling its net income year over year and increasing its dividend. The company's expansion into data centers and manufacturing, supported by recent acquisitions and a growing project backlog, signals confidence in its cash generation. While trading below analyst targets and estimated fair value, investors should monitor its ability to convert backlog into revenue, maintain integration discipline, and consider recent insider selling."], ["20260301", "Enova International (ENVA) has experienced a recent share price pullback, declining 13% over the past month, though it shows strong multiyear gains. Analysts suggest a fair value of US$193.71, indicating it is 28.2% undervalued due to strong demand for its digital lending services. However, a Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) model estimates its value at US$83.91, suggesting the stock is overvalued, presenting mixed signals for investors."], ["20260301", "Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC has initiated an investigation into potential corporate wrongdoing by SelectQuote, Inc. (SLQT). The firm is encouraging investors who purchased SelectQuote securities prior to September 9, 2020, and continue to hold them, to contact them for more information and to assist in the investigation. The investigation focuses on whether SelectQuote and its officers/directors engaged in unlawful activities."], ["20260301", "This article provides a comprehensive financial overview of Absci Corp (ABSI), detailing its income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow for both annual and quarterly periods ending September 30, 2025. It highlights key financial metrics such as declining revenue, negative profitability, strong liquidity but weak cash flow, and offers an overall financial health score. The analysis includes various ratios and answers frequently asked questions regarding the company's financial performance and position."], ["20260301", "AAON (AAON) is gaining investor attention as it prepares to release its Q4 and full-year 2025 earnings on March 2nd, driven by recent facility expansions and a larger credit facility, targeting the data center market. Despite a nearly 3% undervaluation according to Simply Wall St's fair value estimate of $115.25 and analyst targets 14% higher, the stock trades at a high P/E ratio of 82.3x, suggesting potential valuation risk if expectations are not met. The company's expansion plans, particularly in BasX capacity, are expected to boost profitability by 2026, though ERP setbacks and data center cooling tech shifts remain potential risks."], ["20260301", "Fabrinet is expanding its involvement in AI data center development by providing high-speed optical networking hardware for projects with Nvidia and Amazon. This strategic positioning underscores Fabrinet's critical role in the AI infrastructure supply chain, focusing on advanced optical packaging and precision manufacturing. While offering significant growth opportunities tied to AI spending, investors should also consider risks like customer concentration and recent insider selling."], ["20260301", "ExlService Holdings reported strong Q4 and full-year 2025 results, with increased sales and earnings, along with new 2026 revenue guidance and a significant share repurchase authorization. The company is actively focusing on data and AI-led services, including a new initiative with Sonos and Amazon Web Services, making AI a major growth driver. This strategy aims to offset potential long-term pressures on traditional outsourcing, and the buyback program is expected to support per-share metrics, despite potential challenges from wage inflation and compliance costs."], ["20260301", "This article provides detailed information about the Cambria Global Asset Allocation ETF (GAA), including its price, chart performance, key statistics like AUM and expense ratio, and investment strategy. It covers the fund's approach to investing across various asset types such as stocks, bonds, real estate, commodities, and currencies, using a fund-of-funds model. The document also includes technical analysis, seasonal trends, and a comprehensive FAQ section addressing common questions about ETFs and GAA specifically."], ["20260301", "This article provides an AI-generated analysis of Invesco Bulletshares 2033 Municipal Bond Etf (NASDAQ: BSSX), identifying a neutral sentiment and an exceptional short setup. It outlines three distinct trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels based on multi-timeframe signal analysis. The analysis suggests a wait-and-see approach, highlighting a significant risk-reward opportunity for a short position."], ["20260301", "Blackrock Resources & Commodities Strategy Trust has declared a monthly dividend of $0.0697 per share, which will be payable on April 30, 2026. The ex-date and record date for this dividend are both April 15, 2026. The Trust focuses on high current income and gains, investing primarily in equity securities of commodity or natural resources companies."], ["20260301", "First Financial Bancorp (FFBC) recently exceeded analyst expectations for revenue, tangible book value per share, and earnings per share, with revenue increasing 12.1% year-on-year. This performance suggests an improvement in profitability compared to its historical modest growth. Despite ongoing concerns about commercial real estate exposure, the reaffirmed quarterly dividend indicates management's confidence in the bank's balance sheet and operational initiatives."], ["20260301", "This Simply Wall St analysis provides a detailed overview of First American Financial (FAF), an insurance company with a market cap of US$7.2 billion. The report covers its valuation, future growth, past performance, financial health, and dividends, highlighting its solid financial position and reliable dividend. Key takeaways include strategic technology investments, diverse revenue streams, and a forecast of 5.05% earnings growth per year."], ["20260301", "This article provides recent news and updates for Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS), including its stock performance metrics and various institutional investor activities such as stake changes. Key news highlights include forecasts for Skyworks' 6G power amplifier demonstration and its average \"Hold\" rating from analysts."], ["20260301", "Extreme Networks (EXTR) has experienced recent share price weakness, with declines over the past month, three months, year-to-date, and three years, despite a 71.3% five-year total return. The article highlights that Extreme Networks is considered undervalued, with a fair value estimate significantly higher than its current trading price, driven by its AI-powered platform and recurring software revenue growth potential. However, pressure points like government contract exposure and competition are noted."], ["20260301", "The article presents several trade ideas for TeraWulf Inc. (ZT8, WULF) from various traders on TradingView. Analysis includes predictions of price corrections, support levels, potential for bullish divergence, and long-term price targets, with one trader even offering a satirical, highly optimistic forecast. The ideas range from short-term plays to long-term investment strategies based on technical analysis."], ["20260301", "The article analyzes Invesco Bulletshares 2033 Corporate Bond Etf (BSCX), indicating a neutral sentiment with a mid-channel oscillation pattern. It highlights an exceptional 7.0:1 risk-reward short setup and provides institutional trading strategies for various risk profiles, including long, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, based on AI-generated signals and multi-timeframe analysis."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes momentum shifts for Blackrock High Yield Etf (NASDAQ: BRHY), noting a neutral sentiment across all time horizons that suggests sideways action. It highlights a 3.9:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 1.1% gain versus 0.3% risk, and provides three distinct AI-generated trading strategies including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The analysis also identifies key support and resistance levels for near-term, mid-term, and long-term horizons."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.a. (NASDAQ: BBVA), highlighting divergent sentiment across different time horizons, suggesting choppy market conditions. It outlines various AI-generated trading strategies including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, tailored for different risk profiles. The analysis also provides key support and resistance levels for near-term, mid-term, and long-term"], ["20260301", "PulteGroup's Q4 earnings analysis reveals caution due to declining backlog, a dip in EPS, and falling Return on Invested Capital (ROIC). While the stock trades at a reasonable forward P/E of 13.3x, its shaky fundamentals are seen as presenting too much downside risk. The article suggests focusing on more promising investment opportunities."], ["20260301", "This page provides news and analysis for Oneok Inc. (OKE), an S&P 500 midstream energy operator. It aggregates company updates including earnings reports, dividend declarations, and project-related news, offering insights into its natural gas, NGLs, refined products, and crude oil operations. The page also features recent news summaries from July 2020, covering quarterly results and conference participations."], ["20260301", "Ecolab Inc., a large-cap stock with an $86.9 billion market capitalization, shows positive technical indicators with its stock trading above key moving averages after reaching a 52-week high in late February. The company's fourth-quarter financial results exceeded expectations, with a 4.8% revenue increase and nearly 15% adjusted EPS growth. Despite trailing a major basic materials ETF and a key competitor in stock performance, analysts maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" rating with a potential premium to recent trading levels."], ["20260301", "This article provides an AI-driven analysis of Blackrock Future Financial And Technology Etf (NASDAQ: BPAY), highlighting divergent sentiment across different time horizons and elevated downside risk. It offers three distinct trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014along with multi-timeframe signal analysis indicating support and resistance levels. The analysis emphasizes the absence of clear price positioning signals despite strong long-term resistance."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for investors to access Capital One Financial (COF) SEC filings, including 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K forms, and insider trading documents. It highlights how these regulatory documents detail Capital One's operations, financial statements, and credit performance, with AI-driven summaries to help interpret complex information. Recent filings include insider stock sales, officer disclosures, and monthly charge-off metrics."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for news and analysis related to Booking Holdings (BKNG) stock, encompassing updates from its brands like Booking.com, KAYAK, Agoda, and OpenTable. It features past announcements, including earnings releases, conference presentations, and marketing campaigns, offering insights into the company's financial performance, operational developments, and market strategies. The feed highlights how Booking Holdings' subsidiaries are referenced in travel and hospitality partnerships, integrate technology, and publish travel insights."], ["20260301", "AvalonBay Communities (AVB) has announced higher occupancy, improved effective rent change, and a new US$1.0 billion stock buyback program, leading to questions about its current valuation. Despite these positive updates, the share price has seen a recent decline in the past year, though longer-term returns remain positive. Simply Wall St's analysis suggests the stock is currently 10.5% undervalued at $177.23 against a fair value of $198.08, based on expectations of 5.5% annual revenue growth over three years, tempered by projected profit margin shrinkage."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Bowhead Specialty Holdings Inc. (NYSE: BOW) using AI models to identify institutional trading signals. It highlights a potential shift in near-term sentiment, a mid-channel oscillation pattern, and an exceptional risk-reward short setup. The report also details three distinct trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored to different risk profiles and holding periods, alongside a multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "Analysts have issued mixed ratings for several consumer cyclical stocks, including Thor Industries (THO), SIG Group AG (SCBGF), and Stellantis (STLA). While Thor Industries received a \"Hold\" rating from Citi with a $116 price target, the consensus for the stock is a \"Moderate Buy\". SIG Group AG also holds a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus despite a \"Hold\" rating from Kepler Capital, and Stellantis maintains a \"Buy\" rating from Kepler Capital with a consensus \"Moderate Buy\" and a 25.3% upside."], ["20260301", "Belite Bio reported a $77.6 million GAAP net loss for 2025 but announced positive Phase 3 DRAGON trial results for tinlarebant, showing a 35.7% reduction in macular lesion growth in Stargardt disease patients. The company plans to submit a New Drug Application (NDA) to the FDA in Q2 2026 and completed a $402 million public offering, boosting its cash and investment position to over $770 million. Despite the clinical success and strong financial backing, the stock saw a negative market reaction, declining 6.68% on the news due to concerns over rising operating costs and the long timeline to commercialization."], ["20260301", "Ingram Micro Holding Corp (NYSE: INGM) saw its shares rise significantly after reporting better-than-expected quarterly adjusted EPS. The company's earnings beat analyst consensus, although sales slightly missed estimates. Several other companies, including Ziff Davis, Kontoor Brands, and Lendingtree, also experienced notable stock gains due to strong earnings reports, strategic sales, or new CEO appointments."], ["20260301", "Charles Schwab Corporation's CFO, Michael D. Verdeschi, was granted 62,134 nonqualified stock options on March 2, 2026, under the company's 2022 Stock Incentive Plan. These options were issued at no cost as part of his compensation and will vest in four equal annual installments, starting one year from the grant date. This transaction is considered a compensation-related equity grant rather than a market purchase or sale of shares."], ["20260301", "PG&E Corporation's utility subsidiary, Pacific Gas and Electric Company, issued new first mortgage bonds totaling $2.2 billion across three series with maturities in 2029, 2036, and 2056. This long-term debt financing, completed on February 20, 2026, includes an add-on to an existing 2029 series, bringing its total outstanding to $1.25 billion. The staggered maturities are intended to manage the company's long-term interest expense profile."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Birkenstock Holding Plc (NASDAQ: BIRK) using AI models to provide trading strategies. It identifies a mid-channel oscillation pattern and an exceptional 41.5:1 risk-reward setup, targeting a 12.3% gain with minimal risk. The report offers institutional trading strategies for different risk profiles, including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "Cognizant Technology Solutions director Abraham Schot received an automatic grant of 14.6635 restricted stock units (RSUs) on February 26, 2026, through dividend equivalent rights on existing RSUs. These RSUs, which represent a contingent right to one share of Class A common stock, will vest fully on June 3, 2026. Following this transaction, Schot directly holds a total of 2,901.6140 RSUs."], ["20260301", "This article provides a liquidity mapping analysis for Brandes International Etf (BINV), noting neutral near and mid-term readings but a moderating long-term positive bias with elevated downside risk. It outlines three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014with specific entry, target, and stop-loss zones. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal data and access to real-time signals for subscribers."], ["20260301", "Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) saw a significant surge in 2025 sales and anticipates hitting $100 billion in 2026, driven by a strategic pivot towards high-growth oncology and immunology segments and the exploration of a $20+ billion sale of DePuy Synthes. Despite strong growth in key products like TREMFYA and CARVYKTI, and institutional confidence through co-funding agreements, Wall Street's mean price target suggests a potential near-term downside, although TIKR's valuation model projects substantial long-term returns. The stock's future hinges on successful product launches like ICOTYDE and management of ongoing talc litigation."], ["20260301", "The article provides a detailed stock analysis for Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Etf (NASDAQ: BGIG), highlighting neutral near and mid-term readings but a strong long-term positive bias. It includes AI-generated technical signals, support, and resistance levels, and outlines three distinct institutional trading strategies: Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging, each with specific entry zones, targets, and stop losses. The analysis suggests a breakout is underway, with elevated downside risk if not sustained."], ["20260301", "CenterPoint Energy (CNP) recently completed a $600 million convertible bond offering and announced leadership changes, prompting a re-evaluation of its stock. Despite a strong share price performance and being near analyst targets, Simply Wall St's analysis suggests CNP is currently fairly valued at $43.44, almost exactly matching its last close price. The valuation is based on consistent revenue growth and rising profitability, though potential risks like higher interest costs and regulatory delays are noted."], ["20260301", "Southwest Airlines saw its stock drop 5.4% after announcing major overhauls, including assigned seating and new fare tiers, following a strong operating income report. The company aims for product differentiation to boost revenue, but investors are weighing the risk of customer acceptance and competitive pressures. Analysts have revised earnings expectations as the market assesses whether these changes will sustainably improve Southwest's profitability."], ["20260301", "International Paper (NYSE:IP) is undergoing a significant portfolio reshape, including the permanent closure of its Georgetown, South Carolina container plant and a planned split into two independent, regionally focused businesses for North America and EMEA. These strategic moves, aimed at optimizing assets and reducing costs, follow various cost-cutting efforts and divestitures. Investors will need to closely monitor the execution of this restructuring, as short-term disruptions and execution challenges could impact expected benefits despite the long-term goal of a leaner, more efficient operation."], ["20260301", "Pomerantz LLP has initiated a securities fraud investigation into EPAM Systems (NYSE:EPAM) due to a disclosed ramp down in business from its largest NEORIS customer and the subsequent revenue impact. This probe adds a legal and reputational challenge for EPAM, which is already grappling with the commercial fallout from the client reduction. The investigation raises questions about the company's disclosure practices, investor confidence in its governance, and its ability to manage client concentration risks despite recent share buybacks and AI-focused growth initiatives."], ["20260301", "Federal investigators have found Dow at fault for a 2023 chemical release at its Louisiana plant, involving nearly 16 tons of ethylene oxide. This incident raises significant questions about Dow's operational safety and regulatory oversight, potentially leading to increased compliance costs, fines, or operational restrictions. Investors will need to monitor Dow's response and any impact on its financial position and future growth, especially given its current valuation."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Proshares Bitcoin & Ether Equal Weight Strategy Etf (NASDAQ: BETE), highlighting a positive near-term sentiment while noting a weak mid-term bias within a long-term strength context. It provides AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014with specific entry, target, and stop-loss zones. The analysis emphasizes elevated downside risk due to the absence of additional long-term support signals."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Brookfield Brp Holdings (canada) Inc. 7.250% Perpetual Subordinated Notes (NASDAQ: BEPJ), highlighting neutral near and mid-term readings that could moderate its long-term positive bias. It details an exceptional 12.9:1 risk-reward setup, targeting a 3.7% gain against 0.3% risk. The analysis also provides AI-generated institutional trading strategies for position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "This article examines C.H. Robinson Worldwide (CHRW), a major US logistics and freight brokerage firm, discussing its role in global supply chains and its appeal to investors. It covers the company's business model, key market themes like the freight recession and automation, and analyst sentiments regarding its strengths and weaknesses. The analysis helps investors understand if CHRW is a stable, long-term investment opportunity amidst evolving market conditions."], ["20260301", "This article provides an AI-driven analysis for the Trust Bancreek U.S. Large Cap Etf (NASDAQ: BCUS), detailing neutral near and mid-term readings but a strong long-term positive bias. It outlines institutional trading strategies including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, alongside multi-timeframe signal analysis and risk-reward setups. The analysis targets a 2.4% gain versus 0.3% risk, emphasizing trading based on movement rather than narrative."], ["20260301", "The article provides an analysis of the BondBloxx BBB Rated 1-5 Year Corporate Bond ETF (NASDAQ: BBBS), indicating a neutral sentiment across all time horizons. It outlines specific trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014with defined entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The analysis highlights that support for BBBS is being tested, and if it holds, resistance will be the next key level, with a tight stop-loss recommended to preserve capital."], ["20260301", "The article provides a technical analysis of Brookstone Yield ETF (NASDAQ: BAMY), indicating neutral near and mid-term readings but a positive long-term bias. It outlines institutional trading strategies including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis to guide traders on potential entry points, targets, and stop losses. The analysis highlights an ongoing breakdown with elevated downside risk."], ["20260301", "The article discusses how the Brookstone Value Stock Etf (BAMV) impacts rotational strategy timing, identifying a neutral sentiment across all time horizons. It highlights an 8.2:1 risk-reward short setup and outlines specific position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging trading strategies based on AI models. The analysis provides key findings and signals for financial professionals, indicating a wait-and-see approach."], ["20260301", "This article from Stock Traders Daily discusses the volatility of Brookstone Dividend Stock Etf (NASDAQ: BAMD) and presents AI-generated trading strategies. It highlights a neutral sentiment across all time horizons, suggesting a wait-and-see approach, and outlines specific position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging strategies for investors with different risk profiles. The analysis points to elevated downside risk due to a lack of additional long-term support signals."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the price dynamics and execution-aware positioning for Blackrock Advantage Large Cap Income Etf (NASDAQ: BALI). It identifies a neutral near and mid-term outlook that could moderate a long-term positive bias, noting a mid-channel oscillation pattern. The analysis highlights an exceptional risk-reward short setup and provides three distinct AI-generated trading strategies with sophisticated risk management parameters: Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging."], ["20260301", "This article provides an analysis of Avantis All International Markets Value Etf (NASDAQ: AVNV) using AI models to identify technical signals and institutional trading strategies. It highlights a neutral near-term sentiment with underlying mid and long-term strength, pointing out elevated downside risk due to a lack of additional long-term support signals. The report details specific position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging strategies, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis, including support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "This article provides a price-driven insight for Avantis U.S. Large Cap Equity ETF (AVLC), indicating a neutral sentiment in the near and mid-term, with a strong long-term positive bias. It highlights an exceptional risk-reward short setup and outlines specific institutional trading strategies, including a position trading strategy, momentum breakout strategy, and risk hedging strategy, based on AI-generated signals and multi-timeframe analysis."], ["20260301", "STAG Industrial, a small-cap realty player, has undergone a valuation adjustment, with a P/E ratio of 33, a price-to-book value of 2.15, and a strong dividend yield of 152.47%. Despite these figures, its one-year return of 8.13% trails the S&P 500's 12.95%, reflecting a mixed performance within a competitive realty sector. The company's metrics are compared to peers, revealing varied attractiveness in valuations."], ["20260301", "This article provides an earnings analysis and prediction for RAND, detailing upcoming earnings dates, revenue and EPS estimates, and historical stock price reactions around earning reports. It highlights that RAND's stock typically sees an 8.57% change 10 days before earnings and a 1.94% change 10 days after, with a -2.3% movement on earnings day. The article also touches upon the correlation between stock price and forecast revisions, noting that downward revenue revisions might present buying opportunities."], ["20260301", "This article reviews the Q4 earnings for business process outsourcing and consulting stocks, highlighting top performers like Exponent (EXPO) and FTI Consulting (FCN). It notes that while the sector benefits from digital transformation and demand for cost efficiencies, challenges include potential AI headwinds lowering entry barriers and wage inflation. Overall, the Q4 performance was mixed for the 9 tracked stocks, with revenues generally beating estimates, leading to a modest average share price increase."], ["20260301", "Global Partners LP (GLP) recently reported higher quarterly revenue but lower annual earnings for 2025, alongside its seventeenth consecutive quarterly distribution increase. The company's strategy focuses on expanding its terminal footprint, logistics, and entering the Houston bunkering market, which aims to support its distribution capacity. Investors should consider the long-term fossil fuel demand risk against the company's consistent dividend growth and its projected revenue and earnings growth by 2028."], ["20260301", "This page from TradingView provides financial information for BlackRock Multi-Sector Income Trust (NYSE: BIT), specifically focusing on its EBITDA per share. It presents the stock's overview, financials, news, and community discussions. The data is sourced from ICE Data Services, FactSet, and Quartr for SEC filings."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes momentum shifts for Brookstone Active Etf (NASDAQ: BAMA), indicating a neutral near and mid-term outlook but a strong long-term positive bias. It presents three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The analysis also highlights an exceptional 8.0:1 risk-reward setup, targeting a 2.3% gain."], ["20260301", "This article provides comprehensive data on the Fidelity MSCI Utilities Index ETF (FUTY), including its current stock price, holdings, dividend yield, and financial statistics. It details the ETF's top holdings as of its latest N-PORT filing, performance metrics, and key fundamental data. The report also highlights its portfolio turnover rate and asset allocation."], ["20260301", "This article provides an analysis of L.B. Foster Company's leadership and management team, including details about CEO John Kasel's compensation, tenure, and ownership. It also lists the average tenure for both the management team and the board of directors. The report includes recent management updates, company news, and financial data spanning several years, detailing compensation, earnings, and stock performance."], ["20260301", "M-tron Industries, a microcap company in the Electronics & Appliances sector, has reached a new 52-week high of USD 68.03 as of February 23, 2026. This represents an 83.59% appreciation over the past year, significantly outperforming the S&P 500. The company has a market capitalization of USD 193 million, a P/E ratio of 21.00, and a strong return on equity of 19.35%."], ["20260301", "This article provides a revenue breakdown and detailed financial information for two ETFs: FAZ (Direxion Daily Financial Bear 3x Shares) and IGOV (iShares International Treasury Bond ETF). It lists their performance metrics, asset under management, expense ratios, dividend information, and a timeline of related news and events. Both ETFs are detailed with their investment objectives and index tracking strategies."], ["20260301", "This article provides an analysis of Brookstone Opportunities Etf (NASDAQ: BAMO), indicating a neutral near and mid-term outlook that could moderate a long-term positive bias. It highlights that support is being tested, and if held, resistance is expected next, with an exceptional 7.3:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 2.0% gain versus a 0.3% risk. The analysis includes AI-generated trading strategies for various risk profiles, such as position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging strategies."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed financial overview of Primis Financial Corp (FRST), including its income statement, balance sheet, cash flow statement, and key financial ratios. For fiscal year 2024, FRST reported $211.0M in revenue, a net loss of -$16.2M, and a Piotroski F-Score of 3 out of 9, indicating weak financial health. The company also showed a mixed earnings quality with a ratio of -1.21x, suggesting reliance on non-cash accounting items."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Entegris (ENTG) stock valuation, noting its significant year-to-date rally. Using Discounted Cash Flow and P/E ratio analysis, it suggests ENTG may be overvalued relative to its intrinsic value and industry peers. The article also presents bullish and bearish narratives to help investors contextualize the stock's potential future performance."], ["20260301", "This article provides a precision trading analysis for the Brookstone Growth Stock ETF (BAMG), highlighting its neutral near and mid-term readings but a positive long-term bias. It outlines institutional trading strategies, including long entry, momentum breakout, and short entry zones, along with corresponding targets and stop losses. The analysis emphasizes elevated downside risk due to the lack of additional long-term support signals."], ["20260301", "East West Bancorp (EWBC) saw significant insider selling in February 2026, with CEO Ng Dominic selling 50,000 shares for over $5.8 million and Director Molly Campbell selling 1,800 shares for over $221,000. These sales followed the company's strong Q4 and full-year 2025 earnings report, which highlighted record revenue of $2.9 billion and a 14% increase in net income. East West Bancorp also increased its quarterly dividend by 33%."], ["20260301", "The Law Offices of Frank R. Cruz has announced a securities fraud investigation into Camping World Holdings, Inc. (CWH) following significant drops in its stock price. The investigation stems from Camping World's Q3 2025 financial results, which included reduced 2026 guidance and a subsequent 24.8% stock decline, and Q4 2025 results showing a net loss and decreased gross margin, leading to another 16.5% stock drop. Shareholders who lost money are encouraged to contact the law firm to learn about potentially pursuing a claim."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed overview of the Fidelity MSCI Materials Index ETF (FMAT), an ETF tracking the US basic materials sector. It covers key financial data such as AUM, expense ratio, dividend yield, and price performance over various periods. The fund's structure, index tracking method, and investment strategy are also explained, along with technical analysis ratings and frequently asked questions for potential investors."], ["20260301", "Etsy (NYSE:ETSY) is forecast to have its earnings grow by 18.3% and revenue by 2.4% annually, with EPS expected to increase by 20% per year. The company's future return on equity is projected to be 188.3% in three years, and its earnings growth is expected to outperform the US market. The article also provides detailed historical and forecasted financial data, recent company updates, and analyst coverage information."], ["20260301", "Cycurion (CYCU) has adjourned its special stockholder meeting to March 19, 2026, to allow more time for shareholders to vote on the issuance of up to 3,314,920 shares. This vote is crucial for approval under Nasdaq Rule 5635(d) as the warrant exercise could exceed 20% of outstanding common stock. The meeting was originally scheduled for February 26, 2026, but was postponed due to a lack of quorum."], ["20260301", "Zions Bancorporation, a significant player in the major banks sector, recently adjusted its valuation to $61.65, demonstrating a 15.58% return over the past year and outperforming the S&P 500. The company exhibits strong financial health with a P/E ratio of 9, a price-to-book value of 1.16, and a dividend yield of 3.36%. Its robust performance metrics, including ROCE of 11.15% and ROE of 12.66%, position Zions favorably against competitors in the banking industry."], ["20260301", "This page provides an overview of the FMY (First Trust Mortgage Income Fund) stock, listed on the NYSE. It includes key financial stats such as market capitalization, dividend yield, and P/E ratio, alongside performance charts. The article also touches upon the company's sector, industry, founding information, and offers technical analysis summaries."], ["20260301", "BranchOut Food, Inc. has reached a new 52-week high of $4.95, representing a 250.37% increase over the past year. Despite this impressive stock performance, the microcap company in the FMCG sector is currently operating at a loss and has a moderate debt-to-equity ratio of 0.90. Its market capitalization stands at $56 million."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for Equity Bancshare (EQBK) SEC filings, including annual 10-K reports, quarterly 10-Q earnings, 8-K material events, and insider trading forms. It features recent filings detailing mergers, dividend declarations, share repurchase plans, and insider transactions, along with AI-powered summaries. The site also offers tools for investors to analyze these regulatory disclosures and track company performance."], ["20260301", "Sabine Royalty Trust reported lower revenue and net income for full-year 2025 due to weaker oil prices and production, leading to distribution cuts. Despite this, the past year saw an increase in the present value of future net revenue from proved developed reserves, which could support future cash generation if commodity prices improve. The article highlights the trust's exposure to commodity volatility and reminds investors that short-term income swings are as important as long-term valuations."], ["20260301", "EJF Capital LLC recently purchased 52,051 shares of First Financial Bancorp. (NASDAQ:FFBC) worth approximately $1.314 million, establishing a new position in the company. Despite this institutional buying, company insiders have been net sellers, with CEO Archie M. Brown selling 11,500 shares. First Financial Bancorp. reported stronger-than-expected quarterly earnings and declared a $0.25 quarterly dividend, receiving a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating from analysts with a target price of $30.50."], ["20260301", "nLIGHT (LASR) recently reported Q4 2025 earnings, highlighting strong aerospace and defense growth and plans to exit lower-margin cutting and welding markets. The company also secured over $190 million in new capital for manufacturing expansion, product development, and potential acquisitions. This strategic shift aims to focus on high-power lasers for aerospace and defense, changing nLIGHT's investment narrative despite continued net losses."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for investors to access Duolingo, Inc. (DUOL) SEC filings, including annual reports (10-K), quarterly reports (10-Q), and material event reports (8-K). It details Duolingo's revenue sources and provides access to historical and recent submissions, including insider trading activities. The platform also offers AI-powered summaries to help understand complex documents and real-time updates from the SEC\u2019s EDGAR system."], ["20260301", "Montrose Environmental Group (MEG) reported mixed results for 2025, with sales of US$830.54 million but a net loss of US$0.843 million for the full year. The company announced 2026 revenue guidance of US$840 million to US$900 million, including US$50-$70 million from emergency response, and a new US$40 million share repurchase program. This latest update refines the company's investment narrative, emphasizing organic growth and capital returns within its specialized environmental services and technology markets."], ["20260301", "This article provides comprehensive information on the First Trust Eurozone AlphaDEX ETF (FEUZ), including its stock price, chart, key statistics, and detailed fund characteristics. It highlights the ETF's investment strategy, which focuses on Eurozone equities using a multi-factor AlphaDEX index, and offers insights into its performance, assets under management, and trading indicators. The document also answers frequently asked questions about ETFs and FEUZ specifically."], ["20260301", "This article provides recent news and events related to Enterprise Financial Services Corp (EFSC), including its latest earnings reports and dividend declarations. It highlights the company's Q4 2025 financial results, dividend increases, and analyst ratings, alongside broader market movements and significant stock events from January 2026. The financial data includes Q4 revenue, tangible book value per share, and CET1 capital ratio."], ["20260301", "This article provides a list of the top holdings for the WisdomTree India Earnings UCITS ETF Accum Shs USD (EPI) as of February 27, 2026. It details the weight percentage, number of shares, and market value for each of the listed companies, which primarily include major Indian corporations such as Reliance Industries and HDFC Bank."], ["20260301", "Elong Power Holding Limited (NASDAQ: ELPW) has announced the closing of an underwritten public offering, raising approximately $7.0 million. The offering consisted of 21,700,000 Units at $0.3231 per Unit, each including one Class A ordinary share and one common warrant with an initial exercise price of $0.3231, subject to adjustments. The proceeds are intended for general corporate purposes and working capital."], ["20260301", "An analysis of Boundless Bio Inc (BOLD) suggests it is not a strong buy for long-term investors due to a lack of positive trading trends, absence of recent news or catalysts, and weak financial performance. Technical indicators are neutral, and the company reported no revenue growth and a net income loss in Q3 2025. Although some analysts maintain a \"Buy\" rating, revised price targets indicate caution."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for investors and traders to access Enliven Therapeutics Inc. (ELVN) SEC filings, including annual reports (10-K), quarterly reports (10-Q), material events (8-K), and insider trading forms (Form 4). It highlights recent insider sales by the CEO and CSO, detailing the number of shares sold, prices, and beneficial ownership after transactions, often under Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. The platform also offers AI-powered summaries to help interpret these complex regulatory disclosures."], ["20260301", "This page provides a compilation of recent news and events related to enGene Holdings (ENGN), including investor conference participation, debt facility expansions, FDA program selection, and analyst ratings. Key updates mention an expanded $125M debt facility, selection for the FDA's CDRP Program, and an increased price target from Oppenheimer. Additionally, it highlights enGene's financial position with $342.4M in cash reserves, extending its runway into the second half of 2028, and plans for a BLA filing in mid-2026."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for Advance Auto Parts (AAP) SEC filings, including 10-K annual reports, 10-Q quarterly earnings, and 8-K material events like leadership changes and financial results. It details how the company uses these filings to disclose operational, governance, and financial information, including recent insider trading activities and announcements regarding senior notes. The platform also offers tools to summarize documents and highlight key financial and governance changes for investors."], ["20260301", "Elauwit Connection (Nasdaq: ELWT) registered 134,194 shares of common stock issuable upon warrant exercise and announced it will restate its Q3 2025 financial statements. The restatement is due to revenue recognition errors for network design and installation contracts, estimating an overstatement of $471,000 for the quarter and $1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2025. The company clarified the errors were unintentional and not due to misconduct, and stated its ongoing business operations are unaffected."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed comparison of Daxor Corporation (DXR) with numerous competitors in the Healthcare Medical - Instruments & Supplies sector. It analyzes each company based on market capitalization, current trading prices, P/E ratios, and Return on Equity (ROE), highlighting that DXR generally exhibits lower short-term volatility compared to most of its larger peers. The report also lists various competitors and their financial metrics, allowing for a comprehensive peer comparison within the industry."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for Ecopetrol's SEC filings, including 20-F annual reports and 6-K current reports, offering detailed insights into the company's operations and financial performance. It highlights Ecopetrol's activities as a major integrated energy company in Colombia, covering its hydrocarbons business, power transmission, and road concessions. The platform also offers AI-powered tools to summarize and interpret these regulatory documents for investors."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive overview of RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. (RMAX) SEC filings, including 10-K annual reports, 10-Q quarterly earnings, 8-K material events, and insider trading forms. It highlights key financial details, regulatory updates, and includes AI-powered summaries of these documents. Recent filings discuss Q3 2025 results, a credit facility extension, and institutional ownership changes."], ["20260301", "Expensify (EXFY) maintains a strong financial position with a 0% debt-to-equity ratio, substantial shareholder equity of $132.7 million, and no debt. The company's short-term assets significantly exceed its liabilities, and it possesses a stable cash runway for over three years, even while operating at a loss, due to its positive free cash flow. Recent updates indicate various analyst assessments, insider transactions, and company announcements."], ["20260301", "Weis Markets, Inc. experienced a significant stock decline, dropping 7.16% to an intraday low of $65.37, and has underperformed the S&P 500 over the past year and three years. The company's financial metrics show weak long-term fundamental strength with a modest Return on Equity and a negative debt-equity ratio, indicating pressures in the competitive retailing industry. Its market capitalization stands at USD 2,299 million."], ["20260301", "Xylem Inc. (XYL) has authorized a new US$1.50 billion share repurchase program and increased its quarterly dividend by 8%, signaling management's confidence in its cash generation and balance sheet strength. This move, following record profitability in 2025 and robust 2026 guidance, reinforces the company's capital return story. While the buyback and dividend hike are appealing, the article also highlights potential risks from tariff and trade uncertainties and notes that some analysts express caution regarding Xylem's future revenue and earnings."], ["20260301", "Corning, Inc. experienced a 6.31% decline on February 26, 2026, hitting an intraday low of $148.51. Despite this short-term volatility, the company has demonstrated strong long-term growth, with a 200.54% increase over the past year and a 71.65% year-to-date performance. Corning maintains a robust financial position, characterized by a low debt-to-equity ratio, 14.49% return on equity, and significant net profit growth."], ["20260301", "EQT Corp. has formed a \"Golden Cross,\" where its short-term moving average crossed above its long-term moving average, signaling a potential bullish trend. The company has shown strong performance, outperforming the S&P 500 over the past year and maintaining significant long-term gains. This technical indicator suggests that EQT Corp. could continue its positive momentum in the oil sector."], ["20260301", "DoorDash Chief Business Officer Keith Yandell sold 4,018 shares of Class A common stock on February 25, 2026, under a pre-arranged Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. The sales occurred at prices ranging from approximately $166 to $175 per share. Following these transactions, Yandell directly holds 57,541 shares, some of which are restricted stock units."], ["20260301", "Allianz SE significantly reduced its stake in Deckers Outdoor Corporation by selling 15,781 shares, retaining only 2,531 shares. This comes despite Deckers Outdoor's strong quarterly earnings, which surpassed analyst expectations in both EPS and revenue. Analyst sentiment for Deckers Outdoor remains generally positive, holding a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating."], ["20260301", "This article reviews the Q4 performance of several business services and supplies stocks, with a focus on Copart (NASDAQ:CPRT). While Copart reported a disappointing quarter with revenues and EPS missing analyst estimates, other companies like CoreCivic (NYSE:CXW) showed strong performance. The sector as a whole had mixed results, with revenues generally beating estimates but varied investor reactions."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for American Tower (AMT) SEC filings, including 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K forms, alongside AI-powered summaries. It highlights recent material events such as a dispute with AT&T Mexico regarding tower rent payments, insider trading disclosures, and the appointment of a new director to the board. The article emphasizes how these filings offer detailed insights into the company's operations, financial health, and strategic activities for investors and traders."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Themes Gold Miners Etf (NASDAQ: AUMI) using AI-generated signals and volatility zones as tactical triggers. It highlights strong sentiment across all horizons supporting an overweight bias and outlines institutional trading strategies including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging strategies. The analysis provides specific entry zones, targets, and stop losses, alongside multi-timeframe signal analysis for near, mid, and long-term horizons."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Virtus Alphasimplex Managed Futures Etf (NASDAQ: ASMF), providing key findings and AI-generated trading strategies. It highlights strong near-term sentiment but a neutral mid and long-term outlook, along with elevated downside risk. The report details position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging strategies, including entry zones, targets, and stop losses for each."], ["20260301", "Elevance Health (ELV) stock is currently trading at $320, significantly below its 52-week high, despite management reaffirming its 2026 adjusted EPS guidance of at least $25.50. The company is strategically repositioning itself from a traditional health insurer to a diversified health services platform, driven by the growth of its Carelon segments. Wall Street analysts maintain a strong conviction with a mean price target of $387.9, implying a 21.2% upside, and TIKR's valuation model suggests a 35.7% total return by December 2030, indicating the stock may be undervalued."], ["20260301", "Jack Henry & Associates (JKHY) has seen recent fintech partnerships and adoption of its fraud and AML solution, yet its share price has declined in the short term. While a narrative valuation suggests the company is 20.2% undervalued at $203.67, driven by cloud adoption and recurring revenue potential, an earnings multiple analysis indicates its current P/E of 23.1x is expensive compared to the industry average and a fair ratio. Investors are advised to consider both the growth story and current earnings multiples before making a decision."], ["20260301", "CoStar Group has unwrapped Homes AI, an AI-powered conversational real estate search tool integrated into Homes.com, aimed at transforming the home search experience with personalized, real-time guidance. This launch comes amidst a period of weak stock performance for CoStar, with shares down significantly over recent weeks and months, intensifying investor focus on the success of Homes.com. The tool leverages CoStar's proprietary data and Microsoft Azure OpenAI, seeking to differentiate itself from competitors like Zillow and Redfin and support higher-quality traffic and potential new revenue streams."], ["20260301", "Simply Good Foods (SMPL) recently saw founder Joe Scalzo return as CEO and CFO acquire shares, leading to increased retail investor interest, but operating risks remain. Despite leadership changes and a share repurchase authorization, the company still faces challenges with stabilizing margins, weakness in Atkins, and integration of OWYN. While forecasts predict future revenue and earnings growth and a significant upside to its current price, investors should carefully assess the operational risks and compare analyst assumptions with their own expectations."], ["20260301", "This article from Stock Traders Daily discusses the volatility of Graniteshares 2x Long Amzn Daily Etf (NASDAQ: AMZZ) and outlines AI-generated trading strategies. It provides analysis on near-term sentiment, long-term strength, and offers specific position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging strategies with entry/exit points and stop losses. The analysis includes multi-timeframe signal data for support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "Bronstein, Gewirtz and Grossman, LLC has announced a class action lawsuit against Enphase Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:ENPH) for alleged violations of federal securities laws. The lawsuit claims Enphase overstated its ability to manage inventory and mitigate the effects of the 25D Credit termination, thereby misrepresenting its financial prospects. Investors who purchased Enphase securities between April 22, 2025, and October 28, 2025, are encouraged to join the lawsuit and have until April 20, 2026, to request to be appointed as lead plaintiff."], ["20260301", "This article provides price-driven insights for Alger Ai Enablers & Adopters Etf (NASDAQ: ALAI), noting neutral near and mid-term readings but a positive long-term bias. It outlines institutional trading strategies including long, momentum breakout, and short positions, alongside multi-timeframe signal analysis. The piece also highlights AI-generated signals for support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "The article provides an algorithmic analysis for Innovator Equity Defined Protection Etf - 2 Yr To July 2026 (NASDAQ: AJUL), indicating a neutral sentiment across all time horizons and supporting sideways price action. It highlights a 4.4:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 1.2% gain against 0.3% risk, and outlines three distinct AI-generated trading strategies: Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging. The analysis includes real-time signals, risk management parameters, and multi-timeframe signal analysis for AJUL."], ["20260301", "This article provides an AI-generated analysis of Innovator Equity Defined Protection Etf (NASDAQ: AJAN), highlighting a neutral sentiment and a mid-channel oscillation pattern. It outlines distinct trading strategies for different risk profiles, including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, with specific entry points, targets, and stop losses. The analysis also covers multi-timeframe signal analysis and provides real-time access to signals and personalized alerts."], ["20260301", "Thryv Holdings (THRY) recently filed an US$8.15 million shelf registration for common shares related to its ESOP and reported Q4 2025 and full-year 2025 results. The company is actively pivoting from legacy marketing services to a higher-margin SaaS and AI platform, with SaaS revenue now comprising over 62% of total revenue and SaaS adjusted EBITDA margins reaching 16.0%. This shift, along with improving SaaS profitability, is critical to the bull case, despite ongoing declines in its legacy business."], ["20260301", "Supernus Pharmaceuticals (SUPN) saw a 7.6% increase after reporting record 2025 revenue of US$718.95 million, but also a net loss of US$38.55 million for the year. The company provided a cautious 2026 outlook, forecasting operating earnings of US$0\u2013US$30 million on revenues of US$840\u2013US$870 million, driven by new CNS products and the Sage Therapeutics acquisition, but also impacted by rising costs. Investors are weighing strong revenue guidance against potential profitability challenges due to increased SG&A and R&D expenses."], ["20260301", "This article provides an in-depth analysis of American Beacon Ahl Trend Etf (NASDAQ: AHLT), focusing on AI-generated trading signals and strategies. It outlines distinct trading approaches for different risk profiles, including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging strategies, along with a multi-timeframe signal analysis. The piece also highlights current sentiment, identifying near-term strong sentiment influencing mid-term neutrality and a long-term positive bias for AHLT."], ["20260301", "This article provides a price-driven analysis for Advisorshares Insider Advantage ETF (NASDAQ: SURE), indicating a neutral near and mid-term outlook with a potential long-term positive bias. It details institutional trading strategies, including long, breakout, and short positions, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis. The report highlights a significant 8.5:1 risk-reward short setup and offers access to real-time AI-generated signals and risk models."], ["20260301", "Kaplan Fox & Kilsheimer LLP has filed a class action lawsuit against Snowflake Inc. on behalf of investors who purchased Class A common stock between June 27, 2023, and February 28, 2024. The lawsuit alleges that Snowflake made misleading statements by not disclosing that product efficiency gains, Iceberg Tables, and tiered storage pricing would negatively impact consumption and revenues. This led to a significant stock price drop after the company's financial results and guidance for fiscal year 2025 were announced, along with the CEO's retirement."], ["20260301", "Acadia Healthcare (ACHC) reported higher revenue but a net loss in Q4 and full year 2025 due to a significant US$996.2 million goodwill impairment and cautious 2026 revenue guidance. Management is shifting focus to operational performance and managing Medicaid policy changes expected to impact certain facilities. The company's investment narrative is now sharpened by these developments, with future profitability depending on occupancy improvements and the impact of reimbursement pressures."], ["20260301", "This article provides an overview of the institutional ownership data for the ProShares MSCI Emerging Markets Dividend Growers ETF (EMDV). It details various financial metrics, ownership information, and analytical tools available on the Quiver Quantitative platform, including insider trading, institutional holdings, analyst ratings, and a \"Smart Score\" system. The article highlights the absence of recent congressional trading, insider trading, corporate lobbying, patent, or government contract data for EMDV, emphasizing the comprehensive data analysis provided for premium subscribers."], ["20260301", "Nomad Foods (NOMD) recently reported Q4 2025 results, revealing a net loss and sales decline, alongside a significant share buyback aimed at boosting EPS. The company has designated 2026 as a transition year, implementing price increases and organizational restructuring to reset its frozen food portfolio for future growth. This strategy presents both a potential catalyst for profit recovery and a risk if the planned changes fail to improve fundamentals."], ["20260301", "Element Solutions, Inc. has seen a significant stock valuation adjustment, boasting a 38.53% return over the past year, outperforming the S&P 500. The company's financial metrics, including a P/E ratio of 24 and a dividend yield of 116.00%, indicate strong operational performance within the Chemicals & Petrochemicals industry. Its current stock price is $36.71, reflecting an increase from its previous close."], ["20260301", "Abercrombie & Fitch (NYSE: ANF) is set to release its quarterly earnings on March 4, 2026, with analysts forecasting an EPS of $3.57. The company has a history of beating EPS estimates, which often positively impacts its stock price. Investors will be keenly watching for the earnings report and future guidance, as Abercrombie & Fitch has shown positive stock performance over the last 52 weeks and strong financial metrics, including impressive net margin, ROE, and ROA."], ["20260301", "Director Brian S. Shlissel recently purchased 500 common shares of ALLSPRING INCOME OPPORTUNITIES FUND (EAD) in an open-market transaction. The shares were acquired at a price of $6.82 each, bringing his direct ownership to a total of 500 common shares in the fund. This transaction was disclosed in a Form 4 SEC filing, indicating it was an insider purchase."], ["20260301", "Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC has launched an investigation into KinderCare Learning Companies, Inc. (KLC) regarding potential corporate wrongdoing. The firm is encouraging shareholders who purchased KinderCare securities before October 9, 2024, and still hold them, to connect and assist with the investigation. The firm operates on a contingency fee basis, aiming to restore investor capital and ensure corporate accountability."], ["20260301", "Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals (ARWR) is gaining investor attention due to advancements in its RNA interference drug pipeline, including two therapies in Phase 3 trials and significant partnerships. While analysts suggest the stock might be slightly undervalued, its current P/E ratio is significantly higher than the industry average, indicating a rich premium. Investors are encouraged to review both the potential for growth and associated risks, alongside exploring other investment opportunities."], ["20260301", "Hecla Mining Company and its Canadian subsidiaries have reduced their stake in Dolly Varden Silver Corporation to 4.5%, dropping below the 5% ownership threshold. This reduction followed the sale of 2,170,000 common shares between February 24 and February 27, 2026, on the TSX-Venture Exchange. As a result, this filing serves as an exit statement for Hecla, as they are no longer beneficial owners of more than five percent of Dolly Varden Silver's outstanding common shares."], ["20260301", "Jefferies Financial Group (JEF) is facing pressure due to higher-than-expected US Producer Price Index data and concerns surrounding Market Financial Solutions, a company it backs. Despite recent share price declines of 9.31% (1 day), 27.43% (30 days), and 30.96% (1 year), the stock is currently trading at a 13% intrinsic discount and 34% below analyst targets. While its P/E ratio of 14.4x suggests undervaluation compared to its industry and estimated fair value, a discounted cash flow model suggests the stock is also undervalued, signaling mixed signals on its true value."], ["20260301", "GDS Holdings (NasdaqGM:GDS) has experienced recent share price volatility, with a 1.1% decline in one day and an 8.4% drop over the past week, despite a stronger 90-day and 1-year return. The company is trading at US$41.31, below the average analyst price target of US$52.89, leading to debate among investors about its current valuation. While one narrative suggests it's 21.7% undervalued with a fair value of $52.73, another view highlights valuation risk due to its high P/E ratio of 48.7x compared to the industry average."], ["20260301", "Centuri Holdings (CTRI) recently reported strong Q4 2025 results, with substantial revenue and net income, and issued 2026 revenue guidance between US$3.24 billion and US$3.54 billion. The company highlighted a record backlog of US$5.9 billion and a US$13 billion bidding pipeline, suggesting robust contracted work for the coming years. Despite these positive indicators, the article notes that Centuri's high valuation multiples and modest current profitability mean there is less room for error, requiring successful conversion of its backlog into higher-quality earnings."], ["20260301", "This article from Stock Traders Daily discusses how Bondbloxx Usd High Yield Bond Healthcare Sector Etf (NASDAQ: XHYH) movements inform risk allocation models. It highlights a neutral sentiment across all horizons for XHYH, suggesting a wait-and-see approach with a promising 4.9:1 risk-reward setup. The piece also outlines three AI-generated institutional trading strategies tailored to differing risk profiles."], ["20260301", "First Hawaiian, Inc. has realigned its core business into Retail Banking and Commercial Banking segments, as detailed in its 2025 10-K filing. This strategic shift, combined with significant capital returns through US$129.9 million in dividends and US$100.0 million in share repurchases, indicates management's effort to redefine the bank's business mix and return excess capital to shareholders. The article discusses how these changes, alongside leadership transitions, reshape the investment narrative for First Hawaiian."], ["20260301", "The Dimensional Global Real Estate ETF (DFGR) recently achieved a new 52-week high, trading at $28.89 with significant daily volume. The ETF, which invests in global real estate equities and REITs, has seen increased interest from institutional investors, with several hedge funds adjusting their stakes. DFGR, managed by Dimensional since December 2022, currently has a market capitalization of $3.31 billion."], ["20260301", "The WPAI.USD WisdomTree Issuer ICAV - WisdomTree Physical AI Humanoids and Drones UCITS ETF is a passively managed exchange-traded fund listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange. It invests primarily in stocks, with a focus on producer manufacturing, electronic technology, and technology services, and does not pay dividends. The ETF is issued by WisdomTree, Inc. and its price today is 26.155 USD, having fallen -0.21% in the past 24 hours."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes momentum shifts for T-rex 2x Long Apple Daily Target Etf (AAPX), highlighting a mid-channel oscillation pattern and an exceptional risk-reward setup. It outlines specific institutional trading strategies tailored to various risk profiles, including long, breakout, and short positions, alongside a multi-timeframe signal analysis. The piece emphasizes the importance of AI-generated signals for real-time trading decisions."], ["20260301", "First BanCorp (FBP) is facing increased scrutiny from investors due to labor shortages reported in Puerto Rico and other markets, which are raising concerns about the company's credit and operational risks. Despite recent share price declines, FBP's long-term shareholder returns remain strong. Analysts view the company as 12% undervalued, with a fair value of $24.00, suggesting a potential reset opportunity driven by anticipated improvements in net interest margin."], ["20260301", "Currenc Group shareholders approved a US$54.6 million debt-for-equity swap, issuing over 35 million new shares to creditors at US$1.53 each, which deleverages the balance sheet but dilutes existing holders. They also re-elected director Eric Weinstein and adopted the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan to align management incentives. Analysts currently rate CURR stock as a Sell with a $1.50 price target due to poor financial performance and a bearish technical trend."], ["20260301", "McKesson (MCK) has seen significant stock appreciation, reaching a new 52-week high, prompting investors to assess its future. The company is highlighted for its sustained long-term revenue growth, substantial economies of scale in the healthcare industry, and impressive long-term EPS growth. These factors suggest McKesson is a high-quality business, with further analysis available in a free research report."], ["20260301", "This article compiles various trade ideas and analyses for Freeport-McMoRan (FCX), illustrating both bearish and bullish perspectives. Some analyses suggest potential declines due to technical breakdowns and long-term trends, while others highlight strong bullish signals, economic tailwinds, and positive Q4 earnings. The diverse opinions reflect the complexity of copper market dynamics, global economic factors, and technical indicators influencing FCX's performance."], ["20260301", "Ecolab Executive Vice President Gregory B. Cook exercised employee stock options for 3,800 shares and subsequently sold 3,519 common shares in an open-market transaction on February 26, 2026. After these transactions, Cook directly holds 11,673.394 common shares and indirectly holds units in the Ecolab Stock Fund equivalent to approximately 6,519 common shares. The options were exercised at $137.087 per share (with a stated option price of $0.00), and the common shares were sold at an average price of $304.25 per share."], ["20260301", "Chubb has been recognized as a top dividend stock for March due to its strong financial performance, impressive underwriting efficiency, and expanding investment portfolio. Morgan Stanley raised Chubb's price target to $330, citing a positive outlook for the property and casualty insurance sector and the company's differentiated underwriting. Chubb reported nearly $3 billion in core operating income for Q4 2025, a 22% year-over-year increase, and achieved a record-low combined ratio of 81.2%."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis of the American Customer Satisfaction ETF (NASDAQ: ACSI), indicating a potential near-term strong sentiment influencing mid-term neutrality and long-term positive bias. It highlights a significant short setup with a 9.6:1 risk-reward ratio and details three AI-generated trading strategies: Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "VanEck Video Gaming and eSports ETF (NASDAQ:ESPO) experienced a significant increase in short interest during February, growing by 166.9% to 15,991 shares as of February 13th. The ETF has a market capitalization of $295.41 million and recently paid an annual dividend of $1.289. Institutional investors have also been actively modifying their holdings in ESPO."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Yieldmax Abnb Option Income Strategy Etf (NASDAQ: ABNY) presenting key findings and institutional trading strategies. It highlights a strong near-to-mid-term positive sentiment, a mid-channel oscillation pattern, and a significant risk-reward short setup. The piece details three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014alongside multi-timeframe signal analysis for ABNY."], ["20260301", "This article examines Avalanche's evolution into an institutional-grade blockchain infrastructure, highlighting its design for scalability, speed, and multi-chain architecture. It discusses key enterprise adoptions by financial institutions for tokenization and backend infrastructure, along with the impact of recent strategic pricing shifts on network activity. The piece also details the bear and bull cases for AVAX, including competitive pressures and the significant pivot towards enterprise and real-world asset use cases."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the volatility of Alpha Blue Capital Us Small-mid Cap Dynamic Etf (NASDAQ: ABCS), noting neutral near and mid-term signals but a moderating long-term positive bias. It highlights a significant short setup opportunity with an exceptional risk-reward ratio and outlines three distinct AI-generated trading strategies for different risk profiles. The analysis also provides multi-timeframe signal analysis, support, and resistance levels for ABCS."], ["20260301", "Amgen invested a record $7.2 billion in R&D in 2025, signaling its strategic shift towards becoming a growth compounder, driven by strong product sales and significant pipeline developments. Key products like Repatha and UPLIZNA have shown substantial growth, with UPLIZNA recently gaining European approval for generalized myasthenia gravis. The company's future growth hinges significantly on the success of its MariTide program in obesity and metabolic disease, with ongoing Phase III studies."], ["20260301", "Expeditors International of Washington (EXPD) recently announced its full-year 2025 earnings and a new US$3 billion share repurchase authorization. While the company's P/E ratio of 23.9x appears expensive compared to peers and industry averages, a Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) model suggests a slight undervaluation at $150.08 against a current price of $145.03. Investors are advised to consider the blend of signals, balancing the premium P/E with the modest DCF cushion and future growth prospects."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Innovator Equity Defined Protection Etf - 2 Yr To April 2026 (NASDAQ: AAPR), identifying a neutral sentiment and a mid-channel oscillation pattern. It highlights a favorable 6.6:1 risk-reward setup, targeting a 1.9% gain against a 0.3% risk. The analysis includes three AI-generated trading strategies (Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging) with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels, along with a multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check, LLP has filed a securities fraud class action lawsuit against CoreWeave, Inc. (NASDAQ: CRWV). The lawsuit alleges that CoreWeave made material misstatements and omissions regarding its ability to meet customer demand, its reliance on a single third-party data center supplier, and associated financial risks. Investors who purchased CRWV securities between March 28, 2025, and December 15, 2025, are encouraged to contact the firm to discuss their legal rights."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Precipio Inc. (NASDAQ: PRPO), detailing a weak near-term sentiment that could precede shifts in its mid and long-term outlook. It identifies a significant 49.9:1 risk-reward setup, targeting a 15.3% gain with only 0.3% risk. The analysis also provides three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored for different risk profiles and holding periods, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis and support/resistance levels."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Xtrackers High Beta High Yield Bond Etf (NASDAQ: HYUP) through algorithmic entry frameworks. It identifies a mid-channel oscillation pattern and a favorable 4.8:1 risk-reward setup. The analysis presents three distinct trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014all supported by a neutral sentiment across various time horizons."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Cambiar Aggressive Value Etf (CAMX), identifying a weak near-term sentiment and a mid-channel oscillation pattern. It presents three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored for different risk profiles. The analysis highlights an exceptional 8.9:1 risk-reward short setup targeting a 2.6% downside."], ["20260301", "DHI Group, Inc. (DHX) Chief People Officer, Elizabeth Andora, has filed an initial insider ownership statement on Form 3 with the SEC. This filing establishes her as a reporting officer, meaning she will be required to disclose all future qualifying transactions involving DHI Group securities. The Form 3 itself does not report any current beneficial ownership or transactions but sets the baseline for future transparency."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes T. Rowe Price Qm U.s. Bond Etf (TAGG) with a neutral sentiment across all horizons, suggesting sideways action. It highlights a potential resistance test, a significant risk-reward short setup, and offers three distinct trading strategies (Position, Momentum Breakout, Risk Hedging) based on AI models. The analysis also provides multi-timeframe signal analysis and encourages users to access real-time signals and personalized alerts."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes SmarDeteFS Smart Transportation & Technology Etf (NASDAQ: MOTO) using AI models to provide trading strategies. It highlights a near-term neutral sentiment amidst mid and long-term strength, with resistance being tested. The analysis offers distinct strategies for position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "The article analyzes the Vaneck Long/flat Trend Etf (LFEQ), noting neutral near and mid-term readings but a positive long-term bias with support being tested. It highlights a 9.9:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 2.9% gain versus 0.3% risk. The article also provides three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging\u2014tailored to different risk profiles."], ["20260301", "Cloudastructure, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSAI) received a notice from Nasdaq for failing to meet the minimum bid price requirement of $1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days. The company has a 180-day grace period until August 17, 2026, to regain compliance, potentially through a reverse stock split. This development comes amidst other company news, including expansion of deployments, launch of solar-powered security enclosures, and integration of autonomous drone technology."], ["20260301", "Diversify Wealth Management LLC recently purchased 125,072 shares of Cemex S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:CX) for approximately $1.12 million during the third quarter. While analysts offer mixed opinions, the consensus according to MarketBeat is a \"Hold\" rating with a price target of $11.04. Cemex reported a quarterly EPS miss but revenue beat expectations and offers a small dividend."], ["20260301", "Short interest in the First Trust Mid Cap Growth AlphaDEX Fund (NASDAQ:FNY) decreased by 30.7% in February, totaling 33,996 shares. This represents 0.7% of shares sold short with a days-to-cover ratio of 1.4. Several institutional investors, including LPL Financial and Wells Fargo, significantly increased their holdings in the fund, indicating growing institutional ownership."], ["20260301", "This article compiles various trading ideas and analyses for the SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average ETF Trust (DIA.US) from multiple contributors on TradingView. It offers diverse technical analyses, including channel trends, support/resistance levels, harmonic patterns, and moving averages, along with practical trading advice and common pitfalls. Several contributors share their current market outlooks and strategies for DIA, ranging from bullish to bearish, providing a comprehensive view of trader sentiment."], ["20260301", "This page provides comprehensive data, price information, and news for the DF Tactical 30 ETF (DFTT). It covers various financial aspects including institutional holdings, insider trading, and analyst ratings, alongside tools for strategic backtesting and data analysis. The article also highlights the absence of certain data points like Congress Trading, recent insider trading, and corporate lobbying for DFTT, indicating potential limitations in available public information for this specific ETF."], ["20260301", "This article provides an in-depth analysis of Embotelladora Andina S.a. (NASDAQ: AKO.A), highlighting a neutral near and mid-term outlook with a possible long-term positive bias. It identifies an exceptional 32.3:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 9.5% gain versus 0.3% risk. The analysis also outlines three distinct AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored for different risk profiles and holding periods, emphasizing scalable risk management."], ["20260301", "SoFi Technologies (SOFI) stock has seen a significant downturn, dropping 7.43% due to evolving market conditions and analyst downgrades. Bank of America and CFRA have cut their price targets, citing high valuation, recent capital raises, and competitive pressures. Despite robust revenue growth, the company faces profitability and liquidity challenges, prompting a bearish outlook and advice for strategic entry points for long-term investors."], ["20260301", "Ameresco (NYSE: AMRC) released its Q4 earnings on Monday, March 2, 2026, beating estimated earnings by 14.71% with an EPS of $0.39 against an estimate of $0.34. The company's revenue was up $48.36 million compared to the previous year. This performance follows a strong Q3 2025 where Ameresco also beat EPS estimates."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Proshares S&P 500 Ex-health Care Etf (NASDAQ: SPXV), providing key findings and AI-generated trading strategies. It highlights a neutral sentiment in the near and mid-term, with a positive long-term bias, and offers distinct position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging strategies for investors. The analysis includes support and resistance signals across multiple timeframes."], ["20260301", "The Invesco DB Energy Fund (DBE) aims to track the DBIQ Optimum Yield Energy Index Excess Return, investing in energy futures like Brent crude, WTI crude, gas oil, natural gas, RBOB gasoline, and ultra-low sulfur diesel. The fund outlines its index composition as of December 31, 2025, with risks including high futures volatility, \"contango drag,\" position limits, and geopolitical influences. DBE's performance metrics for 2024 and 2025 are detailed, noting a decrease in share value for 2025 driven by crude oil declines."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for A10 Networks (ATEN) SEC filings, including annual 10-K reports, quarterly 10-Q statements, and 8-K material event disclosures. It details how these filings offer insight into the company's financial condition, corporate actions like dividend approvals, and insider trading activities. The platform also offers AI-powered summaries to help users quickly grasp key information from these regulatory documents."], ["20260301", "A potential closure of the Strait of Hormuz by Iran, in response to U.S. and Israeli attacks, could lead to a significant spike in oil prices. While this might be concerning for the broader market, it could create a favorable environment for several shipping stocks, including Frontline and DHT Holdings, which are identified as potential beneficiaries. The article suggests that such a geopolitical event could specifically boost these companies."], ["20260301", "Ducommun (DCO) reported a return to quarterly profit in FY 2025's fourth quarter with US$215.8 million revenue and US$0.50 basic EPS, despite a trailing twelve-month net loss of US$33.9 million. The article discusses both bullish and bearish perspectives, highlighting the company's volatile EPS, discounted valuation, and the challenges in achieving forecasted profitability given the recent losses. While analysts anticipate future revenue growth from increased defense and commercial aerospace activity, the company's trailing losses and volatile performance present significant execution risks."], ["20260301", "This page provides an extensive overview of the Dana Limited Volatility ETF (DANA), focusing on its institutional ownership and other financial data points. It details information on insider trading, institutional holdings, whale activity, analyst ratings, and executive compensation, while also offering tools like stock screeners and backtesters based on various datasets. The page also includes disclaimers about historical backtesting results and financial advice."], ["20260301", "DENTSPLY SIRONA (XRAY) shares surged 15.6% following a strategic Q4 earnings release and the announcement of an aggressive corporate turnaround plan. The company plans a 24-month \"Return to Growth\" action plan, including a restructuring program to achieve $120 million in annual cost savings, reinvest these savings into innovation, and eliminate its dividend to focus on debt reduction and share repurchases. TIKR's valuation model projects a target price of $18.92, suggesting a 48.9% potential return, based on the company's capital allocation pivot and expansion into high-margin digital dentistry."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Credicorp (NYSE:BAP) following its significant share price appreciation over recent years. Using two valuation approaches, Excess Returns and P/E ratio, it suggests that Credicorp may still be undervalued, with an intrinsic value estimated at US$539.03 per share through the Excess Returns model. The article also introduces \"Narratives\" for investors to explore different future scenarios and their impact on the stock's fair value."], ["20260301", "Lionsgate Studios' stock has risen by 9.21% due to strategic moves like a new distribution deal, international partnerships, and a significant acquisition, positioning it for growth in digital content. Despite these positive developments, a media industry expert points out concerns with the company's financial fundamentals, including operational inefficiencies, high debt, and negative profit margins. The article highlights both opportunities for long-term resilience and the need for significant operational improvements to address existing financial instability."], ["20260301", "Elastic N.V. (ESTC) shares saw a 15.4% short-term drop despite exceeding Q3 guidance with $450 million in revenue, driven by its success in \"Agentic AI.\" TIKR's Valuation Model suggests Elastic is undervalued, projecting a target price of $99.46, representing a 91.0% potential return, due to its transition to high-margin subscription revenue and strategic positioning in the AI infrastructure market. The company also reported record CRPO growth and a deepened partnership with NVIDIA, highlighting strong long-term growth potential."], ["20260301", "Arcosa Inc. (ACA) experienced a 15.7% stock plunge following its fourth-quarter earnings report, driven by a major $450 million barge business divestiture and mixed 2026 volume guidance, particularly a projected 25% decrease in wind tower revenues. Despite this, TIKR's valuation model suggests the market is overreacting to short-term headwinds, maintaining a target price of $135.66 due to Arcosa's strategic pivot towards high-margin utility structures and strong performance in its Construction Products segment. The company aims to transition into a more resilient, less cyclical infrastructure play by leveraging its free cash flow for balance sheet optimization and targeting the power grid modernization market."], ["20260301", "Covenant Logistics Group, Inc. (CVLG) director Joey B. Hogan reported a bona fide gift of 2,600 shares of Class A Common Stock on February 27, 2026. These shares were transferred at no price, and after the gift, Hogan directly owned 118,794 shares. Some of these shares are jointly owned with his wife."], ["20260301", "This Simply Wall St stock analysis provides an overview of Cooper-Standard Holdings (NYSE:CPS), highlighting its current market capitalization, share price, and performance metrics. It presents varying analyst perspectives on the company's future growth, influenced by factors like EV demand and regulatory changes, alongside a summary of recent news and financial updates. The analysis also covers the company's fundamentals, including revenue, earnings, and debt, and tracks its price history and volatility compared to its industry and the broader market."], ["20260301", "Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC has filed a class action lawsuit against Fermi Inc. (NASDAQ: FRMI) alleging violations of federal securities laws. The lawsuit seeks to recover damages for investors who purchased Fermi securities during the period of October 1, 2025, to December 11, 2025. The firm claims that Fermi made materially false and misleading statements regarding its Project Matador campus, specifically overstating tenant demand and failing to disclose the significant risk of a single tenant terminating its funding commitment."], ["20260301", "Concentra Group Holdings Parent (CON) recently announced a strong fourth-quarter 2025 earnings beat, including increased revenue, net income, and a cash dividend. The company plans to continue growth through smaller acquisitions and new clinic openings, supported by a new $100 million share repurchase program. While this reinforces the investment narrative of growth, investors should consider the ongoing risk of profitability pressure from integration costs and debt."], ["20260301", "Short interest in Namib Minerals (NASDAQ:NAMM) significantly decreased by 31.6% in February, totaling 1,260,053 shares, which represents about 3.4% of shares sold short. The short-interest ratio is currently 0.4 days based on average daily trading volume, and while analysts have slightly softened their ratings from \"sell\" to \"hold,\" the consensus remains \"Reduce.\" Institutional investors own approximately 59.54% of the company, with recent activity from Polar Asset Management, Millennium Management, and Lineage Point Capital."], ["20260301", "This page provides current news, earnings, events, and price alerts for the CRWG ETF. It features financial data for CRWG, including its price and after-market performance. The only specific news listed is from August 15, 2025, detailing new leveraged ETFs launched on CoreWeave, Circle, and WeBull by Leverage Shares."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed list of past and future dividend distributions for the iShares Core Dividend ETF (NYSE: DIVB). It shows dividend amounts, ex-dividend dates, and payment dates stretching from December 2019 to December 2025. The current share price of DIVB is $56.490."], ["20260301", "Burford Capital (BUR) recently reported disappointing Q4 and full-year 2025 results, with lower revenue and profitability, though it did declare a final dividend. Despite this, the stock has seen positive returns over the past 7 and 30 days, yet its current US$8.44 share price raises questions about its valuation. Analysts are split, with some narratives suggesting it's significantly undervalued (fair value $18.21 or $22.85), while market pricing (P/E of 29.5x) assigns a rich multiple, prompting investors to assess both opportunities and risks."], ["20260301", "Bob's Discount Furniture (BOBS) has seen its share price cool recently, despite a strong year-to-date return of 24.8%. The stock's P/E ratio of 23.2x is higher than its peers and industry average, suggesting it may be overvalued on earnings terms. However, a Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) model estimates a fair value of US$25.01 per share, indicating potential undervaluation when considering future cash flows."], ["20260301", "This article provides a comprehensive overview of the Franklin International Core Dividend Tilt Index ETF (AMEX:DIVI), including its current price, performance metrics, and key statistics. It details the fund's investment strategy, which involves applying a dividend yield tilt to its Parent Index, and outlines its classification and analytical components. The article also features a FAQ section addressing common questions about ETFs, DIVI's performance, expense ratio, and investment approach."], ["20260301", "The Invesco Dow Jones Industrial Average Dividend ETF (DJD) tracks an index of Dow Jones Industrial Average securities that consistently pay dividends, weighted by their dividend yield. The article provides an overview of DJD's price performance, key statistics like AUM and expense ratio, and details about its investment strategy. It also includes an analysis of its holdings, technical indicators, and answers frequently asked questions about the ETF."], ["20260301", "This report provides a detailed stock analysis of CoreWeave (Nasdaq:CRWV), outlining its market cap of US$41.5 billion and current stock price of US$78.05. The company's valuation, future growth potential, past performance, and financial health are assessed, showcasing strong revenue growth and forecasted earnings growth alongside significant insider selling and price volatility. It also includes analyst insights and recent news, highlighting CoreWeave's role as a key provider of cloud infrastructure optimized for AI workloads."], ["20260301", "This article recommends avoiding America's Car-Mart (CRMT) due to a 55.6% stock drop, shrinking same-store sales, declining EPS, and high debt levels with a 21x net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio. The author suggests looking into a top digital advertising platform riding the creator economy instead."], ["20260301", "Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman LLC has filed a class action lawsuit against AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. alleging investor harm. The lawsuit claims that AMC made materially false and misleading statements regarding the rights of AMC Preferred Equity Units (\"APEs\") holders, specifically concerning a loophole that excluded them from certain distributions. Investors who purchased APEs between August 18, 2022, and November 1, 2023, are urged to join the class action by April 20, 2026, to potentially recover damages."], ["20260301", "Selective Insurance Group, Inc. has undergone an evaluation revision due to changing market conditions. The company's stock has shown a slight increase but has largely underperformed the S&P 500 over the past year and three years. Technical indicators present a mixed outlook, with some showing bullish trends and others bearish."], ["20260301", "This Simply Wall St analysis provides an overview of CRISPR Therapeutics (CRSP), a gene editing company. It highlights CRSP's valuation, future growth potential with a forecast of 58.46% annual revenue growth, and current financial health, while noting its present unprofitability. The report also covers recent news, price performance, and comparisons to competitors."], ["20260301", "Rockport Wealth LLC initiated a new position in First Trust RBA American Industrial Renaissance ETF (NASDAQ:AIRR) by purchasing 97,377 shares, valued at $9.57 million. This strategic move represents 1.9% of the fund\u2019s assets under management and occurred during a period where Rockport Wealth reduced its holdings in some growth stocks. The investment in AIRR is seen as a way to capitalize on a potential recovery in the manufacturing and industrial sectors, particularly as the U.S. ISM Manufacturing PMI shows signs of expansion."], ["20260301", "This page provides news and event information for CPBI (Central Plains Bancshares, Inc.). Key headlines include an update on a Simple Income Portfolio from December 2025, an analysis of financial stocks in January 2025, and the adoption of a stock repurchase program by Central Plains Bancshares in October 2024. The page also lists upcoming events, specifically the details of the repurchase program where the company may buy back up to 200,000 shares of its common stock."], ["20260301", "This page on Intellectia AI's website provides detailed information for the CRCG ETF, including its price, holdings, and composition. It displays current and after-market price data for CRCG, alongside sections for technical analysis, news, and asset composition, noting that holding data is currently unavailable. The article is part of the Intellectia AI platform, which offers various AI-powered tools and resources for investors."], ["20260301", "Carvana is undergoing significant operational expansion and simultaneously working to improve efficiency across its used car platform. The company is actively growing retail units, extending loan agreements, and securing new equity financing while addressing challenges like higher reconditioning costs. With a recent share price pullback despite strong longer-term gains, management is focusing on automation, digital process improvements, and cost reductions to navigate rapid expansion and boost resilience."], ["20260301", "This article assesses Commercial Metals (CMC) valuation ahead of its fiscal Q2 2026 earnings, focusing on recent acquisitions and its \"Transform, Advance, and Grow (TAG)\" program, which is expected to boost margins. Despite recent share price cooling, long-term returns show strong momentum, with CMC currently appearing 9% undervalued at $73.30 against a fair value estimate of $80.30. Investors should consider growth initiatives against risks like potential construction slowdowns and rebar capacity pressure."], ["20260301", "Banco Macro (BMA) reported a recovery in Q4 2025 with a net income of Ps.100.1 billion, despite being 26% lower than Q4 2024, showing stronger underlying profitability when excluding non-recurring expenses. The bank demonstrated robust credit expansion with a 40% year-on-year increase in total financing and significant deposit growth, climbing 8% quarter-on-quarter and 24% year-on-year. With strong capital adequacy and liquidity, along with a \"Buy\" analyst rating, Banco Macro is positioned to navigate macroeconomic volatility."], ["20260301", "Banco Santander Brasil's board of directors unanimously dismissed Vice-President Executive Officer Renato Ejnisman on February 27, 2026. This decision, formally recorded and electronically signed by the board, signals a significant change in the bank's senior leadership. While no immediate replacement was announced, the move is closely watched by investors given the strategic importance of executive leadership in Brazil's banking sector."], ["20260301", "This analysis of Freightos (Nasdaq:CRGO) highlights its position as a vendor-neutral booking and payment platform for international freight, comprising WebCargo and Freightos.com divisions. Despite a volatile share price and underperforming the US Logistics industry and market over the past year, analysts forecast its revenue to grow by 15.07% annually. The company shows strong financial health with a 6/6 score, but low scores for valuation, future growth, past performance, and dividends."], ["20260301", "ProShares has launched the GENIUS Money Market ETF (IQMM), a stablecoin reserve ETF investing in short-term U.S. Treasurys, aiming for compliant stablecoin backing. While geopolitical events, including Khamenei's death, caused significant Bitcoin price swings, the Pepeto presale, with its three operational products and 211% staking, demonstrated independence from market volatility. This highlights Pepeto's potential as a strong investment, contrasting with the reactive nature of established crypto assets to global headlines."], ["20260301", "First Capital, Inc. (NASDAQ:FCAP) saw a significant 31.7% decrease in short interest by February 13th, settling at 61,874 shares, representing approximately 1.9% of the company's float. The company has a short-interest ratio of 7.4 days and holds a consensus \"Hold\" rating from analysts. First Capital also recently announced a quarterly dividend of $0.31 per share."], ["20260301", "This article provides a stock quote and recent news for Boyd Group Services Inc. Common Shares (BGSI). It details the current trading price, daily and 52-week ranges, and recent news including an initiation of a position by Guardian Capital LP and past performance highlights. The article also includes frequently asked questions about BGSI's stock."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed list of past and future dividend distributions for the Dimensional World Equity ETF (NYSE: DFAW). It includes information on distribution type, dividend amount, franking, ex-dividend date, and payment date, alongside current and average share prices. The ETF currently trades at $78.630, reflecting recent dividend announcements."], ["20260301", "Central Garden & Pet (NASDAQ: CENT) reported a 6% year-over-year revenue decline, coupled with an expanded share repurchase program and a refreshed board of directors. Despite operational pressures, the stock has seen a 22.1% increase over the past month, suggesting investor confidence in the company's efforts to return value to shareholders and address governance. The key challenge for Central Garden & Pet will be to effectively manage revenue softness while continuing to utilize its capital allocation strategies."], ["20260301", "TJX Companies announced strong Q4 FY26 results, surpassing revenue and EPS estimates with an adjusted EPS of $1.43 and revenue of $17.7 billion. For the full fiscal year, the company's revenue exceeded $60 billion for the first time. Despite the positive performance, shares traded flat due to conservative FY27 guidance, though analysts maintain a \"Strong Buy\" rating with increased price targets."], ["20260301", "Oracle's stock (ORCL) fell 3.3% as the AI trade cooled, with investors focusing on the broad implications of OpenAI's massive $110 billion funding round and Oracle's upcoming mid-March earnings report. The tech sector experienced a broader slide despite strong Nvidia numbers, as analysts suggest a \"breather\" for the semiconductor group. Oracle's significant funding needs for its Cloud Infrastructure, projected at $45-50 billion in 2026, add to investor scrutiny regarding cloud demand and capital spending plans."], ["20260301", "UnitedHealth Group's stock (UNH) is currently trading significantly below its 52-week high, but analysts see a substantial upside due to anticipated EPS growth in 2026, AI-enabled cost reductions, and strategic investments. Despite a past EPS collapse, forward estimates project a strong recovery, with TIKR's valuation model targeting over 100% return by 2030, suggesting the market is undervaluing its recovery potential. However, the final 2027 Medicare Advantage rate announcement remains a critical factor for future earnings guidance."], ["20260301", "This article provides key metrics and an overview for the Cencora, Inc. 5.65% 13-FEB-2056 bond, identified by US3073EBF1. It details the issuer, issue and maturity dates, outstanding amount, face value, minimum denomination, and coupon rate. The piece highlights that deeper bond data is available for those seeking more comprehensive analysis."], ["20260301", "Booking Holdings (BKNG) shares closed slightly down on Friday, with investors anticipating new catalysts. The company's CFO, Ewout Steenbergen, is scheduled to speak at a conference on March 3rd, and a 25-for-1 stock split with a $10.50 per-share dividend has a record date of March 6th. Despite challenges in the travel sector, Booking aims to leverage AI and direct bookings, but macroeconomic factors and a dip in average daily rates pose risks."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes momentum shifts for Goldman Sachs Marketbeta Emerging Markets Equity Etf (NASDAQ: GSEE), indicating strong sentiment across all time horizons. It provides AI-generated institutional trading strategies including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis for support and resistance levels. The analysis highlights elevated downside risk despite strong sentiment."], ["20260301", "This article provides an AI-driven analysis of First Trust Ipox Europe Equity Opportunities Etf (NASDAQ: FPXE), indicating neutral near and mid-term readings but a positive long-term bias. It outlines distinct trading strategies for different risk profiles, including long, breakout, and short positions, along with support and resistance levels across multiple timeframes. The analysis highlights a 17.2:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 5.2% gain against 0.3% risk."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Proshares Ultrashort Msci Eafe -2x Shares (NYSE: EFU), indicating weak sentiment across all horizons and a potential short bias. It outlines three trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014along with multi-timeframe signal analysis to inform risk allocation models. The analysis suggests a strong risk-reward setup targeting a 6.8% gain against minimal risk."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Advisorshares Restaurant Etf (NASDAQ: EATZ), highlighting a strong near-term sentiment with a neutral mid and long-term outlook. It identifies a mid-channel oscillation pattern and presents three distinct AI-generated trading strategies with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels for different risk profiles. The analysis emphasizes an exceptional 20.4:1 risk-reward setup, targeting a 6.0% gain versus 0.3% risk."], ["20260301", "Guggenheim Strategic Opportunities Fund (GOF) has announced a monthly dividend of USD 0.1821 per share, payable on March 31, 2026. The ex-date and record date for this dividend are both March 13, 2026. The Fund aims to maximize total return through a combination of current income and capital appreciation, investing in various fixed-income and other debt and senior equity securities."], ["20260301", "This article provides a price-driven analysis for Trueshares Structured Outcome (april) Etf (NASDAQ: APRZ), indicating neutral near and mid-term readings with a long-term positive bias but also elevated downside risk due to a lack of additional long-term support signals. It outlines institutional trading strategies including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis and details on accessing real-time AI-generated signals for APRZ."], ["20260301", "This article provides a liquidity mapping analysis for Alps Reit Dividend Dogs Etf (NASDAQ: RDOG), highlighting a strong near-term sentiment with a neutral mid and long-term outlook and elevated downside risk. It details AI-generated institutional trading strategies including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis. The article also offers real-time signals and analysis tools for users."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Invesco S&p Smallcap 600 Qvm Multi-factor Etf (NASDAQ: QVMS), highlighting a neutral near and mid-term outlook that could moderate its long-term positive bias. It identifies a mid-channel oscillation pattern and an exceptional 10.7:1 risk-reward setup, targeting a 3.2% gain against 0.3% risk. The analysis also provides three distinct AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored for different risk profiles and holding periods, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "Newmont Corporation (NEM) stock has reached a 52-week high, mirroring a rally in gold prices driven by inflation concerns and geopolitical risks. Investors face the dilemma of locking in gains or riding a potential multi-year gold cycle, with the stock's performance highly correlated to gold prices, real yields, and Fed policy expectations. Wall Street analysts maintain cautious optimism, focusing on valuation, capital returns, and disciplined execution amid market-wide interest in gold as a hedge against volatility."], ["20260301", "NetApp (NTAP) reported strong fiscal Q3 2026 results with higher revenue and net income, alongside a declared quarterly dividend. The company also provided upbeat Q4 2026 guidance, emphasizing momentum in all-flash storage and its Keystone Storage-as-a-Service offering. These results reinforce NetApp's investment narrative centered around AI and hybrid cloud, indicating that these areas are key near-term catalysts despite potential margin pressure from cloud partnerships and as-a-service models."], ["20260301", "This article provides a stock analysis for Ishares Breakthrough Environmental Solutions Etf (NASDAQ: ETEC), highlighting weak near-term sentiment but long-term strength. It details institutional trading strategies, including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis and support/resistance levels. The analysis, generated by AI models, emphasizes risk-reward setups and real-time signal access."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Uscf Gold Strategy Plus Income Fund (NYSE: USG), highlighting strong sentiment across all time horizons supporting an overweight bias. It provides three distinct AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014along with multi-timeframe signal analysis, including support and resistance levels. The report emphasizes the current price positioning and elevated downside risk while offering real-time signal access and personalized tracking features."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Kingstone Companies Inc (KINS) with a focus on its impact on rotational trading strategies. It highlights a strong near-term sentiment but neutral mid and long-term outlook, identifying a mid-channel oscillation pattern. The analysis presents institutional trading strategies, including long, breakout, and short positions, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis and support/resistance levels."], ["20260301", "The ALPS Nautilus SMR, Nuclear & Technology ETF (SMRF) aims for income and capital appreciation by investing in companies involved in nuclear and small modular reactor (SMR) value chains and artificial intelligence. The actively managed fund uses covered and naked call-and-put strategies to provide monthly distributions while aiming for growth. As of the article's context, the SMRF trades at $24.19, has AUM of $6.29 million, and an expense ratio of 0.65%."], ["20260301", "This article provides a real-time analysis of If Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ: IROQ) using AI models, indicating a neutral near and mid-term outlook with a positive long-term bias. It outlines institutional trading strategies including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with detailed multi-timeframe signal analysis. The report highlights a 9.1:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 2.7% gain versus 0.3% risk."], ["20260301", "The article provides a detailed analysis of First Trust Indxx Global Agriculture Etf (FTAG), highlighting weak near-term sentiment but strong long-term potential. It presents AI-generated trading strategies for different risk profiles, including long, breakout, and short positions. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal analysis, identifying support and resistance levels across various time horizons."], ["20260301", "Enphase Energy's stock is up 25% in 2026, driven by a strong Q4 earnings beat, diversification into commercial and battery storage markets, and the removal of a significant tariff headwind by a Supreme Court ruling. Despite ongoing legal challenges, CEO insider buying and innovative product launches like the fifth-generation battery suggest potential for continued growth, though a $632.5 million convertible note repayment and IRS refund delays pose short-term liquidity risks."], ["20260301", "The article analyzes Finvolution Group American Depositary Shares (NASDAQ: FINV) volatility, noting a mixed sentiment and a mid-channel oscillation pattern. It presents three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging\u2014with entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The analysis also highlights divergent sentiment across different time horizons, suggesting choppy conditions for the stock."], ["20260301", "BMO Capital and Needham have both cut their price targets for CoStar Group (CSGP), despite the company's strong fourth-quarter results and full-year bookings growth. BMO analyst Jeffrey Silber reduced the target to $53, citing missed expectations for net new bookings, while Needham lowered its target to $60 but maintained a Buy rating, impressed by CoStar's broad-based growth, expense discipline, and digitization strategy. The company reported $75 million in net new bookings for Q4 and a 42% year-over-year increase, reaching $308 million for fiscal year 2025."], ["20260301", "Kratos Defense & Security Solutions Inc. (NASDAQ: KTOS) has priced an underwritten public offering of 14,285,714 shares of common stock at $84.00 per share, expecting to raise approximately $1.17 billion in net proceeds. The company plans to use these funds for capital expenditures, new product development, strengthening its balance sheet for anticipated contract awards, and funding recent and future strategic acquisitions. This move aims to scale operations to meet demands from the Department of War and national security customers."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Innovator Equity Defined Protection Etf (NASDAQ: TJUL), highlighting a neutral sentiment with a mid-channel oscillation pattern. It presents an exceptional 6.0:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 1.8% gain against a 0.3% risk. The piece outlines three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored for different risk profiles and holding periods, emphasizing the critical importance of price action for tactical trading."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for Commercial Metals Co (CMC) SEC filings, including 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K reports, and insider trading forms. It highlights recent filings detailing financial results, dividend declarations, acquisitions, and financing actions. The platform also offers AI-powered summaries of these documents to help investors analyze the company's financial health and strategic moves."], ["20260301", "This page provides current news and event information for CMU stock, including recent announcements from MFS Investment Management regarding monthly distributions and fund reorganizations. It also displays real-time stock pricing and offers an overview of Intellectia.AI's financial tools and services."], ["20260301", "This page provides access to Clean Harbors Inc. (CLH) SEC filings, including 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K forms, along with AI-assisted summaries. It details the company's environmental and industrial services, financial performance, and key events, offering insights into its business, capital structure, and risk profile for investors. Recent insider trading activities and a Q2-25 financial summary are also highlighted."], ["20260301", "This article provides an AI-driven analysis for the Xtrackers Net Zero Pathway Paris Aligned Us Equity Etf (NASDAQ: USNZ), highlighting neutral near and mid-term readings but a positive long-term bias. It outlines three distinct institutional trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014with specific entry, target, and stop loss zones. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal analysis and encourages users to access real-time signals and customized risk models."], ["20260301", "This Simply Wall St analysis provides an overview of Cogent Biosciences (COGT), a clinical-stage biotechnology company. It highlights the company's financial health, future growth potential, and recent performance, noting strong forecasted earnings growth but also past shareholder dilution and recent insider selling. The report also details COGT's pipeline of precision therapies, including its lead candidate bezuclastinib, and lists recent news and stock performance metrics."], ["20260301", "This Simply Wall St report provides a stock analysis of CNH Industrial (NYSE:CNH), an equipment and services company. It covers the company's overview, valuation, future growth, past performance, financial health, dividends, management, and ownership. The analysis highlights that CNH is trading below its estimated fair value but notes risks like debt coverage, lower profit margins, and an unstable dividend track record."], ["20260301", "Clarivate's stock (CLVT) rose by 29.9% despite the company guiding for net losses ranging from US$124 million to US$189 million in 2026, alongside Q4 2025 sales of US$617 million and full-year sales of US$2.46 billion. The positive market reaction seems to stem from a significant reduction in goodwill and intangible asset impairments in Q4 2025, which fell to US$15.0 million from US$224.1 million a year earlier, indicating that future losses are more reflective of operational challenges rather than one-off write-downs. Investors are now focused on Clarivate\u2019s ability to stabilize revenue and improve margins amidst ongoing divestitures and restructuring efforts to achieve long-term profitability."], ["20260301", "Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc. (CDIO) is experiencing significant stock fluctuations ahead of an investor call to discuss its AI-driven cardiovascular testing platform and strategic growth. Despite a recent 16.09% stock surge and strong liquidity, the company faces substantial operational inefficiencies and deeply negative profitability ratios. Analysts maintain a cautious outlook, emphasizing the need for CDIO to translate strategic initiatives into tangible financial improvements to overcome current market challenges."], ["20260301", "Simmons First National Corporation announced a 1% dividend increase to US$0.215 per Class A share and a US$175,000,000 share repurchase program, signaling a focus on returning capital to shareholders. This comes as the regional bank navigates credit issues, particularly in commercial real estate, with its dividend currently not covered by earnings. Investors should consider the bank's recent spike in net charge-offs and how capital returns will balance with evolving credit costs and loan growth."], ["20260301", "Stifel lowered its price target on HubSpot Inc. (NYSE: HUBS) to $375 from $500, while maintaining a Buy rating, following the company's Q4 2025 earnings call. HubSpot reported an 18% year-over-year revenue increase in constant currency and 20% as reported for Q4 2025, with full-year revenue climbing 18.2% to $3.1 billion. The price target adjustment was influenced by HubSpot's fiscal year 2026 constant currency revenue growth guidance of 16%, which was below Stifel's previous expectation for acceleration."], ["20260301", "Stifel lowered its price target on HubSpot (HUBS) to $375 from $500, while maintaining a Buy rating, ahead of its Q4 earnings call. This adjustment follows HubSpot's fiscal year 2026 constant currency revenue growth guidance of 16%, which was below the 17% growth that would have indicated clearer acceleration. Despite this, Stifel believes the acceleration thesis for HubSpot remains intact, citing strong net new annualized recurring revenue growth and Q4 net revenue retention."], ["20260301", "UMH Properties (UMH) has experienced recent share price weakness, with a 1-day return of -4.19% and a 1-year return of -15.71%. Despite this, Simply Wall St's analysis suggests the company might be undervalued, with a fair value pegged at $19.07 against its current price of $15.08, driven by legislative changes and potential NOI growth from manufactured housing communities. However, further analysis of its P/S ratio suggests some valuation risk if revenue growth targets are not met."], ["20260301", "Certara (CERT) stock rose 9.6% after the company declared 2026 a \"transition year\" with a revenue growth forecast of 0%-4%. In Q4 2025, Certara's revenue increased to US$103.65 million from US$100.36 million a year prior, but it shifted from a net income to a net loss of US$5.9 million. The company is focusing on cost discipline, AI-enabled product launches, and a potential strategic review of its regulatory writing business, while analysts have lowered their expectations."], ["20260301", "Barclays has upgraded Etsy (ETSY) to Overweight with a $72 price target, citing the Depop divestiture and stabilization of its core business. Simultaneously, Truist maintained a Buy rating and increased its price target to $83, attributing it to sustainable Gross Merchandise Sales growth driven by improved AI search. These positive analyst actions occur amid an insider stock sale by Etsy's Chief Product & Technology Officer and a broader context of analyst recommendations."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the technical reactions to LQIG trends in macro strategies, focusing on the Spdr Marketaxess Investment Grade 400 Corporate Bond Etf (NASDAQ: LQIG). It highlights a neutral sentiment across all horizons, suggesting a wait-and-see approach, and identifies a significant risk-reward short setup. The analysis also provides institutional trading strategies including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, based on AI-generated signals for various timeframes."], ["20260301", "WillScot Holdings director Bradley Lee Soultz filed an amended Form 4 outlining equity award-related transactions. The filing details his acquisition of shares through derivative securities, the withholding of shares for tax obligations at specific prices, and an earlier transfer of common stock to a trust for no consideration. The amendment primarily serves to correct the amount of beneficially owned securities in Table I."], ["20260301", "This article lists the current holdings of the First Trust RBA American Industrial Renaissance UCITS ETF Accum A USD (SIX:AIRR) as of February 27, 2026. It details the top ten companies held by the ETF, including their weight percentage, number of shares, and market value. Key holdings include Comfort Systems USA, MasTec, and Sterling Infrastructure."], ["20260301", "This article provides detailed financial data and recent news for Broadwind Inc (BWEN) and Sandridge Energy Inc (SD). It includes stock performance metrics, insider transaction information, analyst ratings, and news headlines for both companies, allowing readers to assess their current market standing and potential future outlook."], ["20260301", "Scott E. Oaksmith, SVP and CFO of Choice Hotels International, reported the acquisition of 5,158 shares through a restricted stock unit grant. These RSUs will vest in four equal annual installments starting March 2, 2027. Following this transaction, his direct holdings in common stock now total 41,477 shares."], ["20260301", "Q2 Holdings (QTWO) experienced a 5.2% stock drop due to competitive and annual recurring revenue (ARR) pressures despite reporting profitable Q3 2025 results, including 15% revenue growth and $15 million in net income. The company's focus on AI and a $150 million share repurchase plan supported its profitability, yet investors remain concerned about slowing ARR growth and lower gross margins compared to competitors. Analysts provide varied fair value estimates, highlighting differing views on the company's future prospects."], ["20260301", "This article provides an earnings analysis and prediction for Martin Midstream Partners L.P. (MMLP), focusing on past results, future forecasts, and stock price correlation with earnings revisions. It highlights analyst estimates for upcoming quarters, historical stock price reactions around earnings reports, and the impact of recent revisions on investor decisions. The piece also includes a summary of sentiment from a previous earnings call, noting mixed performance and concerns over increased debt."], ["20260301", "Silgan Holdings Inc. (NYSE: SLGN) recently increased its quarterly dividend by 5%, extending its 22-year streak of dividend hikes. This move is seen as reinforcing the company's commitment to returning capital to shareholders and is linked to ongoing operational initiatives like the Weener Packaging acquisition and cost reduction programs. While the dividend increase signals strong cash flow, challenges like elevated leverage and customer concentration remain."], ["20260301", "Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C. has announced that a class action lawsuit has been filed against CoreWeave, Inc. for allegedly issuing false and misleading statements regarding the company's ability to meet customer demand and its reliance on a single third-party data center supplier. Investors who purchased CoreWeave securities between March 28, 2025, and December 15, 2025, are encouraged to contact the firm before March 13, 2026, to apply for lead plaintiff in the lawsuit. The law firm is seeking to represent investors who suffered losses due to these alleged misrepresentations."], ["20260301", "Halozyme Therapeutics (HALO) is drawing investor attention due to its recent share performance and biopharmaceutical licensing business. The company is considered 18% undervalued with a fair value of $84.50, driven by expanding partnerships and subcutaneous biologic launches. While its P/E ratio is higher than the industry average, the current valuation depends heavily on the commercial relevance of its ENHANZE technology and successful partner rollouts."], ["20260301", "This article provides a price-driven analysis for Proshares Ultrashort Consumer Staples (NYSE: SZK) for rule-based strategies. It highlights weak near and mid-term sentiment, a neutral long-term outlook, and indicates a breakdown is underway with expected lower levels. The analysis includes AI-generated trading strategies for different risk profiles and a multi-timeframe signal analysis, warning of elevated downside risk due to a lack of additional long-term support signals."], ["20260301", "Skyward Specialty Insurance Group (SKWD) reported strong Q4 and full-year 2025 results, demonstrating increased revenue and net income, partly due to the Apollo acquisition. Despite a recent share price decline, its long-term shareholder return remains positive, and analysts have a positive outlook. The company is currently considered 26.8% undervalued with a narrative fair value of $63.50, though its P/E ratio is slightly above the industry average."], ["20260301", "Equinox Gold (TSX:EQX) saw an 11.1% stock increase after announcing its first quarterly dividend of US$0.015 per share and a share repurchase program for up to 5% of its stock. These initiatives, along with reduced net debt, signal a shift towards consistent capital returns and a stronger balance sheet. The company reported 2025 sales of US$1.82 billion and a net income of US$221.47 million, despite ongoing execution risks at new mines and community/jurisdictional disputes."], ["20260301", "Arlo Technologies (NYSE:ARLO) is experiencing significant growth in its subscription services, which now constitute the majority of its revenue, driven by partnerships with Comcast, Samsung SmartThings, and ADT. This shift towards a recurring revenue model has led to improved profitability, with the company moving from a loss to a profit in 2025, and its stock price has responded positively. Investors are monitoring Arlo's ability to scale and retain these subscription relationships, particularly in a competitive smart home security market."], ["20260301", "CF Bankshares Inc (CFBK) is currently in the \"Fair zone\" regarding its valuation, with a forward PE ratio of 7.11 compared to its five-year average of 8.65. Its fair price is estimated to be between $28.62 and $41.24 based on relative valuation methods. While its current P/S ratio of 2.38 is significantly above the industry average, its strong revenue growth of 13.30% is noted."], ["20260301", "CRA International (CRAI) stock has recently gained 3.1% over the past week but shows negative returns over the past month and three months, despite strong long-term returns. The article highlights that CRAI is trading at a significant discount of approximately 46% to analyst targets and its intrinsic estimate, suggesting it might be undervalued. This assessment is supported by the boom in global M&A activity, which increases demand for CRA International's expert services, projecting a fair value of $252.50 against its current price of $172.66."], ["20260301", "This page provides details on the CCSO ETF, including its price, holdings, and composition. The ETF is actively managed and invests primarily in U.S.-listed equity securities of companies focused on addressing climate change. It also details some of the AI-powered tools and resources offered by Intellectia.AI for investors."], ["20260301", "VF Corp, owner of brands like Vans and The North Face, is undergoing a restructuring after cutting its dividend and facing challenges with Vans' performance and high debt. The article explores whether the stock represents a value trap or a turnaround opportunity, emphasizing the importance of Vans' revival and debt reduction efforts. Analysts maintain a cautious stance, viewing VFC as a high-risk operational recovery story tied to discretionary spending and interest rates, suitable for a high-risk portfolio segment."], ["20260301", "This article provides an AI-generated analysis for Jpmorgan Sustainable Municipal Income Etf (NASDAQ: JMSI), indicating a neutral sentiment across all time horizons. It outlines distinct trading strategies (Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging) with specific entry, target, and stop-loss zones. The analysis also highlights a significant 3.7:1 risk-reward short setup."], ["20260301", "Teucrium Commodity Trust reported a consolidated net loss of $26.49 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, primarily due to realized losses on commodity futures contracts, though partially offset by interest income. The Teucrium Corn Fund (CORN) experienced a per-share loss of $0.88, and the Teucrium Wheat Fund (WEAT) had a per-share loss of $4.14. Several funds saw declines in NAV and AUM due to commodity price depreciation and investor outflows, with interest income also decreasing year-over-year."], ["20260301", "This page provides the latest news and insights for Western Asset Premier Bond (WEA) stock, including historical news articles, Rhea-AI expert summaries, and end-of-day stock performance. It aims to offer a holistic view for investors by combining real-time updates, analytical insights, and market reaction data. The page also includes current stock price, market cap, and rankings for WEA."], ["20260301", "InterDigital (IDCC) has garnered attention due to 6G breakthroughs, a new Sony patent agreement, and strong year-to-date share price performance. The company is considered undervalued by a common narrative, projecting a fair value of $462.67, significantly higher than its current trading price, following a lucrative 8-year license agreement with Samsung and other factors. However, the P/E ratio suggests a more cautious outlook, raising questions about potential valuation stretch."], ["20260301", "Selective Insurance Group, Inc. has adjusted its valuation metrics, presenting a P/E ratio of 23 and a price-to-book value of 2.61. The company's stock yielded a 5.27% return over the past year, underperforming the S&P 500, but its PEG ratio of 0.36 suggests favorable growth potential. Despite varied performance, its recent monthly return of 3.20% surpassed the S&P 500's 1.66%, highlighting its competitive positioning in the insurance sector."], ["20260301", "MasTec, Inc. has demonstrated remarkable performance within the construction industry, achieving a 127.41% increase over the past year, significantly outperforming the S&P 500. The company's strong financial metrics include a 766.06% growth in net profit and healthy operational efficiency, solidifying its position as a multibagger stock. With a market capitalization of approximately $21.97 billion, MasTec continues to attract investor attention due to its robust growth and solid market standing."], ["20260301", "Associated Banc-Corp (ASB) has experienced recent share price weakness, with short-term declines despite positive longer-term returns, prompting a re-evaluation of its valuation. Simply Wall St's analysis suggests the stock is undervalued with a fair value of $30.20, largely due to disciplined expense management and share buybacks supporting EPS growth. However, this optimistic outlook could be challenged by potential credit losses from commercial and CRE exposure or a slowdown in deposit growth."], ["20260301", "Aspen Aerogels Inc. reported a significant net loss for Q4 2025, totaling $72.9 million, or 88 cents per share, missing Street revenue forecasts with $41.3 million. The company's full-year 2025 losses reached $389.6 million on $271.1 million in revenue. Looking ahead, Aspen Aerogels projects Q1 2026 revenue between $35 million and $40 million, as its stock price has declined considerably over the past year."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis of the GraniteShares 2x Long COIN Daily ETF (NASDAQ:CONL), presenting a summary of indicators from moving averages, oscillators, and pivots. It notes that the current overall rating for CONL is \"Sell\" based on technical indicators over various timeframes (daily, weekly, monthly). The article also includes a Q&A section explaining technical analysis concepts like oscillators, pivots, and moving averages, while cautioning that this information is not investment advice."], ["20260301", "This page provides current news, events, and price alerts for BLDP stock (Ballard Power Systems). Recent news highlights include Ballard Power Systems scheduling its Q4 2025 earnings call and updates related to Plug Power (NASDAQ:PLUG), including a revenue beat, a significant surge in shares due to a Walmart agreement, and an analyst upgrade. The page also features an overview of various financial tools and market data provided by Intellectia.AI."], ["20260301", "The technical analysis for Ballard Power Systems Inc (BLDP) indicates a \"Strong Sell\" consensus, with 15 out of 17 technical signals pointing to a sell and only 2 to a buy. The stock is currently trading at $2.12, below all its key moving averages, including the 200-day simple moving average. While the RSI suggests a neutral condition, the MACD provides a clear sell signal."], ["20260301", "Williams-Sonoma (NYSE:WSM) reported strong third-quarter results with revenue exceeding expectations and positive comparable sales across all brands, leading management to raise full-year bottom-line guidance. The company's stock has seen significant gains over the past few years, and the recent performance underscores brand resilience and effective omni-channel execution. Investors should consider potential risks like tariff exposure and a weaker housing market, while also noting the company's profitability growth and a modest discount to fair value."], ["20260301", "This report provides a comprehensive stock analysis of RTX Corporation (NYSE:RTX), an aerospace and defense company. It covers the company's valuation, future growth prospects, past performance, financial health, dividend, management, and ownership, alongside recent news and insider transactions. The analysis indicates that RTX is trading at good value compared to peers, with strong earnings growth forecast, but also notes significant insider selling."], ["20260301", "This article provides a collection of trade ideas and analyses for PayPal Holdings, Inc. (4PYPL) from various traders on TradingView. Opinions range from bearish outlooks suggesting a sell-off will continue due to a flag formation and recent earnings decline, to bullish perspectives predicting a strong bounce or the end of a correction phase, citing oversold conditions and long-term potential as a digital bank. Several analyses discuss technical indicators like Fibonacci retracements, RSI, and Elliot Wave theory to justify their predictions for price targets and support/resistance levels."], ["20260301", "Barclays has reiterated a Buy rating on The Charles Schwab Corporation (SCHW) with a $120 price target, following an analyst's participation in the company's Q4 2025 earnings call. Management reported that Ameritrade is performing well and contributing positively to net new assets, aligning with Schwab's growth expectations and its strategy to deepen existing client relationships. The company also announced strong January 2026 activity, including $27.8 billion in core net new assets and an 18% year-over-year growth in total client assets to $12.15 trillion."], ["20260301", "Barclays raised its price target on Phillips 66 (PSX) to $158 from $142, maintaining an Equal Weight rating, following the company's strong Q4 2025 earnings report. Phillips 66 reported earnings of $2.9 billion and an adjusted EBITDA of $1 billion for the quarter, and addressed concerns about ethane recovery disruption from new Permian pipelines. Additionally, an executive of Phillips 66 recently sold 7,500 shares valued at $1.2 million."], ["20260301", "Linde PLC's (NYSE: LIN) short interest has decreased by 8.38% since its last report, with 7.75 million shares sold short, representing 1.64% of its float. This decline in short interest suggests a more bullish sentiment among investors towards the company. Compared to its peers, Linde PLC has less short interest, with a peer group average of 5.02%."], ["20260301", "Wells Fargo analyst Aaron Rakers reiterated a Hold rating on Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) with a $26.00 price target, while JPMorgan's Samik Chatterjee maintained an Overweight rating but lowered the price target to $27. The article highlights challenging investor sentiment for the hardware and networking sector but anticipates robust near-term performance due to pull-forward demand. Additionally, HPE announced a strategic collaboration with 2degrees to develop a sovereign, private AI platform in New Zealand, utilizing HPE Private Cloud AI co-developed with NVIDIA."], ["20260301", "Alphabet's Class C stock (GOOG) closed higher on Friday despite broader market declines, as Google faces a new antitrust probe in Belgium regarding its ad pricing methods. Simultaneously, South Korea approved Google\u2019s request to export high-precision map data with strict security controls, potentially improving Google Maps functionality in the country. Investors are now watching how these regulatory and market developments will impact GOOG stock as trading resumes on Monday, especially with upcoming U.S. labor data and the Federal Reserve meeting on the horizon."], ["20260301", "The article analyzes Horizon Kinetics Medical Etf (NASDAQ: MEDX) price events using AI models, identifying a near-term strong sentiment influencing mid-term neutrality towards a long-term positive bias. It highlights a critical short setup with a 15.7:1 risk-reward ratio and provides distinct trading strategies (Position, Momentum Breakout, Risk Hedging) tailored to various risk profiles. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal analysis, support, and resistance levels for MEDX."], ["20260301", "The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) recently saw significant insider stock sales by two executives, Maria Olivo and David Donnay Rowland, on February 26, 2026. Simultaneously, Morgan Stanley raised its price target on TRV to $310 while maintaining an Equal Weight rating, citing the potential for insurers with strong underwriting despite market headwinds. The article also suggests that while TRV is a notable investment, certain AI stocks might offer greater upside potential."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes JPMorgan High Yield Municipal ETF (JMHI), indicating a neutral sentiment with a mid-channel oscillation pattern. It highlights an exceptional 4.5:1 risk-reward short setup and provides three distinct AI-generated trading strategies (Position, Momentum Breakout, Risk Hedging) tailored for different risk profiles. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal data and offers access to real-time signals and customized alerts for users."], ["20260301", "Barclays has reiterated a Buy rating on The Charles Schwab Corporation (SCHW) with a $120 price target. The firm noted Schwab's solid performance including $27.8 billion in core net new assets in January and $12.15 trillion in total client assets, representing 18% growth year-over-year. Management also addressed the successful transition of Ameritrade clients, which are performing as expected."], ["20260301", "NetApp shares surged by approximately 17% in pre-market trading after the company released better-than-expected third-quarter earnings and provided strong guidance. This article also lists over a dozen other stocks experiencing significant pre-market movements, detailing reasons for both gains and losses. Noteworthy gainers include Nxu, Minim, and Know Labs, while losers include GigCapital5, Fisker, and Scilex Holding Company."], ["20260301", "UBS has upgraded Southwest Airlines (LUV) from Neutral to Buy and increased its price target from $51 to $73. This upgrade is based on anticipated success from assigned seating and extra-legroom programs, which UBS projects will generate $4.25 to $4.50 in incremental EPS by fiscal 2027. Additionally, Southwest Airlines plans to integrate SpaceX's Starlink for next-generation Wi-Fi across its fleet, with installations beginning this summer and expanding to over 300 aircraft by the end of 2026."], ["20260301", "The Schwab 5-10 Year Corporate Bond ETF (NYSEARCA:SCHI) has declared a monthly distribution of $0.0936 per share. This announcement provides investors with information about the income generated by the fund."], ["20260301", "This article provides an in-depth analysis of Ishares ESG Aware MSCI USA Growth ETF (NASDAQ: EGUS), highlighting neutral near and mid-term readings but a potential long-term positive bias that could moderate. It presents AI-generated trading strategies including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, alongside a multi-timeframe signal analysis with support and resistance levels. The report also notes elevated downside risk due to the absence of additional long-term support signals."], ["20260301", "Invitation Homes (INVH) has released its 2026 guidance, projecting 1.3% to 2.5% same-store core revenue growth. Despite a recent share price increase, its one-year return shows a decline, and analysts believe the stock is undervalued, with a consensus price target of $36.886 against a current price of $26.34. However, potential risks include regulatory changes concerning institutional single-family ownership and rising property tax and insurance costs."], ["20260301", "The article analyzes Avantis International Small Cap Equity Etf (NASDAQ: AVDS), highlighting strong sentiment across all time horizons supporting an overweight bias. It presents AI-generated institutional trading strategies for different risk profiles, including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging strategies, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis. The analysis identifies key support and resistance levels but notes elevated downside risk due to a lack of additional long-term support signals."], ["20260301", "CRH plc reported record full-year 2025 results with significant revenue and net income, alongside a 5% increase in its quarterly dividend and ongoing share buybacks. The company also issued strong 2026 guidance, reinforcing management's confidence in its cash generation and capital return capacity. These developments reshape CRH's investment narrative, emphasizing its potential for long-term returns, though investors are cautioned to consider the risks associated with shifts in U.S. infrastructure funding priorities."], ["20260301", "Deere (DE) has seen renewed investor interest after raising its full-year 2026 earnings guidance, reporting strong first-quarter results, and forming a new partnership with Bayer for precision agriculture connectivity. Despite a recent share price surge, the stock is considered modestly undervalued by some valuation models due to its transformation into a \"logistics and robotics monopoly\" focusing on precision farming technology. However, its premium P/E ratio compared to industry peers suggests future growth may already be priced in, with potential risks from tariff pressures and subscription uptake."], ["20260301", "Coherent's CEO and CFO are set to speak at Morgan Stanley's 2026 Technology, Media & Telecom Conference, where they are expected to discuss company direction and priorities amidst high investor interest. The stock has seen significant returns over the past year, but Simply Wall St flags it as trading 62.9% above its estimated fair value and 2% above analyst consensus. Investors will be seeking insights into growth priorities, capital allocation, and demand drivers, especially given the current high P/E ratio."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis of Alps Active Equity Opportunity Etf (NASDAQ: RFFC), indicating neutral near and mid-term readings that could moderate its long-term positive bias. It highlights an exceptional 7.2:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 2.0% gain versus a 0.3% risk, with specific trading strategies for different risk profiles. The analysis also includes AI-generated signals and multi-timeframe support and resistance levels for RFFC."], ["20260301", "Bernstein has upgraded Newmont (NEM) to Outperform with a $157 price target, citing a bullish outlook on gold and positive changes within the company. This follows a recent price target hike by Bank of America and a consensus \"Buy\" rating from analysts. The article also mentions that while NEM has investment potential, other AI stocks might offer greater upside and less risk."], ["20260301", "Wells Fargo and TD Cowen analysts have reiterated their \"Hold\" ratings on PepsiCo (PEP), with price targets of $165. The ratings follow PepsiCo's detailing of its turnaround strategy and reaffirmation of its 2026 guidance, along with management's confidence in achieving 4% to 6% sales growth. The company also approved a quarterly dividend increase of 5% to $1.4225 per share, marking its 54th consecutive annual dividend increase."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Nuveen Winslow Large-cap Growth Esg Etf (NASDAQ: NWLG), indicating neutral near and mid-term readings that could moderate its long-term positive bias. It notes a breakdown underway, suggesting lower levels if sustained, and elevated downside risk due to a lack of additional long-term support signals. The analysis provides specific institutional trading strategies, including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "Barclays has increased its price target for Phillips 66 (PSX) to $158 from $142, while maintaining an Equal Weight rating. This adjustment follows Phillips 66's Q4 and full-year 2025 earnings report, which highlighted strong financial results, and comes despite concerns about new Permian gas pipelines. Additionally, an executive at Phillips 66 recently sold a significant amount of company stock."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the technical signals for the Spdr Nuveen Municipal Bond Etf (NASDAQ: MBND), highlighting a neutral sentiment across all time horizons. It outlines institutional trading strategies including a long position trading strategy, a momentum breakout strategy, and a risk hedging strategy, all derived from AI models. The analysis provides specific entry zones, targets, and stop losses based on current price, resistance, and support levels."], ["20260301", "Wells Fargo maintained a \"Hold\" rating on Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) with a $26 price target, while JPMorgan lowered its target to $27. Analyst sentiment indicates challenging conditions for the hardware and networking sector, despite expected near-term performance due to pull-forward demand. HPE also announced a collaboration with 2degrees to develop a sovereign, private AI platform in New Zealand, utilizing HPE Private Cloud AI."], ["20260301", "Stifel lowered its price target for Credo Technology Group Holding Ltd (CRDO) to $200 from $225 but maintained a Buy rating, based on a 23.4x fiscal 2027 EV-to-Sales multiple on lower comps. The firm anticipates CRDO to meet its increased third-quarter fiscal 2026 revenue guidance of $406.0 million, supported by a 67% gross profit margin. This adjustment comes shortly after Credo announced a collaboration with TensorWave to deploy its ZeroFlap electrical cables and optics in TensorWave's AI cluster infrastructure."], ["20260301", "This article provides an AI-driven liquidity mapping and trading strategies for Vaneck Environmental Services Etf (NYSE: EVX). It highlights a neutral near and mid-term outlook with a long-term positive bias, noting a breakout is underway with potential for higher levels. The analysis includes position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging strategies, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis and support/resistance levels."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Euronav Nv (NASDAQ: CMBT) using AI models, identifying strong sentiment across all horizons but elevated downside risk due to a lack of additional long-term support signals. It provides specific institutional trading strategies for long entry, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis indicating strong signals across near, mid, and long-term horizons."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes SmarTETFs Asia Pacific Dividend Builder ETF (NASDAQ: ADIV), highlighting neutral near and mid-term outlooks with a positive long-term bias. It outlines detailed trading strategies, including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, based on AI-generated signals for various time horizons. The analysis also provides key support and resistance levels, and encourages users to access real-time signals and personalized dashboard features."], ["20260301", "GoldMining (TSX:GOLD) recently released an updated Mineral Resource Estimate for its Crucero Project, which now includes antimony resources. The stock has seen significant returns and narrowing losses, prompting a valuation discussion. A detailed narrative suggests the company could be significantly undervalued at a projected gold price of $4,000/oz, with potential stock prices ranging from $21 to $39/share."], ["20260301", "Uniti Group Inc. (UNIT) has accelerated its 2026 expansion plans by adding data center on-ramps and launching FastWaves\u2122, a program designed to reduce 100G and 400G wavelength service delivery to under three weeks. This initiative, announced on February 18, 2026, aims to strengthen the company\u2019s infrastructure support for carriers and hyperscalers across critical U.S. routes. Earlier, on January 30, 2026, Uniti Group completed a $960.1 million private offering of secured fiber network revenue term notes to fund fiber buildouts and bolster its balance sheet."], ["20260301", "This page provides the latest news, earnings, events, and price alerts for the BULG ETF. It displays current market data for BULG, including its closing and after-market prices. A key news item highlights Leverage Shares launching new leveraged ETFs on CoreWeave, Circle, and WeBull."], ["20260301", "This article reports on a Form 144 SEC filing by Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA). The filing, dated March 2, 2026, concerns the proposed sale of common stock acquired through the vesting and settlement of restricted stock units. The document details the filer and issuer information, the securities to be sold, and confirms no previous sales within the last three months."], ["20260301", "William Blair Investment Management LLC significantly increased its stake in Verra Mobility Corp ($VRRM) by 34.7% in Q3, purchasing 896,564 additional shares to own a total of 3,479,448 shares valued at approximately $85.94 million. Despite this increased institutional interest, analyst sentiment remains cautious with an average \"Hold\" rating and an average price target of $24.75, following recent price target cuts from firms like JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley. Verra Mobility recently missed EPS estimates but exceeded revenue expectations for the last quarter and provided a positive EPS guidance for fiscal year 2026."], ["20260301", "This article provides a comprehensive financial overview of Evercommerce Inc. (EVCM), including its income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow for the fiscal year 2024, along with historical data. It highlights key financial metrics such as revenue, net income, EPS, and analyzes the company's financial health through various scores like Altman Z-Score and Piotroski F-Score. The analysis indicates mixed profitability with robust cash generation but also points to elevated financial distress risk and challenges in covering interest payments."], ["20260301", "Invesco Municipal Opportunity Trust (VMO) has announced a monthly dividend of $0.0625 per share, payable on March 31, 2026. The ex-date and record date for this dividend are both set for March 16, 2026. The trust's investment objective is to provide unitholders with a high level of current income exempt from federal income tax, consistent with capital preservation, primarily by investing in municipal securities."], ["20260301", "Avino Silver & Gold Mines is focused on expanding its operations from one to three producing assets within five years, driven by its La Preciosa project. The company, which produces silver, gold, and copper, holds over 300 million ounces of silver equivalent and sells 100% of its output to Samsung. Avino maintains a strong financial position with significant cash reserves and no debt, and its stock is actively traded on both the TSX and NYSE American."], ["20260301", "Alta Partners LLC has reported beneficial ownership of 1,435,364 Class A shares of Borealis Foods Inc. (BRLS), representing a 6.3% stake. These shares are issuable upon the exercise of warrants, indicating contingent ownership. The Schedule 13G filing, certified by Steven Cohen, Managing Member, confirms that Alta Partners holds sole voting and dispositive power over these shares and that the acquisition was not made to change or influence the control of the issuer."], ["20260301", "This article provides an overview of Best Spac I Acquisition (BSAAR), including its stock performance, financial highlights, and SEC filings. Key financial data includes a TTM net income of $650K and a current ratio of 9.29. The article notes the absence of recent news and short interest data, but mentions significant SEC filings related to stake disclosures and a merger announcement."], ["20260301", "Bonk, Inc. (Nasdaq: BNKK) has announced a robust start to fiscal year 2026, with its BONK.fun platform generating over $1.5 million in revenue in the first 11 days of January, significantly exceeding internal projections. The company attributes this growth to a \"Flight to Quality\" in the market and a resurgence in the BONK digital asset price. Bonk, Inc. also highlights its strong financial position with approximately $29 million in liquid assets, arguing it is trading at a significant discount to its tangible asset value."], ["20260301", "Broadstone Net Lease (BNL) is committing US$62.1 million to two new development projects, an industrial warehouse and a retail development, following a recent earnings update and dividend declaration. Despite a positive stock performance, the company's valuation presents a mixed picture: a narrative fair value suggests it's 3.7% undervalued at $19.43, yet its P/E ratio of 39x significantly exceeds both its estimated fair ratio of 35x and peer averages. This suggests potential optimism for future growth is already priced in, despite underlying pressures like tenant credit issues and higher leverage plans."], ["20260301", "Insteel Industries (IIIN) is presented as a pure-play investment for exposure to reinforcing steel products, driven by US infrastructure and construction spending. The article highlights its cyclical nature, illiquidity, and limited analyst coverage, creating both opportunities and risks. It details how the company's performance is tied to US non-residential construction, infrastructure projects, and steel input costs, making it a targeted investment in the US equity portfolio for those bullish on American infrastructure and industrial construction."], ["20260301", "Artisan Partners Limited Partnership significantly reduced its stake in Calix, Inc. (NYSE:CALX) by 41% during the third quarter, selling 494,486 shares. Despite this, Calix reported strong fourth-quarter earnings, beating analyst estimates with $0.39 EPS and $272.4 million in revenue, and announced a $125 million share buyback plan. Analyst sentiment remains largely positive, with a consensus \"Moderate Buy\" rating and a target price of $77.50."], ["20260301", "Cardio Diagnostics Holdings Inc. (CDIO) is set to host an investor call on February 19, 2026, to showcase its new AI-driven cardiovascular testing platform and provide updates on its commercial tests and reimbursement progress. Despite recent stock gains, the company faces significant financial challenges, reporting negative profitability margins and substantial operational losses. While the AI platform and upcoming investor call could boost confidence, analysts maintain a cautious optimism due to the company's financial fundamentals and market volatility."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Clearshares Piton Intermediate Fixed Income Etf (PIFI), noting a neutral sentiment across all time horizons and a mid-channel oscillation pattern. It presents three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored for different risk profiles, along with specific entry, target, and stop-loss points. The analysis emphasizes risk management and scalability, offering real-time signals and multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "Venture Global, Inc. has declared a cash dividend of $0.018 per share for its Class A and Class B common stock. The dividend is payable on March 31, 2026, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 16, 2026. Venture Global is a U.S. producer and exporter of liquefied natural gas (LNG), with significant capacity in production, construction, or development, and is also developing Carbon Capture and Sequestration projects."], ["20260301", "BlackLine (BL) has experienced a significant share price decline over several years, leading investors to re-evaluate its valuation. A Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) analysis suggests BlackLine is undervalued by 64.8% at its current price of US$35.25, with an intrinsic value of $100.26 per share. However, its Price-to-Earnings (P/E) ratio of 85.61x is significantly higher than the industry average, indicating it is overvalued by this metric."], ["20260301", "Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. by 2.3% in the third quarter, acquiring an additional 375,378 shares to reach a total of 16,617,109 shares, representing 12.26% of the company. The semiconductor company recently reported earnings of $0.01 EPS for the quarter, missing analyst estimates, but saw revenue increase by 12.1% year-over-year to $800.92 million. Vishay Intertechnology also announced a quarterly dividend of $0.10 per share."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for Aurora Innovation (AUR) SEC filings, including 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K forms, and insider trading reports. It details how these documents provide insights into the company's autonomous trucking and self-driving technology business, with examples of key disclosures like Q3 2025 financial results and insider stock transactions. The platform also offers AI-powered summaries of lengthy filings to assist investors in interpreting regulatory records."], ["20260301", "Butterfly Network (BFLY) recently reported Q4 2025 results showing increased revenue, narrower losses, and its first quarter of positive operating cash flow, driven by its Midjourney partnership and Compass AI launch. The company's shift towards higher-margin, platform-based ultrasound and AI offerings has strengthened its investment narrative, though risks related to software margins and cash burn persist. Analyst forecasts suggest a potential 34% upside to its current price based on its projected revenue and earnings growth by 2028."], ["20260301", "The article analyzes the Breakwave Tanker Shipping Etf (BWET) focusing on its impact on rotational strategy timing. It highlights strong sentiment across all horizons for BWET, supporting an overweight bias, but notes elevated downside risk due to the absence of additional long-term support signals. The analysis provides specific institutional trading strategies, including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "This page provides access to BorgWarner Inc. (NYSE: BWA) SEC filings, including 10-K annual reports, 10-Q quarterly earnings, and 8-K material events, offering vital information for investors. Recent filings highlight critical financial data like net sales and EPS, dividend declarations, and strategic moves such as exiting the EV charging business and restructuring efforts. The platform also offers AI-powered summaries to help users quickly grasp key information from these lengthy documents."], ["20260301", "Brenmiller Energy Ltd. (Nasdaq: BNRG) announced that a 7-for-1 reverse share split of its ordinary shares is expected to be implemented after market close on January 23, 2026. The Company's shares will begin trading on a post-split basis on January 26, 2026. This action, approved by shareholders on January 13, 2026, will reduce the outstanding ordinary shares from 5,010,962 to 715,852, with proportionate adjustments for preferred shares and no fractional shares issued."], ["20260301", "iShares Asia 50 ETF (NASDAQ:AIA) experienced a significant 92.1% decrease in short interest in February, with the total short interest falling to 63,652 shares as of February 13th. Institutional investors have made various adjustments to their holdings, with some purchasing new stakes while others increased existing positions. The ETF also announced a dividend of $1.6251, paid on December 19th, representing a 352.0% dividend yield."], ["20260301", "Ambev S.A. (NYSE:ABEV) has received a consensus \"Reduce\" rating from seven brokerages, with an average 1-year price target of $2.6933, which is below its current share price of $3.21. Despite this, Ambev exceeded revenue estimates for the quarter ($4.50 billion versus $4.28 billion) and met EPS expectations of $0.05. The company also recently paid a special dividend of $0.049 per share."], ["20260301", "This article assesses ZoomInfo Technologies (GTM) valuation following Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang's endorsement of AI supporting enterprise software. Despite recent positive reactions, ZoomInfo's stock has faced long-term pressure, with analysts suggesting it is undervalued at $15.00 compared to its current price of $6.21. The article explores bullish narratives based on AI-powered features driving revenue and cautions about risks like privacy rules, while also comparing its P/E ratio to industry averages."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Ishares J.p. Morgan Broad Usd Emerging Markets Bond Etf (NASDAQ: BEMB), highlighting its neutral sentiment across all time horizons and an in-play mid-channel oscillation pattern. It presents three AI-generated institutional trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The analysis emphasizes a wait-and-see approach due to full alignment in neutral sentiment and notes an exceptional 3.6:1 risk-reward short setup."], ["20260301", "Signing Day Sports (NYSE American:SGN) has announced the exchange ratio for its proposed merger with BlockchAIn Digital Infrastructure, Inc. The merger, which also includes One Blockchain LLC, aims to make both companies wholly owned subsidiaries of BlockchAIn. This comes as Signing Day Sports faces financial challenges, with its stock significantly down from its 52-week high."], ["20260301", "Visa is expanding its global payments footprint by acquiring Prisma Medios de Pago and Newpay in Argentina, investing in SoftBank's PayPay IPO in Japan, and supporting Apple Pay's launch in India. These strategic moves aim to keep Visa integrated with major consumer payment flows and relevant in diverse payment architectures, especially amidst increasing competition and the rise of alternative payment rails. The company's focus is on maintaining relevance and optionality across different payment systems by engaging with emerging markets and digital channels."], ["20260301", "This article provides a comprehensive overview of Public Service Enterprise Group (PSEG) SEC filings, including 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K forms, accessible through Stock Titan. It details recent insider transactions and explains how these regulatory documents help investors analyze PSEG's operations and financial performance. The platform also offers AI-powered summaries to highlight key information from the filings."], ["20260301", "Realty Income (NYSE:O) is expanding its global presence and diversifying its asset portfolio by acquiring a $200 million industrial portfolio in Mexico and forming a $1.5 billion joint venture with GIC for build-to-suit development projects. These strategic moves aim to broaden its platform beyond traditional net lease retail, while management's 2026 guidance suggests a measured growth path. Investors are watching how these expansions will affect future cash flow stability, given potential risks like interest rate coverage and foreign currency exposure, balanced against a strong history of dividend increases and earnings growth."], ["20260301", "This article provides an AI-driven analysis for Blueprint Chesapeake Multi-asset Trend Etf (NASDAQ: TFPN), highlighting strong sentiment across all horizons and advising an overweight bias despite elevated downside risk because long-term support signals are absent. It presents three distinct trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014along with multi-timeframe signal analysis to guide traders on entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The report emphasizes real-time AI signal updates and personalized alerts for ongoing analysis."], ["20260301", "BMO Capital and Needham have adjusted their price targets for CoStar Group (CSGP). BMO Capital cut its target to $53 from $72 with a Market Perform rating, citing missed expectations for net new bookings, despite year-on-year strength. Needham lowered its target to $60 from $80 but maintained a Buy rating, noting CoStar's strong Q4 results, broad-based growth, expense discipline, and continued execution of its digitization strategy with impressive gross profit margins."], ["20260301", "BMO Capital and Needham have both lowered their price targets for CoStar Group (CSGP) despite the company's strong fourth-quarter performance and increased bookings. BMO Capital cited missed expectations for net new bookings, while Needham, despite retaining a Buy rating, adjusted its target after the company exceeded revenue and earnings expectations due to broad-based growth and expense discipline. CoStar Group, which has an impressive 79% gross profit margin, continues to execute its digitization strategy and generate double-digit growth."], ["20260301", "Assurant (AIZ) has reported its ninth consecutive year of profitable growth and announced a US$250 million to US$350 million share repurchase program for 2026. This reinforces investor confidence in the company's earnings resilience and capital returns, though the primary short-term catalysts remain execution in connected device and embedded protection, and risks around regulatory scrutiny of lender-placed insurance. The article highlights that Assurant's forecasts project robust revenue and earnings growth by 2028, suggesting a significant upside to its current price despite varying fair value estimates from analysts."], ["20260301", "Analog Devices (ADI) reported strong quarterly results with significant revenue and earnings growth, outpacing peers, and announced an 11% dividend increase. Despite this positive operational news and recent stock gains, the company's shares are trading at a high valuation, appearing 78% above estimated fair value according to Simply Wall St. Investors are advised to consider the high P/E ratios and recent insider selling against the strong operational performance and dividend hike."], ["20260301", "This article provides an in-depth analysis of Invesco S&P Midcap 400 Qvm Multi-factor Etf (NASDAQ: QVMM), highlighting a neutral near and mid-term outlook with a potential long-term positive bias. It details exceptional risk-reward short setups and outlines three distinct AI-generated trading strategies (Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging) with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The report emphasizes multi-timeframe signal analysis and the availability of real-time trading signals for institutional-grade market understanding."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Simplify Multi-qis Alternative Etf (NYSE: QIS), identifying a mid-channel oscillation pattern and a significant 33.5:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 9.9% gain. It provides institutional trading strategies for different risk profiles, including long, breakout, and short positions, alongside multi-timeframe signal analysis. The piece highlights real-time AI-generated signals for informed decision-making."], ["20260301", "British American Tobacco (BAT) is presented as a high-yield dividend stock, but the article advises investors, especially younger ones, to consider the underlying risks, including shrinking cigarette volumes, US lawsuit risks, and regulatory crackdowns on vaping. The company is actively pivoting to \"New Categories\" like vapes and nicotine pouches, with the US market being crucial for this transition. The article emphasizes that while the dividend yield is attractive, it comes with significant structural risks and ESG concerns, making it a controversial deep-value play rather than a pure income or growth stock."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the technical reactions to LDEM trends using predictive AI, highlighting divergent sentiment across different time horizons. It provides institutional trading strategies for Ishares Esg Msci Em Leaders Etf (NASDAQ: LDEM), including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, based on multi-timeframe signal analysis. The report identifies weak near-term sentiment but strong long-term projections, with specific entry zones, targets, and stop losses."], ["20260301", "Allurion Technologies, an FDA-approved weight loss company, is appealing a NYSE delisting notice after failing to meet stockholders' equity or market capitalization requirements. The company plans to use its recent FDA approval as a catalyst to regain compliance or relist on another exchange, expecting its common stock to continue trading on the NYSE during the appeal process. Allurion is actively pursuing various strategies, including discussions with creditors and capital raising efforts, to resolve the compliance issue."], ["20260301", "The Schwab Municipal Bond ETF (SCMB) has declared a monthly distribution of $0.0784 per share. This financial announcement is relevant for investors holding or considering investments in municipal bonds through this ETF."], ["20260301", "AutoZone Inc. is presented as a resilient retail giant in the auto parts sector, known for consistent growth driven by older vehicles on the road and strategic share buybacks. The article highlights its strong market position in the US, catering to both DIY enthusiasts and professional repair shops, positioning it as a stable \"boring compounder\" investment despite lacking the flash of trending tech stocks."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes American Well Corporation Class A (AMWL), highlighting a strong near-to mid-term sentiment but a weak long-term outlook with elevated downside risk. It provides AI-generated trading strategies including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis for support and resistance levels. The sentiment indicates prevailing positive trends despite the long-term weakness."], ["20260301", "This article from Stock Traders Daily analyzes Spdr Russell 1000 Momentum Focus Etf (NASDAQ: ONEO) using AI models. It highlights neutral near and mid-term readings, a potential long-term positive bias breakout, and elevated downside risk. Three distinct institutional trading strategies are provided, tailored to different risk profiles with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels for position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging."], ["20260301", "This article provides a price-driven analysis for Tema Monopolies And Oligopolies Etf (NASDAQ: TOLL), highlighting strong near-term sentiment and a mid-channel oscillation pattern. It outlines three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging\u2014with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels, and offers multi-timeframe signal analysis. The analysis suggests a favorable 10.9:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 3.0% gain."], ["20260301", "The Schwab US Aggregate Bond ETF (NYSEARCA:SCHZ) has declared a monthly distribution of $0.0772 per share, payable on March 7, 2026. Shareholders of record as of March 4, 2026, will be eligible for this distribution. The ex-dividend date is March 3, 2026."], ["20260301", "The Schwab 1-5 year corporate bond ETF has announced its monthly distribution. Shareholders will receive $0.0924 per share."], ["20260301", "This article reports on an SEC Form 144 filing by Alta Equipment Group Inc. (ALTG). The filing indicates a proposed sale of common stock by an individual, with 29,808 shares acquired through a PSU-RSU transaction on February 14, 2026, and to be sold on March 3, 2026. The document outlines the filer and issuer information, details of the securities to be sold, and confirms no sales were made in the past three months."], ["20260301", "Mortgage rates are expected to fall in 2024, driven by anticipated interest rate cuts by the Federal Reserve and improving economic conditions. This optimistic outlook for the housing market, supported by various economic forecasts, suggests a rebound in the second half of the year. Investors can consider housing-focused ETFs like iShares U.S. Home Construction ETF (ITB), SPDR S&P Homebuilders ETF (XHB), Invesco Building & Construction ETF (PKB), and Hoya Capital Housing ETF (HOMZ) to capitalize on this potential resurgence."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Federated Hermes Short Duration High Yield Etf (NASDAQ: FHYS), highlighting a neutral sentiment across all time horizons that suggests sideways action. It outlines various AI-generated trading strategies including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The analysis emphasizes a 5.3:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 1.6% gain against 0.3% risk, indicating FHYS is currently testing support."], ["20260301", "Pomerantz LLP is investigating potential securities fraud claims against Nutanix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NTNX) on behalf of investors. The investigation follows Nutanix's recent financial results for Q1 fiscal year 2026, where the company reported revenue at the lower end of guidance and subsequently lowered its full-year revenue projection due to a \"revenue shift\" and increased demand for flexible start dates. This news led to a significant drop in Nutanix's stock price, prompting the law firm's inquiry into potential unlawful business practices by the company's officers and/or directors."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Ark Restaurants Corp. (NASDAQ: ARKR) using AI models, highlighting stable neutral readings in shorter horizons and testing resistance. It presents three institutional trading strategies: a position trading long, a momentum breakout, and a risk-hedging short, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis and risk-reward ratios. The analysis suggests a potential easing of a long-term weak bias for ARKR."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes J.P. Morgan Active Small Cap Value ETF (JPSV), indicating a neutral sentiment across all time horizons and suggesting a wait-and-see approach. It highlights a 10.5:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 3.1% gain versus 0.3% risk. The piece outlines three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored for different risk profiles."], ["20260301", "This article provides an AI-driven analysis of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital Inc. (NASDAQ: HASI), highlighting a weak near-term sentiment despite long-term strength. It details specific trading strategies including Long, Breakout, and Short, along with entry points, targets, and stop losses. The analysis also covers multi-timeframe signal strengths and support/resistance levels to help traders navigate choppy market conditions."], ["20260301", "Fulton Financial has secured all necessary regulatory approvals to acquire Blue Foundry Bancorp, marking a significant step towards expanding its regional presence. The deal's completion is now contingent on remaining conditions, shifting investor focus to the integration process and its financial implications. This acquisition aligns with Fulton's strategy to simplify operations and reinvest for growth, though it introduces integration and credit risks."], ["20260301", "This report provides a comprehensive stock analysis of BridgeBio Pharma (Nasdaq:BBIO), a biopharmaceutical company specializing in genetic diseases. It details the company's financials, including a market cap of US$12.9b and a current share price of US$65.50, and highlights significant growth drivers like its drug Attruby, which generated $362.4 million in preliminary 2025 revenues. The analysis also covers various expert opinions, risk factors, and recent news, offering a holistic view of BBIO's market position and future prospects."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive overview of Butterfly Network Inc.'s (BFLY) SEC filings, including annual (10-K), quarterly (10-Q), and material event (8-K) reports. It details recent 8-K filings focusing on financial results, executive changes, and significant agreements like a co-development deal with Midjourney, Inc., and the delisting of BFLY's public warrants. Additionally, the page features recent insider trading activities with AI-powered summaries for quicker understanding."], ["20260301", "This article provides a comprehensive comparison of Brookfield BRP Holdings Canada 4.625% Perpetual Subordinated Notes (BEPH) with its competitors in the Real Estate - Development industry. It details financial metrics such as market capitalization, trading prices, P/E ratios, and Return on Equity (ROE) for BEPH and several peers like BEPI, VTMX, FOR, and others. The comparisons also touch upon short-term risk and volatility between BEPH and its counterparts."], ["20260301", "Averin Capital Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ:ACAA) successfully completed its initial public offering, raising $250 million by selling 25,000,000 units at $10.00 each. Each unit includes one Class A ordinary share and one-sixth of a redeemable warrant. Concurrently, Averin Capital Acquisition Sponsor LLC acquired an additional 200,000 units for $2 million."], ["20260301", "Axos Financial (AX) shares dropped 10.8% due to higher-than-expected January Producer Price Index (PPI) data, reigniting concerns about persistent inflation and limiting near-term Federal Reserve rate cuts. This inflation surprise is critical for Axos because sustained high rates can compress bank net interest margins, impacting profitability. The article suggests that while the initial dip appears sentiment-driven, investors should monitor Axos's ability to manage funding costs and loan yields given its reliance on interest income."], ["20260301", "William Blair Investment Management LLC has reduced its stake in Manhattan Associates, Inc. (NASDAQ:MANH) by 17.7%, selling 160,406 shares, though still holding 747,928 shares valued at $153.31 million. This comes as other hedge funds have adjusted their positions in the software maker, and Manhattan Associates recently beat quarterly earnings estimates and provided strong FY2026 guidance. Analyst sentiment for MANH is broadly positive, with a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus despite the stock trading below its target price and 52-week high."], ["20260301", "Global-E Online (GLBE) reported strong Q4 2025 results with increased sales and net income, along with optimistic full-year 2026 revenue guidance and the completion of a significant share repurchase program. This combination suggests management confidence in the company's financial health and growth prospects. The article emphasizes how these positive developments, particularly the shift to full-year profitability, reinforce Global-E Online's investment narrative despite existing risks like trade regulation and competition."], ["20260301", "This article provides an AI-generated analysis of Proshares Merger Etf (NASDAQ: MRGR), indicating a neutral near and mid-term outlook with a potentially positive long-term bias. It outlines distinct trading strategies including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, complete with entry zones, targets, and stop losses. The analysis highlights a 5.3:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 1.6% gain against 0.3% risk."], ["20260301", "Axogen (AXGN) experienced a stock drop despite FDA approval for its Avance product, which offers 12 years of market exclusivity, and positive 2026 revenue growth guidance. The decline is attributed to a wider net loss and increased spending, highlighting investor focus on the path to sustainable profitability and positive cash flow amidst the promising, yet single-product-reliant, biologic nerve repair franchise. Analysts predict a fair value of $37.33, suggesting an 18% upside."], ["20260301", "This analysis of Bed Bath & Beyond (NYSE:BBBY) highlights its current financial status, including a market cap of US$367.8m and a share price of US$5.18. The company is unprofitable and not expected to change within the next three years. Despite a negative outlook on future profitability, the article presents various analyst narratives regarding the company's potential, focusing on e-commerce, digital expansion, and premium focus versus challenges like digital competitiveness and market share loss."], ["20260301", "This article provides an analysis of the Vaneck Morningstar Global Wide Moat Etf (NASDAQ: MOTG), indicating a neutral near and mid-term outlook but a positive long-term bias. It details several institutional trading strategies including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis. The report highlights an exceptional 10.5:1 risk-reward short setup and offers access to real-time signals and customized risk models."], ["20260301", "Banc of California (BANC) shares are down 8.0% due to renewed concerns about credit risk in the regional banking sector, coupled with broader inflation worries impacting loan quality. The bank is actively reshaping its balance sheet through its merger with PacWest, ongoing loan sales, and significant stock repurchases. While the credit concerns are impacting sector sentiment, Banc of California's core strategy remains focused on merger integration and portfolio repositioning, with strong revenue and earnings growth projected by 2028."], ["20260301", "Booz Allen Hamilton's VP, PAO & Controller, Dennis Metzfield, sold 350 shares of Class A common stock in an open-market transaction at a weighted average price of $78.59 per share. Following this sale, Metzfield directly owns 3,990 shares, which include restricted stock units. This transaction was reported in a Form 4 SEC filing, indicating a neutral filing impact and negative sentiment."], ["20260301", "International Seaways Inc. (INSW) shares surged by 4.81% following a strong Q4 2025 earnings report, which highlighted a net income of $128M and an EBITDA of $475M for the fiscal year. The company's strategic fleet modernization, strong financial health, and favorable geopolitical conditions in the tanker market boosted investor confidence, leading analysts to raise price targets up to $90. INSW's operational efficiency, significant shareholder returns, and robust revenue per share indicate a promising outlook for continued growth."], ["20260301", "Avalon GloboCare (ALBT) stock surged after its AI-focused subsidiary, Avalon Quantum AI LLC, joined Advanced Micro Devices Inc\u2019s (AMD) AI Developer Program. This partnership grants Avalon Quantum AI access to AMD's development tools and high-performance computing to scale its AI platforms. Additionally, Avalon is advancing its KetoAir breathalyzer, with plans for broader marketing in Q2 2026."], ["20260301", "Edesa Biotech Inc. (EDSA) stock has risen significantly (37.43%) following positive Phase 3 trial results for its drug paridiprubart, showing reduced 28-day mortality in ARDS patients, and an encouraging Q1 2026 EPS report. Despite historical negative financial metrics like Return on Assets and Equity, the company boasts a strong cash position and is moving towards regulatory approval and commercialization. The positive clinical outcomes, coupled with government funding and bullish technical indicators, suggest a promising outlook for the company's stock performance."], ["20260301", "William Blair Investment Management LLC significantly reduced its stake in SharkNinja, Inc. (NYSE:SN) during the third quarter of 2025, selling 37.0% of its holdings. Despite this, other institutional investors like Norges Bank and Third Point LLC increased their positions, leading to an overall institutional ownership of 34.77%. SharkNinja reported strong Q4 results, beating revenue and EPS estimates, and analysts maintain a bullish outlook with an average price target of $145.78."], ["20260301", "This Simply Wall St analysis of Aveanna Healthcare Holdings (AVAH) highlights its current valuation at 18.4% below fair value, with earnings projected to grow by 24.49% annually. The report details the company's financial health, past performance, and future growth prospects, alongside recent news and analyst consensus. It also points out risks such as interest payments not well covered and significant insider selling, while noting the strong market demand for in-home healthcare."], ["20260301", "This article lists various ETFs that invest in ING Groep N.V. stocks, providing financial details such as market value, weight, issuer, management style, expense ratio, and AUM for each fund. It aims to make investing in stocks more accessible by highlighting funds that offer diversification and potentially lower risk."], ["20260301", "EJF Capital LLC has acquired a new position in BankUnited, Inc. (NYSE:BKU), purchasing 62,414 shares valued at approximately $2.38 million. This investment represents about 1.4% of EJF's portfolio. Despite some recent insider selling and a stock price dip, analysts maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" rating for BKU, with institutional investors holding nearly 99.7% of the company's stock."], ["20260301", "Aspen Aerogels (ASPN) has experienced significant losses, a sharp revenue decline, and an impairment charge, leading to a 59% drop in share price over the past year. Despite analysts forecasting future revenue growth and a shift to profitability, the stock is currently seen as undervalued with a fair value of $6.83 compared to its recent close of $3.12. However, concerns remain about heightened 2025 loss guidance and reliance on a few large customers."], ["20260301", "William Blair Investment Management LLC reduced its stake in Ciena Corporation by 9.9% in the third quarter, selling 267,652 shares, though Ciena remains a significant holding. Institutional investors and hedge funds own a large portion of the stock, which recently saw a 2.2% increase to $348.53. Ciena has outperformed earnings expectations and received a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus from analysts, despite notable insider selling."], ["20260301", "Sierra Summit Advisors LLC has initiated a new position in TechnipFMC plc (NYSE:FTI) during the third quarter, acquiring 24,639 shares valued at approximately $972,000. This move is part of broader institutional interest, with other major investors also increasing their stakes, leading to institutional ownership of about 96.58%. TechnipFMC recently reported strong quarterly earnings, beating analyst expectations, and maintains a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating from analysts with an average price target of $57.93."], ["20260301", "Aspire Biopharma Holdings, Inc. announced a 1-for-40 reverse stock split of its common stock, effective January 16, 2026. This action is being taken to meet Nasdaq's minimum bid price requirement to maintain its listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. The reverse split will reduce outstanding shares from approximately 158.8 million to 4.0 million, with fractional shares rounded up."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis overview for Avidia Bancorp, Inc. (NYSE:AVBC), presenting indicator summaries for various timeframes. It details signals from oscillators, moving averages, and pivots, and includes answers to frequently asked questions about technical ratings, pivots, and oscillator/moving average functions. The content explicitly states that the information is not investment advice and encourages users to conduct their own research."], ["20260301", "William Blair Investment Management LLC significantly increased its stake in Twist Bioscience Corporation, acquiring an additional 235,679 shares, bringing its total to over 4.1 million shares valued at approximately $116.6 million. Despite the institutional investment, Twist Bioscience reported a revenue increase but missed EPS expectations, remaining unprofitable. Analyst sentiment is generally positive with a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus, although insiders have recently sold a notable number of shares."], ["20260301", "William Blair Investment Management LLC reduced its stake in Ferrari N.V. by 8.4% in the third quarter, holding 394,449 shares valued at $191.4 million. Despite this, other institutions like Bank of New York Mellon and Rheos Capital Works significantly increased their holdings, and new investors such as Alta Capital and Teacher Retirement System of Texas also acquired stakes. Analysts maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" rating for Ferrari, with a consensus target price of $476.52, and the company recently raised its annual dividend to $3.615 per share."], ["20260301", "Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals (ARWR) is gaining investor attention due to advancements in its RNA interference drug pipeline, including two Phase 3 therapies and significant partnerships. Despite a recent 1-month dip, the stock shows strong long-term momentum with a 1-year return of 234.58%. While its fair value is estimated slightly above its current trading price at $64.08, its high P/E ratio suggests a premium that could be sensitive to market sentiment."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Goldman Sachs Marketbeta International Equity Etf (GSID) using AI models to provide tactical trading insights. It highlights a neutral near- and mid-term outlook, with a potentially moderating long-term positive bias and elevated downside risk. The analysis includes specific strategies for position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "William Blair Investment Management LLC increased its stake in Royal Bank of Canada (RY) by 5.9% in Q3, owning 1,433,452 shares valued at $211.23 million. RBC surpassed Q1 expectations with EPS of $2.94 and revenue of $13.18 billion, reporting approximately 13% net income growth and maintaining a quarterly dividend of $1.64. Analysts currently have a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating with a target price of $162.00 for RY."], ["20260301", "This page offers a comprehensive overview of StoneBridge Acquisition II Corporation (APACR), including its stock performance, financial data, and SEC filings. Although there is no recent news available, the page highlights significant SEC filings from February 2026 regarding stakeholder interests and share grants to independent directors. It also provides insights into the company's short interest history and days to cover, noting an increase in short interest despite high liquidity."], ["20260301", "This article provides a liquidity mapping analysis for Freedom Day Dividend Etf (MBOX), noting neutral near and mid-term readings but a positive long-term bias. It outlines key signals, current sentiment, and three AI-generated trading strategies for different risk profiles: a Position Trading Strategy, a Momentum Breakout Strategy, and a Risk Hedging Strategy. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal data and encourages users to access real-time signals through a platform demo or free trial."], ["20260301", "Short interest in Direxion Daily META Bull 2X Shares (NASDAQ:METU) decreased by 28.9% in February, totaling 2,912,310 shares, which represents about 13.2% of its shares sold short and a days-to-cover ratio of 0.9. This decrease comes as several institutional investors either established new positions or significantly increased their existing holdings in the leveraged ETF. METU, a 2x leveraged ETF tracking Meta Platforms Inc., recently raised its quarterly dividend to $0.209 per share, leading to an annualized yield of approximately 2.8%."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the volatility of Advisorshares Q Dynamic Growth Etf (NYSE: QPX) using AI models. It provides neutral near and mid-term readings, but a strong long-term positive bias. The analysis includes three distinct trading strategies (Position, Momentum Breakout, Risk Hedging) tailored to different risk profiles."], ["20260301", "nLIGHT's stock plunged 11% after the company announced its exit from low-margin industrial cutting and welding markets, despite achieving record revenue in 2025. This strategic pivot aims to focus on its high-growth Aerospace & Defense segment, which saw significant revenue increases, and position nLIGHT as a pure-play defense company specializing in directed energy. While the stock currently trades above the consensus target of $48.00, analysts see a long-term path to this target due to a successful capital raise and the strategic shift away from less profitable ventures."], ["20260301", "This article provides a real-time signal analysis for Proshares Nanotechnology Etf (NASDAQ: TINY), indicating strong sentiment across all horizons supporting an overweight bias. It outlines institutional trading strategies including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis. The article also highlights elevated downside risk due to the absence of additional long-term support signals."], ["20260301", "William Blair Investment Management LLC recently acquired 1,888,723 shares of CAVA Group, Inc. valued at approximately $114.1 million, increasing their stake to about 1.63% of the company. Other institutional investors also boosted their positions, with hedge funds and institutions now owning 73.15% of the stock. Despite CAVA beating Q4 earnings and revenue expectations, management's cautious 2026 outlook and valuation concerns have led to a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating and mixed analyst views."], ["20260301", "Northwest Natural Gas (NWN) stock has risen by 5.51% following positive Q4 earnings, with adjusted EPS surpassing market expectations. BTIG raised its price target to $55 with a Buy rating, and the company projects strong FY26 EPS and significant capital expenditures for growth through 2030, including the MX3 gas storage project. NWN also continues its 70-year streak of increasing dividends, underscoring strong financial performance and strategic expansion efforts."], ["20260301", "Diageo plc (DEO) remains fundamentally resilient despite declines in net sales and volumes, supported by operational efficiencies, strong liquidity, and effective debt management. The author reiterates a hold rating, noting that while the valuation is reasonable post-selloff, limited upside potential and weak technicals don't justify a more optimistic outlook. Key risks include inflation and declining alcohol consumption, though robust cash flow and prudent management offer some mitigation."], ["20260301", "Artisan Partners Limited Partnership significantly increased its stake in Aramark (NYSE: ARMK) by 166.3%, acquiring an additional 706,677 shares to hold a total of 1,131,501 shares, valued at $43.45 million. This increased holding comes as Aramark reported strong quarterly earnings, beating analyst estimates, and set positive FY2026 guidance. Analysts have responded with bullish price target increases and \"buy\" ratings, leading to a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus for the stock."], ["20260301", "This article provides detailed information about the Cambria Global Real Estate ETF (BLDG), including its current price, NAV, AUM, and performance metrics. It also explains the fund's investment strategy, key holdings, and answers frequently asked questions about ETFs and BLDG specifically. The fund invests in global real estate securities using a multi-factor algorithmic selection process."], ["20260301", "William Blair Investment Management LLC reduced its stake in FTAI Aviation Ltd. by 30.4%, selling 394,090 shares and now holding 902,875 shares valued at $150.65 million. This comes despite high institutional ownership at 88.96% and a consensus \"Moderate Buy\" rating from analysts with an average price target of $292.22. However, FTAI Aviation missed Q3 earnings estimates, reporting $1.08 EPS against a $1.22 estimate and $662.03 million in revenue against a $710.37 million estimate."], ["20260301", "Balchem Corporation reported strong financial results for Q4 and full-year 2025, with increased sales, net income, and diluted EPS, reinforcing its investment thesis. Despite this, the company faces risks such as margin pressure from tariffs and new facility expansion costs. Balchem projects continued growth to $1.2 billion revenue and $203.9 million earnings by 2028, with a fair value estimate of $191.00."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Tantech Holdings Ltd (TANH) valuation metrics, concluding it is currently in the \"Fair zone\" based on its forward P/S ratio. It examines the company's Price-to-Book ratio, Free Cash Flow yield, and compares its P/S ratio to competitors, suggesting the current premium might be unsustainable given its revenue growth. The article also provides answers to frequently asked questions regarding TANH's valuation and fair price."], ["20260301", "William Blair Investment Management LLC significantly increased its stake in First Horizon Corporation (NYSE:FHN) by 38.7% in Q3, purchasing over 1.4 million shares and now owning 1.03% of the company. Other institutional investors like JPMorgan and LSV Asset Management also boosted their holdings. First Horizon recently reported strong Q3 earnings, beating analyst estimates, and increased its quarterly dividend."], ["20260301", "This article lists companies scheduled to report earnings on February 27, 2026, including their estimated earnings per share and revenue. It details both companies reporting before and after the market bell, providing financial projections from Benzinga's automated content engine."], ["20260301", "Acuity Brands (AYI) reported strong earnings with revenue up 20.2%, but its stock has fallen due to cautious guidance, contrasting with its long-term performance. Despite a recent 19.2% year-to-date decline, the stock is considered undervalued by about 20% and 30% below analyst targets, implying a potential mispricing. The acquisition of QSC is expected to drive future growth and margin expansion for Acuity."], ["20260301", "This page provides a compilation of recent news and events related to CALB stock, including merger announcements, earnings reports, analyst updates, and legal investigations. Key highlights include the completion of a merger of equals involving Southern California Bancorp and California Bancorp, CALB's Q2 loss, and several shareholder updates regarding legal investigations. Additionally, California Bancorp announced its first quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share, payable on January 15, 2026."], ["20260301", "Aspen Aerogels (ASPN) shares have seen steep declines following a reported revenue drop, significant net loss, impairment charge, and negative future guidance. Despite a narrative among some analysts suggesting the stock is undervalued with a fair value of $6.83, risks like higher anticipated losses and reliance on a few large customers could challenge this thesis. Investors are advised to conduct their own due diligence given the mixed signals and volatility."], ["20260301", "This report provides a comprehensive stock analysis of AngloGold Ashanti (NYSE:AU), a gold mining company. It covers valuation, future growth, past performance, financial health, and dividend information, noting that the stock is trading below its estimated fair value with anticipated earnings growth. The article also includes recent news, price performance summary, and details on its industry position and fundamentals."], ["20260301", "BlackBerry Ltd. has seen an adjustment in its valuation and technical scores, moving its valuation grade from attractive to fair despite having a low PEG ratio of 0.12. While the stock's trend is now mildly bullish, short-term technical indicators like MACD and Bollinger Bands suggest bearish sentiment. The company faces long-term growth challenges, with net sales declining at an annual rate of -10.45% over the past five years, even with a significant 100.31% return in the last year."], ["20260301", "This article provides key details about the Sysco Corporation 4.4% 25-JUL-2031 bond (US871829BW6), listed on the Munich Stock Exchange. It includes bond specifications such as outstanding amount, face value, coupon rate, and maturity date, along with an overview of Sysco Corporation's business. The page also offers charting and analysis tools for bond investors."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed stock analysis of Palo Alto Networks (PANW), highlighting its market performance, valuation metrics, future growth prospects, and financial health. The company is noted for its leadership in AI-driven cybersecurity and platformization strategy, aiming for larger deal sizes and improved retention. While analysts predict growth, concerns about shareholder dilution and insider selling are also mentioned."], ["20260301", "Philip Morris International (PM) is rapidly transitioning to smoke-free products, aiming for two-thirds of its revenue to come from these alternatives by 2030, with Zyn being a key growth driver. The stock currently trades about 3% below analyst targets and 12.2% below its estimated fair value, indicating a potential discount. However, investors should monitor the progress towards the smoke-free revenue target and remain mindful of ongoing regulatory pressures in the nicotine and tobacco sector."], ["20260301", "Delta Air Lines (DAL) is positioned as a premium carrier, leveraging high-margin business travelers and its partnership with American Express to decouple from traditional low-cost airline cycles. Despite recent temporary setbacks like winter storms, the company's strategic focus on fleet modernization, international expansion, and diversified revenue streams supports a fair value of $80.08 per share. This suggests the stock is currently undervalued and poised for growth towards that target, driven by strong EPS guidance and robust cash flow."], ["20260301", "The Walt Disney Company (DIS) is undergoing a significant corporate restructuring, shifting from a \"growth-at-all-costs\" streaming model to sustainable profitability, with new CEO Josh D'Amaro at the helm. The company reported record Q1 2026 results, driven by its Experiences division surpassing $10 billion in revenue and its Direct-to-Consumer segment achieving substantial operating income growth. With a fair value calculated at $131.50 per share, Disney is considered 19.4% undervalued, positioning it as a compelling entry point for value-oriented investors despite ongoing challenges in its legacy linear TV business."], ["20260301", "Cisco Systems (CSCO) is experiencing an AI-driven breakout, evidenced by record quarterly revenue and a significant jump in EPS, moving past its \"inventory digestion\" phase. The company is positioning itself as essential infrastructure for AI, integrating its Nexus HyperFabric with NVIDIA Blackwell Ultra GPUs and providing a unified security platform with Splunk. Based on a relative valuation model, Cisco's fair value is estimated at $95.70, indicating it is currently undervalued at $79.46, representing a compelling entry point for investors."], ["20260301", "This Simply Wall St analysis provides a detailed look at Copart (Nasdaq:CPRT), highlighting its valuation, growth prospects, past performance, and financial health. The report notes that Copart is trading below its estimated fair value and forecasts modest earnings growth, despite recent underperformance compared to its industry and the broader market. It also touches on recent company news, including earnings reports and analyst price target adjustments."], ["20260301", "This Simply Wall St analysis of Church & Dwight (NYSE:CHD) provides a detailed overview of the company's financial health, performance, and future outlook. It highlights that CHD is trading below its fair value estimate, with earnings forecasted to grow. The report also covers recent news, dividend information, and competitor comparisons, suggesting varied analyst opinions on its growth prospects and potential risks."], ["20260301", "Adobe (ADBE) is facing market \"AI existentialism\" but financial reports for fiscal year 2025 show record revenue, indicating its Firefly AI engine is driving enterprise adoption. The upcoming Q1 2026 earnings report is crucial; analysts expect EPS growth of 15.8% and revenue growth of 10%, with a target of $440\u2013$450 million in Net New Digital Media ARR, potentially shifting the narrative from AI victim to AI victor given the stock is undervalued by 49.5% at current prices."], ["20260301", "Boeing (BA) is entering a more stable period in March 2026, targeting a turnaround driven by increased production rates and operational efficiency. The company completed its Spirit AeroSystems acquisition and achieved positive annual operating cash flow, marking a recovery from previous liquidity issues. With FAA production caps eased, Boeing plans to ramp up 737 MAX and 787 Dreamliner production, aiming for sustainable free cash flow and a fair value of $249 per share based on projected 2026 EBITDA."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed analysis of Rhinebeck Bancorp Inc. (RBKB) with an overweight bias due to strong sentiment across all horizons. It outlines three distinct AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored to different risk profiles, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis indicating support and resistance levels. The report highlights elevated downside risk due to a lack of additional long-term support signals."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Nuveen Esg Dividend Etf (NUDV), noting a prevailing neutral sentiment with moderating near and mid-term readings against a long-term positive bias. It highlights elevated downside risk and presents three AI-generated trading strategies: a position trading strategy, a momentum breakout strategy, and a risk-hedging strategy, each tailored to different risk profiles. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal analysis indicating neutral sentiment in the near and mid-term, with a strong long-term signal."], ["20260301", "Analysts from KeyBanc and Barclays have issued conflicting ratings for three technology companies: VTEX, Autodesk, and Array Technologies. VTEX received a Hold rating from KeyBanc, while Autodesk was rated a Buy by KeyBanc with a significant upside potential. Array Technologies received a Hold rating from Barclays, with Deutsche Bank also downgrading it to Hold."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis of Trueshares Structured Outcome (january) Etf (NASDAQ: JANZ), indicating a neutral near and mid-term outlook with a moderating long-term positive bias. It identifies current signals, potential downside risk, and offers institutional trading strategies including position, momentum, and risk hedging approaches. The analysis is based on AI-generated signals and multi-timeframe insights for various risk profiles."], ["20260301", "Noodles & Company announced a 1-for-8 reverse stock split of its Class A common stock, effective February 18, 2026. This action aims to bring the company into compliance with Nasdaq's $1.00 minimum bid price requirement. Stockholders approved the reverse split, and shares will continue to trade under the symbol \"NDLS\" on a split-adjusted basis."], ["20260301", "William Blair Investment Management LLC reduced its stake in Everest Group, Ltd. by 5.0% in Q3, now holding 651,474 shares valued at $228.17 million. Despite missing EPS estimates, Everest Group beat revenue expectations and announced a quarterly dividend of $2.00 per share. Analysts generally hold a \"Hold\" rating on the stock with a consensus target price of $363.21."], ["20260301", "This article provides a price-driven analysis for Goldman Sachs Future Health Care Equity Etf (NASDAQ: GDOC), highlighting a neutral near and mid-term outlook with a possible long-term positive bias. It details a 15.2:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 4.5% gain, alongside institutional trading strategies tailored for different risk profiles. The analysis includes AI-generated signals and multi-timeframe signal analysis for GDOC."], ["20260301", "Vulcan Materials (VMC) stock shows a potential 50% upside despite missing Q4 EPS targets, driven by strong operating cash flow growth and its increasing role in data center infrastructure. Wall Street analysts maintain positive ratings, and TIKR's valuation model suggests a target of $458.7 by 2030, based on expanding EBITDA margins and structural demand from data center construction. The article highlights that the stock's current valuation might be overlooking its strategic positioning in the booming data center market."], ["20260301", "This article provides an analysis of Invesco S&P Spin-Off ETF (CSD), highlighting strong sentiment across all horizons and suggesting an overweight bias despite elevated downside risk due to a lack of long-term support signals. It outlines three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored to different risk profiles, offering specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The report also details multi-timeframe signal analysis and provides access to real-time signals, institutional-grade analysis, and personalized alerts for subscribers."], ["20260301", "This article provides an algorithmic analysis of Horizon Kinetics Blockchain Development Etf (NASDAQ: BCDF), indicating strong near-term sentiment with a potential long-term positive bias. It details several AI-generated trading strategies, including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis. The report highlights an exceptional 19.3:1 risk-reward setup, targeting a 5.5% gain versus 0.3% risk."], ["20260301", "This article provides an analysis of Residential Reit Etf (HAUS), highlighting a near-term strong sentiment but a neutral mid and long-term outlook. It identifies elevated downside risk due to a lack of long-term support and offers institutional trading strategies including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis. The report also features AI-generated signals for support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Proshares Ultrashort Industrials -2x Shares (NYSE: SIJ), noting a near-term neutral sentiment suggesting a pause in mid and long-term weakness, alongside an exceptional 45.5:1 risk-reward setup. It outlines three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored for different risk profiles, emphasizing risk management and offering multi-timeframe signal analysis for SIJ."], ["20260301", "This article provides an in-depth analysis of the Virtus Stone Harbor Emerging Markets High Yield Bond Etf (NASDAQ: VEMY), highlighting neutral near and mid-term readings but a positive long-term bias. It outlines an exceptional 5.1:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 1.4% gain versus a 0.3% risk. The analysis also details three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored for different risk profiles and holding periods, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "The article analyzes Savers Value Village Inc. (NYSE: SVV), identifying a weak near and mid-term sentiment despite a positive long-term outlook. It details three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014with specific entry, target, and stop loss points based on various timeframes and a strong risk-reward setup."], ["20260301", "This article provides an in-depth analysis of Invesco S&P 500 QVM Multi-factor ETF (QVML), highlighting neutral near and mid-term readings but maintaining a long-term positive bias. It presents AI-generated trading strategies for different risk profiles, including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging strategies. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal analysis, identifying support and resistance levels across various time horizons."], ["20260301", "TD Asset Management Inc increased its stake in ONEOK, Inc. by 15.8%, purchasing an additional 41,742 shares. This brings their total holdings to 305,522 shares, valued at approximately $22.29 million. Other institutional investors also adjusted their positions in ONEOK, while the company reported better-than-expected earnings and raised its quarterly dividend."], ["20260301", "US Bancorp DE significantly increased its stake in HSBC Holdings plc by 37.3% during the third quarter, acquiring an additional 40,995 shares and bringing its total holdings to 150,996 shares valued at $10.718 million. This acquisition occurred amidst HSBC's announcement of a substantial quarterly dividend hike to $2.25 per share, implying a 9.7% annualized yield, and strong quarterly earnings that surpassed analyst expectations. Institutional investors and hedge funds collectively own 1.48% of HSBC's stock, which has a consensus \"Moderate Buy\" rating and a target price of $63.00."], ["20260301", "TD Asset Management Inc. reduced its stake in Fortive Corporation (NYSE:FTV) by 43.9%, selling 358,609 shares, leaving them with 457,435 shares valued at approximately $22.41 million. This comes as Fortive reported beating quarterly EPS estimates and provided 2026 guidance, while analysts currently hold a \"Hold\" rating with a $60.85 consensus price target. Other institutional investors showed mixed activity, with some increasing and others decreasing their positions in FTV."], ["20260301", "TD Asset Management Inc. significantly increased its stake in Phillips 66 (NYSE:PSX) by 15.5% in the third quarter, now holding 174,413 shares valued at approximately $23.7 million. This comes as Phillips 66 surpassed Q3 EPS estimates with $2.47 but missed revenue forecasts, and concurrently raised its quarterly dividend to $1.27 per share. Despite mixed analyst ratings (11 Buys, 12 Holds) and recent insider stock sales, the company maintains high institutional ownership of about 76.9%."], ["20260301", "TD Asset Management Inc. has reduced its stake in Hewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE:HPE) by 12.1% in the third quarter, selling 157,642 shares and retaining 1,148,233 shares valued at $28.2 million. This comes despite HPE beating Q3 EPS estimates and reporting a 14.7% year-over-year revenue increase, with analysts holding a consensus \"Hold\" rating and an average price target of $25.29. Additionally, there has been significant insider selling, including shares from CEO Antonio Neri, while corporate insiders collectively own 0.44% of the stock."], ["20260301", "This article provides an analysis of Natixis Loomis Sayles Focused Growth Etf (NASDAQ: LSGR), indicating a neutral near and mid-term outlook but a positive long-term bias. It outlines distinct AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored for various risk profiles, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis for support and resistance levels. The report emphasizes the absence of clear price positioning signals and highlights elevated downside risk."], ["20260301", "Goldman Sachs analyst Thiago Bortoluci maintained a Sell rating on Ambev SA (ABEV) with a price target of $2.35. This rating is contrary to the general Street consensus which suggests a Hold rating with a $3.12 average price target. Ambev SA recently reported quarterly revenue of $24.81 billion and a net profit of $4.35 billion for the quarter ending December 31, a decrease from the previous year."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis of Proshares Ultra Industrials 2x Shares (NYSE: UXI) for March 1, 2026, indicating a near-term neutral sentiment amidst mid and long-term strength. It highlights a stall in price positioning and elevated downside risk due to a lack of long-term support signals. The analysis also outlines specific institutional trading strategies, including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, with defined entry, target, and stop-loss levels."], ["20260301", "TD Asset Management Inc. significantly reduced its stake in Endeavour Silver Corporation ($EXK) by 24.6% in the third quarter of 2025. This reduction contrasts with several other institutional investors, such as Vanguard Group Inc. and Alps Advisors Inc., which substantially increased their holdings in the mining company during the same period. Despite mixed institutional activity and a recent earnings miss, analysts generally maintain a \"Buy\" rating for Endeavour Silver with an average target price of $13.88."], ["20260301", "This article provides the book value per share for ASGN Incorporated, traded on the Munich Stock Exchange under the ticker MUN:OA2. It is a financial data point from TradingView, which aggregates market and reference data from various providers like ICE Data Services and FactSet. The page is primarily a data placeholder within a financial information platform."], ["20260301", "Vanguard Group Inc. reduced its stake in LTC Properties, Inc. by 0.7% in the third quarter, selling 51,811 shares but still owning over 15% of the company worth $262.2 million. Despite Vanguard's sell-off, LTC Properties reported strong quarterly earnings, beating consensus estimates, and declared a monthly dividend with a 5.7% yield. Notably, a company executive, David M. Boitano, increased his personal stake in LTC by 64% through a significant share purchase."], ["20260301", "Westwood Holdings Group Inc (NYSE:WHG) declared a quarterly dividend of $0.15 per share, payable on April 1st to shareholders of record on March 3rd, resulting in an approximate 3.5% yield. The company's stock trades near $16.95, with a market cap of $159.45 million, and insiders own about 8.2% of the stock. CEO Brian O. Casey recently sold 8,341 shares, reducing his holdings by 1.67%."], ["20260301", "Baosheng Media Group Holdings Limited (NASDAQ:BAOS) experienced a 28.2% decrease in short interest in February, falling to 13,738 shares. This represents a short-interest ratio of 1.0 days based on average daily volume. The company's stock opened at $2.69 on Friday, with a 50-day moving average of $2.84, and a \"Sell\" consensus rating from analysts."], ["20260301", "Royce & Associates LP reduced its stake in UFP Industries (NASDAQ:UFPI) by 2.3% in the third quarter, selling 17,748 shares and retaining 768,374 shares valued at $71.84 million. This sale made UFPI the firm's 12th largest holding. Concurrently, UFP Industries reported a quarterly EPS miss ($0.70 vs. $1.03 expected) and a 9% year-over-year revenue decline, though it increased its quarterly dividend to $0.36."], ["20260301", "Unum Group, a small-cap insurance company, has undergone a valuation adjustment, with its current stock price at $72.48, reflecting a 5.09% decline over the past year. Key financial metrics include a P/E ratio of 14, a price-to-book value of 1.83, and a dividend yield of 1.57%. When compared to peers like Reinsurance Group of America and CNA Financial Corp., Unum's valuation metrics suggest its distinct market positioning within the insurance sector."], ["20260301", "TD Asset Management Inc. recently reduced its stake in Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd. by 18.4%, selling 119,927 shares in the third quarter and ending with 533,177 shares valued at approximately $23.26 million. Despite this reduction, other institutional investors like Arrowstreet Capital, Mondrian Investment Partners, and Connor Clark & Lunn increased their holdings, bringing total institutional ownership to about 2.11%. Chunghwa Telecom, with a market cap of $33.5 billion and a P/E ratio of 26.83, currently holds an average analyst rating of \"Hold\" and reported earnings per share of $0.38 for the last quarter."], ["20260301", "Gerdau S.A. (NYSE: GGB) reported a Q4 2025 adjusted net profit of 670 million reais, a 0.5% increase year-on-year, and adjusted EBITDA of 2.37 billion reais, down 0.7%. Revenue rose by 0.9% to 16.97 billion reais, with strong growth in North America offsetting a decline in Brazil. The company approved R$4.7 billion in CAPEX for 2026 and declared a dividend of R$0.10 per share."], ["20260301", "Royce & Associates LP reduced its stake in Innospec Inc. by 21.5% in the third quarter, selling 134,888 shares and now holding 492,614 shares valued at approximately $38 million. Two company directors, Larry Padfield and Milton C. Blackmore, also sold shares in February, decreasing their individual holdings by about 10.8% and 9.7% respectively. Innospec recently beat EPS estimates but missed revenue expectations, and the stock currently holds a \"Reduce\" consensus rating from analysts."], ["20260301", "Aveanna Healthcare Holdings (AVAH) is currently trading at US$7.36, having seen a 72.8% gain over the past year. A Discounted Cash Flow analysis suggests an intrinsic value of approximately US$9.03 per share, indicating the stock is about 18.5% undervalued. Additionally, its current P/E ratio of 20.38x is below the Healthcare industry average of 23.67x and Simply Wall St\u2019s Fair Ratio of 21.99x, further suggesting it is undervalued."], ["20260301", "Vanguard Group Inc. reduced its stake in Choice Hotels International by 2.3% in Q3, selling 54,729 shares and now owning 2,304,940 shares valued at approximately $246.4 million. Despite this, Choice Hotels (CHH) recently beat Q4 earnings estimates with $1.60 EPS and $390.15M revenue, and provided optimistic FY2026 guidance. Insider Simone Wu also decreased her holdings, selling 8,080 shares."], ["20260301", "Associated Banc-Corp (NYSE:ASB) has experienced recent share price weakness despite positive longer-term returns. The stock is currently trading at $26.41, with Simply Wall St's narrative suggesting it is 12.5% undervalued with a fair value of $30.20 per share, citing disciplined expense management and share buybacks. However, potential risks like increased credit losses or slowing deposit growth could impact this valuation."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed overview of the Build Bond Innovation ETF (BFIX) traded on the NYSE American. It includes current fund price, performance metrics, key statistics like AUM and dividend yield, and detailed information about the fund's strategy, such as its multi-asset approach combining fixed income and an equity option overlay. The article also addresses frequently asked questions about ETFs and BFIX specifically, covering topics like its expense ratio, management style, and technical indicators."], ["20260301", "BofA has lowered its price objective for Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. (CLF) to $13 from $14.50, while maintaining a Neutral rating, citing a stretched balance sheet and highlighting a potential partnership with POSCO as a significant improvement factor. This comes after GLJ Research also cut its price target to $9.42 with a Sell rating due to reduced demand, and Citi raised its price objective to $13 while also maintaining a Neutral rating, noting concerns about EBITDA and free cash flow. Cleveland-Cliffs, a flat-rolled steel firm, faced a stock plunge after first-quarter 2026 projections showed significantly lower EBITDA than consensus."], ["20260301", "BofA has maintained a Neutral rating on Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. (CLF) while lowering its price target to $13 from $14.50, citing a stretched balance sheet and highlighting a potential partnership with POSCO as a significant improvement factor. This comes amidst other analyst adjustments, including GLJ Research cutting its target due to decreased demand and Citi elevating its target despite concerns about EBITDA-per-ton and free cash flow after disappointing Q1 2026 projections. Cleveland-Cliffs is a flat-rolled steel firm specializing in iron ore pellets and steel manufacturing for North America."], ["20260301", "Royce & Associates LP has reduced its stake in Lindsay Corporation ($LNN) by 5.4% in the third quarter, selling 16,865 shares and now owning 297,870 shares valued at approximately $41.87 million. Despite beating EPS estimates with $1.54, Lindsay's revenue fell 6.3% year-over-year to $155.8 million, missing expectations. The company currently has a market cap of $1.41 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.03, and pays a quarterly dividend of $0.37."], ["20260301", "This article summarizes a bullish thesis on Axsome Therapeutics, Inc. (AXSM), highlighting its strong portfolio of neuro-focused commercial assets and a robust late-stage pipeline. The company has three products on the market, with lead product Auvelity driving significant revenue growth, and expects to reach profitability by 2026. With several regulatory catalysts ahead and strong commercial momentum, Axsome presents a compelling growth story."], ["20260301", "This article provides investment analysis and advice for ATS Corporation (ATS:CA), including trading plans with a buy target and stop loss. It also presents AI-generated ratings for ATS:CA across near, mid, and long terms, noting current triggers. The piece concludes with a list of recent articles related to ATS Corporation."], ["20260301", "Neuronetics, Inc. (NASDAQ: STIM) has filed a Form 144 notice to sell 3,427 common shares, which are tied to restricted stock vesting on February 24, 2026. This filing also discloses prior sales by William A. Macan, who sold 3,485 shares on February 10, 2026, and 14,120 shares on February 12, 2026. The proposed sale of vested restricted shares is facilitated through Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC."], ["20260301", "This article provides an in-depth analysis of Aztlan Global Stock Selection Dm Smid Etf (NASDAQ: AZTD), noting a neutral near and mid-term outlook but a positive long-term bias. It outlines institutional trading strategies including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis. The report highlights an exceptional 13.1:1 risk-reward short setup and provides access to real-time AI-generated signals for traders."], ["20260301", "American Century Companies Inc. has reduced its stake in Axis Capital Holdings Limited by 2.5%, selling 76,274 shares but still retaining over 2.9 million shares valued at about $279.8 million. This comes as Axis Capital outperformed expectations in its latest quarterly earnings with EPS of $3.25 and revenue of $1.73 billion, also announcing a quarterly dividend of $0.44. Analysts currently hold a \"Moderate Buy\" rating for the stock with a consensus target price of $124.00."], ["20260301", "The article provides an analysis of Avantis Moderate Allocation Etf (NASDAQ: AVMA), highlighting a neutral near and mid-term outlook but a positive long-term bias. It outlines three institutional trading strategies - Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging - with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The analysis, generated by AI models, also includes multi-timeframe signal analysis and risk-reward ratios for potential trades."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed overview of the JPMorgan BetaBuilders U.S. Mid Cap Equity ETF (BBMC), including its current price, historical performance, key statistics like AUM and expense ratio, and investment strategy. It covers how the ETF tracks a mid-cap index, its holdings, and answers frequently asked questions about ETFs and BBMC's specifics. The article also includes technical analysis summaries and seasonal trends."], ["20260301", "GameSquare Holdings, Inc. announced it repurchased 543,057 shares of its common stock for $248,319, averaging about $0.46 per share. This is the fourth consecutive monthly share repurchase, with approximately $3.0 million remaining under its current authorization. Since October 2025, the company has repurchased over 3.5 million shares for nearly $2 million, reflecting confidence in its trajectory and a commitment to shareholder-focused capital allocation, enhanced by its Digital Asset Treasury strategy."], ["20260301", "Allot Ltd. (ALLT) reported positive Q4 2025 results, including a shift to profitability and strong 2026 revenue guidance of US$113 million\u2013US$117 million, driven by Cybersecurity as a Service growth. Despite this, the stock is down 38.1%, indicating investor concern or a disconnect with the positive outlook. The company's investment narrative relies on the success of its recurring SECaaS revenue to offset volatility from large telco deals and customer concentration, with a projected fair value significantly higher than the current price."], ["20260301", "This article from Intellectia AI discusses the investment potential of Abacus FCF Real Assets Leaders ETF (ABLD) for 2026. It presents current stock performance data and analyst ratings, noting that zero analysts currently provide forecasts for ABLD. The article includes sections for stock price prediction, technical analysis, valuation, financials, and earnings information, although most data appears to be unavailable or pending."], ["20260301", "Analysts from Truist Financial and BMO Capital have issued bullish sentiments on American Healthcare REIT, Inc. (AHR), maintaining a Buy rating with a consensus price target of $56.60. Similarly, Truist Financial maintained a Buy rating on Diamondrock (DRH), which holds a Moderate Buy consensus rating from analysts with an average price target of $10.31. The article highlights these positive outlooks in the Real Estate sector."], ["20260301", "This article provides financial data for Advent Convertible and Income Fund (NYSE: AVK), focusing on its cash flow activities. For H2 2025, the free cash flow was $3.95 million USD, with the full-year 2025 free cash flow and operating cash flow both recorded at $9.85 million USD. The data details operating, investing, and financing activities, but specific year-over-year growth figures for these categories are not available in the provided table."], ["20260301", "Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in HudBay Minerals Inc. by 2.4% during the third quarter, acquiring an additional 373,399 shares and bringing its total holdings to over 16 million shares valued at approximately $245.4 million. Despite missing quarterly EPS estimates, HudBay Minerals saw revenue rise by 25.3% year-over-year and announced a dividend of $0.01 per share, reflecting an 8.0% yield. Analyst sentiment remains largely bullish, with a consensus \"Buy\" rating and a target price of $26.00, though some analysts recently downgraded the stock to \"Hold.\""], ["20260301", "TD Asset Management Inc significantly increased its stake in Arcellx, Inc. by purchasing an additional 129,248 shares, bringing its total to 232,708 shares valued at approximately $19.1 million. This increase in institutional ownership comes amidst substantial insider selling and a notable revenue shortfall for Arcellx, leading to analyst downgrades and a \"Hold\" consensus rating. The article details recent insider transactions and analyst reports, highlighting a mixed sentiment surrounding the company's stock performance."], ["20260301", "Sportradar Group AG (NASDAQ: SRAD) announced its Q4 earnings on March 3, 2026, missing estimated earnings per share (EPS) by 88.0% with an EPS of $0.012 against an estimate of $0.1. Despite the EPS miss, revenue increased by $101.71 million year-over-year. The company's stock previously saw a 2.22% drop after missing EPS estimates in the prior quarter."], ["20260301", "SM Energy (SM) shares surged 9% following its Q4 earnings report and the successful closing of its Civitas Resources merger. The company reported adjusted EPS of $0.83, precisely meeting expectations, and announced a $950 million divestiture of natural gas assets to strengthen its balance sheet and focus on sustainable free cash flow. Analysts are bullish, with a consensus price target of $30.33, representing a 31.7% potential upside, driven by the company's debt reduction strategy and optimized Permian portfolio."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Ishares Ibonds Dec 2033 Term Treasury Etf (NASDAQ: IBTO) using AI models, determining a neutral sentiment across all horizons. It suggests a wait-and-see approach as resistance is being tested and highlights an exceptional 3.6:1 risk-reward short setup. The piece outlines three distinct trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored to different risk profiles."], ["20260301", "This article provides an overview of the GraniteShares 2x Long BABA Daily ETF (BABX), including its price, performance metrics, and key statistics like AUM and expense ratio. It explains that BABX is a short-term tactical tool designed to deliver twice the daily price return of BABA stock, with inherent volatility due to its leveraged and non-diversified nature. The article also includes frequently asked questions about ETFs and BABX specifically, covering its management, technical analysis, and investment strategy."], ["20260301", "This article provides a fundamental analysis of 20/20 Biolabs, Inc. Common Stock (AIDX), highlighting its weak financial performance with a Fundamental Health Score of -514.9/100, graded F. Key concerns include negative PE ratio, profit margin, ROE, and issues with liquidity and high leverage. Despite trading at attractive valuation levels according to PE and PEG ratios, the company struggles with profitability and growth, and its stock is considered fully valued or overvalued based on price to book."], ["20260301", "This article provides the book value per share for Putnam Managed Municipal Income Trust (NYSE: PMM). It is a finance-related snippet from TradingView, indicating that market data is provided by ICE Data Services and FactSet. The information highlights financial data for the investment trust/mutual fund PMM."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Phinia Inc. (NASDAQ: PHIN) volatility using AI models, highlighting weak near-term sentiment but strong mid and long-term outlooks. It details three trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The report also provides multi-timeframe signal analysis, showing support and resistance levels for various periods."], ["20260301", "Royce & Associates LP reduced its stake in Standard Motor Products (NYSE:SMP) by 19.1%, selling over 250,000 shares, though still holding a significant portion. Despite the sale, Standard Motor Products reported strong Q4 earnings, beating estimates and raising its dividend, but its 2026 guidance was conservative, leading to some negative market sentiment and increased short interest. The company's stock has seen varied activity from other institutional investors, with many increasing their positions."], ["20260301", "TD Asset Management Inc significantly increased its stake in Elanco Animal Health (NYSE:ELAN) by 289% in Q3, holding 1,085,823 shares valued at $21.87 million. The company recently beat earnings estimates, reporting $0.13 EPS and $1.14 billion revenue, and analysts maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" rating with a $27.67 target price. Insider buying activity has also been noted, with company insiders acquiring 43,450 shares in the last 90 days."], ["20260301", "Vanguard Group Inc. significantly reduced its stake in Lucid Group, Inc. by 89.8% in the third quarter of 2025, selling nearly 100 million shares and retaining approximately 3.70% of the company, valued at $270.24 million. This move comes as several analysts have downgraded LCID and lowered price targets, contributing to a MarketBeat consensus rating of \"Reduce\" with a target price of $19.71. Lucid Group's stock opened at $10.00 with a market cap of $3.24 billion, facing a negative P/E ratio and a high debt-to-equity ratio of 3.00, despite other institutional investors modestly increasing their positions."], ["20260301", "Vanguard Group Inc. increased its holdings in First Interstate BancSystem, Inc. by 0.7%, acquiring an additional 64,371 shares to bring its total to 8,833,965 shares, valued at approximately $281.5 million. This institutional investment firm now owns about 8.42% of the company. First Interstate BancSystem reported Q4 EPS of $1.08, exceeding estimates, and offers a quarterly dividend of $0.47, resulting in an annualized yield of about 5.4%."], ["20260301", "Royce & Associates LP increased its stake in Quaker Houghton (NYSE: KWR) by 3.2% to 633,886 shares, making it their 7th largest holding, valued at $83.5 million. Quaker Houghton reported quarterly EPS of $1.65, missing estimates, and revenue of $468.48 million, which was a 5.5% year-over-year increase. Analysts hold a \"Hold\" consensus rating with a $175.67 price target, and institutional investors own approximately 77.5% of the stock."], ["20260301", "Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in MYR Group, Inc. by 14.7% in the third quarter, bringing their total ownership to 1,225,288 shares worth approximately $254.9 million. This move is part of a broader trend of institutional investors holding a significant portion (88.90%) of MYR Group's stock. The company recently reported strong quarterly earnings, surpassing analyst estimates, and holds a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating from analysts, though the average price target is below its recent share price."], ["20260301", "Arbor Realty Trust (ABR) reported Q4 FY25 revenue of US$81.3 million and EPS of US$0.07, with full-year revenue at US$467.7 million and EPS at US$0.56. The company faces a squeezed net margin of 23% (down from 35.6% a year ago) and a high dividend yield of 15.13%, which bears argue is not well covered by earnings or operating cash flow. While earnings are forecast to grow 17.5% annually, revenue is expected to decline by 45.9% over the next three years, raising concerns about dividend sustainability despite a large discount between the current share price and DCF fair value."], ["20260301", "Antero Resources has completed the sale of most of its Utica Shale assets, using the proceeds to reduce debt and redeem senior notes. This move strengthens the company's balance sheet and financial flexibility, prompting investors to consider how Antero will reallocate capital and manage its remaining assets. The stock is currently trading below analyst targets and an estimated fair value."], ["20260301", "Globalstar (GSAT) shares surged 7.6% to $62.28 after reporting strong fourth-quarter earnings and strategic expansion into defense and two-way IoT markets. The company's full-year revenue hit a record $273 million, with analysts setting a consensus price target of $65.67, implying a 5.4% upside. Globalstar's transition to a high-value enterprise infrastructure platform with its XCOM RAN private 5G system and aggressive government/defense penetration are key drivers for future growth and profitability."], ["20260301", "This article provides a comprehensive overview of the Avantis U.S. Large Cap Equity ETF (AVLC), including its current price, chart data, key statistics like AUM and expense ratio, and investment strategy. It highlights that AVLC is an actively managed ETF focused on large-cap U.S. companies, aiming for long-term capital growth by targeting securities with higher expected returns based on profitability and value. The fund also offers technical analysis summaries, seasonal trends, and answers frequently asked questions about ETFs and AVLC's performance."], ["20260301", "This article compiles various trade ideas and analyses for AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. (AH91) from different traders on TradingView. Opinions range from bullish predictions of a long-term bottom formation and potential rallies to bearish outlooks citing share dilution, lack of liquidity, and the possibility of bankruptcy. The discussions highlight technical indicators, market manipulation concerns, and the impact of corporate actions like reverse splits and share offerings on AMC's stock performance."], ["20260301", "This article compiles various trading ideas and analyses for AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. (MIL:1AMC) from multiple contributors on TradingView. Traders present both bullish and bearish perspectives, highlighting technical indicators, price targets, and speculative forecasts for AMC stock. The discussions range from potential double bottoms and bollinger band contractions to concerns about price falling below all-time lows."], ["20260301", "Vanguard Group Inc. reduced its stake in Materion Corporation (NYSE:MTRN) by selling 29,875 shares, bringing its total ownership to 2,355,979 shares, valued at approximately $284.6 million. Despite Vanguard's sale, institutional investors collectively hold about 93.56% of Materion's stock. Materion recently exceeded quarterly earnings estimates and provided positive FY2026 guidance, though insiders have been net sellers in recent months."], ["20260301", "Averin Capital Acquisition Corp. Units (ACAAU) stock is currently trading up by 0.20% at $10.02, contrary to the article's title. The trading volume is significantly lower than average, suggesting buying interest. Technically, ACAAU is performing strongly, trading above both its 50-day and 200-day moving averages, and Meyka's AI assigns it an \"Overall moderate\" grade with a projected 1-month return of +161.48%."], ["20260301", "US Bancorp DE increased its stake in NatWest Group plc by 12.4%, acquiring an additional 78,179 shares to hold a total of 707,430 shares valued at approximately $10.01 million. This move is part of a broader trend of increased institutional investment in NatWest Group, with other major firms like ABC Arbitrage SA and JPMorgan Chase also boosting their positions. NatWest recently exceeded its quarterly EPS estimates, and analysts generally have a \"Moderate Buy\" rating, further supported by a declared dividend of $0.621 per share."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Activepassive International Equity Etf (APIE) using AI models to suggest tactical trading strategies. It identifies a mid-channel oscillation pattern and offers position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging strategies tailored to different risk profiles. The analysis highlights near-term strong sentiment, mid-term neutrality, and a long-term positive bias for APIE."], ["20260301", "DHT Holdings, Inc. stock soared by 7.16% to an intraday high of USD 18.75, significantly outperforming the S&P 500. The company has shown strong performance over various timeframes, including a 72.51% increase over the past year. Despite a decrease in net sales, DHT Holdings maintains robust financial health with an 18.63% return on equity and a 0.31 debt-to-equity ratio, alongside a substantial dividend yield."], ["20260301", "CNH Industrial (CNH) stock dropped 5.8% following its Q4 2025 earnings report, which revealed rising revenue but a significant fall in quarterly and full-year net income. Despite this earnings pressure, the company is intensifying its \"Iron + Tech\" strategy, focusing on precision agriculture, automation, and connectivity. This commitment aims to reshape its business model, but investors are now watching how these tech investments will impact profitability amidst weaker agricultural demand and inventory destocking."], ["20260301", "Yum! Brands is considering selling its Pizza Hut brand and plans to close 250 underperforming U.S. locations as part of a broader business review. This move aims to simplify its portfolio, focusing on more profitable brands like Taco Bell and KFC, and is supported by the company's asset-light, franchise-led model and digital platform investments. Investors are advised to monitor the terms of any potential sale, the impact of store closures, and the performance of other brands."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed financial overview of Micron Technology Inc (MU), including its income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow statement, alongside key financial ratios. It highlights strong profitability, revenue growth, and low leverage, with a financial health score of 78/100. The report also addresses common financial questions about MU's performance."], ["20260301", "This Simply Wall St stock analysis provides a detailed overview of Intuitive Surgical (ISRG), highlighting its market performance, financial health, growth prospects, and analyst sentiment. The article includes key takeaways about the company's competitive advantages in robotic surgery, recent news and updates, and comparisons to competitors in the medical equipment industry. It also presents various intrinsic value assessments from different analysts and community contributors, alongside a summary of the company's fundamentals and historical price performance."], ["20260301", "Ecolab stock has risen 17% year-to-date, fueled by strong earnings growth, optimistic 2026 guidance, and an expanding focus on high-margin businesses like water, digital, and high-tech infrastructure. The company's strategic shift and efficient operations led to 15% adjusted EPS growth and significant operating margin expansion in 2025. Analysts' valuation models suggest a target price of $377, implying a modest 22% upside over 2.8 years, indicating the stock is currently overvalued based on long-term return expectations."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the price action of Ishares Ibonds 2030 Term High Yield And Income Etf (NASDAQ: IBHJ), noting a neutral sentiment across all horizons and a mid-channel oscillation pattern. It presents three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored for different risk profiles, emphasizing a wait-and-see approach due to the current market conditions. The analysis highlights an exceptional risk-reward setup targeting a 1.5% gain versus 0.3% risk."], ["20260301", "TIAA Trust National Association significantly reduced its stake in Danaher Corporation (NYSE:DHR) by selling 83,542 shares, bringing its total holdings to 32,262 shares valued at approximately $6.40 million. This move comes as other institutional investors have mostly increased their positions in Danaher. The company recently reported strong earnings, beating analyst estimates, and increased its quarterly dividend, while Wall Street analysts maintain a generally positive \"Moderate Buy\" rating with a consensus price target of $253.86."], ["20260301", "Nucor Corporation (NUE) has appointed Jack Sullivan as its new Chief Financial Officer, effective March 1, 2026, succeeding Steve Laxton. Sullivan previously served as Vice President and Treasurer and was responsible for investor relations. This announcement follows recent financial news for Nucor, including a UBS downgrade to Neutral and Q4 earnings that missed analyst projections."], ["20260301", "Uniting Wealth Partners LLC has acquired a new position in Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) during the third quarter, purchasing 6,330 shares valued at approximately $1.54 million. This article also details other institutional investment activities in Alphabet, key news impacting the company, its stock performance, and recent analyst ratings."], ["20260301", "This article provides an algorithmic entry framework analysis for Simplify Opportunistic Income Etf (NASDAQ: CRDT). It highlights a neutral sentiment across all time horizons, suggesting a wait-and-see approach. The analysis includes institutional trading strategies with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels for position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging."], ["20260301", "Finemark National Bank & Trust significantly increased its stake in Palo Alto Networks by 34.2%, purchasing an additional 22,500 shares, bringing its total to 88,354 shares valued at $17.99 million. Despite this institutional accumulation, insiders have sold a substantial 260,542 shares, worth approximately $49.9 million, reducing their ownership to about 1.4%. Wall Street maintains a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating for PANW, with an average price target of $211.62, following the company's recent strong quarterly earnings and positive FY2026 guidance."], ["20260301", "Jiuzi Holdings' shareholders have approved a significant increase in the company's authorized share capital, raising it from US$9.75 million to US$97.5 million, allowing for the creation of 1.125 billion new ordinary shares. Additionally, shareholders approved a 1-for-100 reverse stock split to be implemented at the board's discretion, particularly if the share price falls below $10.00, and subject to Nasdaq approval. This move aims to reshape the company's equity structure, with fractional shares from the split being rounded up."], ["20260301", "Honeywell is undergoing a significant three-way breakup, transforming into three focused pure-play businesses. This restructuring, coupled with a renegotiated acquisition of Johnson Matthey Catalyst Technologies and advancements in quantum computing via its Quantinuum subsidiary, is expected to drive a 15.1% EBITDA surge to $10.1 billion by 2026. While Wall Street currently has a modest average target price, TIKR's valuation model suggests a higher upside, anticipating that the market is currently undervaluing Honeywell's post-spin earnings potential."], ["20260301", "Finemark National Bank & Trust significantly reduced its stake in Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) by 55.9% in the third quarter, selling 27,866 shares and retaining 21,956 shares valued at $7.745 million. This follows Adobe beating Q3 earnings estimates with $5.50 EPS and $6.19 billion in revenue, and issuing positive FY2026 guidance. Despite a mixed analyst outlook with some price target cuts, Adobe trades at approximately 15x earnings, and several institutional investors have modified their holdings, with overall institutional ownership around 81.79%."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Avantis All Equity Markets Value Etf (NASDAQ: AVGV) using AI models to generate trading signals and strategies. Key findings indicate a neutral near and mid-term outlook but a positive long-term bias, alongside elevated downside risk. The analysis includes detailed institutional trading strategies for position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, complete with entry zones, targets, and stop losses."], ["20260301", "Okabena Investment Services Inc. has invested $1.47 million in Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. ($HLT) by purchasing 5,645 shares in Q3. This investment comes amidst increased holdings by other institutional investors like Vanguard and JPMorgan, despite mixed market signals including a recent insider sale and varied analyst forecasts. Hilton recently beat EPS estimates and declared a quarterly dividend, with analysts setting target prices as high as $360."], ["20260301", "This article provides a real-time analysis of Proshares S&P Global Core Battery Metals ETF (NYSE: ION), indicating strong sentiment across all horizons supporting an overweight bias despite identifying no clear price positioning signal and elevated downside risk. It outlines three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014with specific entry, target, and stop-loss zones. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal strengths, support, and resistance levels for near-term, mid-term, and long-term horizons, advising investors on potential opportunities and risks."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the volatility of Alger 35 Etf (NASDAQ: ATFV), presenting a neutral outlook in the near and mid-term with a positive long-term bias. It details three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014along with multi-timeframe signal analysis, and invites users to access real-time signals and customized analysis."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes momentum shifts for Victoryshares Free Cash Flow Etf (VFLO), identifying neutral near and mid-term readings that could moderate a long-term positive bias. It highlights a significant 10.3:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 3.0% gain versus 0.3% risk. The piece also details specific AI-generated trading strategies for different risk profiles, including long, breakout, and short positions, alongside multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "RELX plc has continued its share buyback program, repurchasing 300,000 ordinary shares on February 25, 2026, and holding them in treasury. This action is part of the company's capital return strategy, aiming to manage share count and enhance shareholder value. Analysts currently rate RELX as a Buy with a price target of \u00a33700.00, while TipRanks' AI Analyst, Spark, rates it as Outperform due to strong financial performance, despite weak technicals."], ["20260301", "Citi raised its price target for DT Midstream, Inc. (DTM) from $130 to $156 and maintained a Buy rating, citing an investment outlook that exceeded expectations and strong growth prospects. Wells Fargo also increased its price target for DTM to $150, noting the company's substantial demand backlog. DT Midstream, a natural gas company, is seen by hedge funds as one of the top oil and gas storage stocks."], ["20260301", "The article analyzes the technical signals for Pimco Multisector Bond Active Exchange-traded Fund (NASDAQ: PYLD), revealing a neutral sentiment across all time horizons and an exceptional 4.9:1 risk-reward setup. It outlines three distinct AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored to different risk profiles. The analysis emphasizes a \"wait-and-see\" approach due to a mid-channel oscillation pattern."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Pgim Portfolio Ballast Etf (NYSE: PBL), noting a neutral near and mid-term outlook that could moderate a long-term positive bias. It highlights a mid-channel oscillation, a 12.8:1 risk-reward setup, and provides three AI-generated trading strategies for different risk profiles. The analysis includes real-time signals, multi-timeframe insights, and support/resistance levels."], ["20260301", "Quantbot Technologies LP significantly reduced its stake in Watsco, Inc. (NYSE:WSO) by 37% in Q3, selling over 8,000 shares. This comes as Watsco missed quarterly earnings expectations with $1.68 EPS against $1.94 expected and a 9.9% year-over-year revenue decline. The company also pays a quarterly dividend of $3.00, but its high payout ratio of 99% suggests limited potential for future dividend growth."], ["20260301", "Handelsbanken Fonder AB has increased its stake in Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (NYSE:AMP) by 8.7%, bringing their total holdings to 30,020 shares valued at approximately $14.75 million. This follows strong quarterly results where Ameriprise beat EPS and revenue expectations. Despite this, company insiders have been net sellers, and analysts currently hold a consensus \"Hold\" rating with a price target of $555.67."], ["20260301", "Quantbot Technologies LP significantly increased its stake in DexCom, Inc. (NASDAQ:DXCM) by 2,255.5% in the third quarter, acquiring an additional 92,273 shares, bringing its total holdings to 96,364 shares valued at approximately $6.48 million. This move aligns with high institutional ownership in DexCom, which stands at 97.75%, and follows the company's recent earnings beat, reporting $0.68 EPS against an expectation of $0.65, with revenue up 13.1% year-over-year. Analysts maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating for DexCom, with a target price of $85.18."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Direxion Hcm Tactical Enhanced Us Etf (NASDAQ: HCMT), noting neutral near and mid-term readings that could moderate a long-term positive bias. It highlights that support is being tested and presents an exceptional 26.0:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 7.6% gain. The piece also details three distinct AI-generated trading strategies for different risk profiles."], ["20260301", "Findlay Park Partners LLP reduced its stake in AECOM (NYSE:ACM) by 1.8% in the third quarter, selling 18,200 shares and now owning 1,008,027 shares valued at approximately $131.5 million. This comes as AECOM reported mixed Q3 earnings, missing EPS consensus but beating on revenue, and provided FY2026 EPS guidance. The stock currently holds a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating from analysts with an average price target of $130.09."], ["20260301", "This Simply Wall Street analysis of AGNC Investment (AGNC) highlights its valuation at 43.9% below estimated fair value and strong past earnings growth. However, it notes risks such as debt coverage, dividend coverage, insider selling, and shareholder dilution. The report also provides price history, recent news including insider transactions and dividend announcements, and key financial metrics."], ["20260301", "This article provides an overview of Adamas Trust, Inc. (ADAMZ) focusing on its institutional ownership and other financial data. It details the company's profile as an internally-managed REIT investing in mortgage-related residential assets and includes sections for insider trading, corporate lobbying, revenue breakdown, patents, government contracts, news, and analyst ratings. The platform on which the article is hosted offers various tools for financial analysis, including backtested strategies and data on political trading."], ["20260301", "Rafferty Asset Management LLC significantly increased its stake in Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) by 5.1% in the third quarter, acquiring an additional 9,290 shares and bringing its total holdings to 193,197 shares valued at $25.88 million. This move is part of a broader trend, as other institutional investors and hedge funds also adjusted their positions in the healthcare product maker. The article also details recent insider trading activity, stock performance metrics, and analyst ratings for Abbott Laboratories."], ["20260301", "This article provides a fundamental analysis of the Global X U.S. Electrification ETF (ZAP), highlighting its weak financial fundamentals. ZAP received an F grade with a Fundamental Health Score of 25.0/100, indicating significant concerns across profitability, valuation, growth, and balance sheet metrics. Key issues include 0.00% ROE, Operating Margin, Current Ratio, and Net Profit Margin, despite a P/E ratio suggesting fair valuation."], ["20260301", "Maxim Group analyst Matthew Galinko maintained a Buy rating on Xperi Inc (XPER) with a price target of $13.00, citing the company's strong performance and growth potential. The analyst holds a 4-star rating with a 14.0% average return. Xperi Inc's latest earnings report showed significant revenue of $116.51 million and a net profit of $150.33 million for the quarter ending December 31, suggesting a robust financial standing."], ["20260301", "This page provides news and event updates for HKD stock (AMTD Digital). Recent news highlights include TGE's global box office success, NASDAQ 100 decline, and AMTD Digital's significant revenue growth and annual report filing for FY25. Key events include AMTD Digital reporting FY25 financial results with increased net income, AMTD IDEA Group suing Benjamin Eymere for defamation, and TGE's acquisition of Hilton Garden Inn New York City Tribeca."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the price action of Proshares Ultra Communication Services (NYSE: LTL), highlighting a mid-channel oscillation pattern and a strong risk-reward setup. It outlines three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored for different risk profiles and holding periods, based on multi-timeframe signal analysis. The analysis suggests a prevailing positive sentiment near-term, influencing a neutral mid-term and positive long-term bias."], ["20260301", "GraniteShares 2x Long AMD Daily ETF (NASDAQ:AMDL) experienced a substantial 29.1% decline in short interest in February, with the total falling to 3,421,416 shares. This resulted in a short-interest ratio of 0.2 days based on average trading volume. The article also notes recent adjustments in institutional investor holdings and provides key stock performance metrics for AMDL."], ["20260301", "This Simply Wall St analysis provides a comprehensive overview of WEC Energy Group (NYSE:WEC), highlighting its current stock performance, valuation, growth potential, and financial health. The report notes that WEC is trading slightly below its estimated fair value with solid earnings growth forecasts, driven by increased power demand and renewable energy investments. Key risks include interest payment coverage and dividend coverage by free cash flows."], ["20260301", "The Alger 35 ETF (ATFV) is an actively-managed, non-transparent ETF launched on May 3, 2021, and managed by Alger, focusing on a concentrated portfolio of global growth stocks. Currently, ATFV shares are trading at $33.33, reflecting a 4.4% decrease since the beginning of 2026. Major institutional investors include Mountain Capital Investment Advisors Inc., LPL Financial LLC, Mariner LLC, and Vista Investment Partners II LLC."], ["20260301", "Huntington National Bank increased its stake in Global-e Online Ltd. by 14.3% in Q3, now owning 345,170 shares valued at $12.34 million. Various other institutional investors have also adjusted their positions in the company, with 94.60% of the stock owned by institutional investors. Global-e Online Ltd. has a market capitalization of $5.94 billion and an average analyst rating of \"Moderate Buy\" with a consensus target price of $47.80."], ["20260301", "This page on Stock Titan provides comprehensive access to Autoliv Inc.'s (ALV) SEC filings, including annual 10-K reports, quarterly 10-Q earnings, and 8-K material event forms. It details recent insider transactions, dividend declarations, leadership changes, and debt issuances, enhancing investor understanding of the company's financial and operational activities. The platform also offers AI-powered summaries of these documents to highlight key information more efficiently."], ["20260301", "This page provides investors and traders with the latest news and insights on Similarweb (SMWB), a digital data and analytics company. News flow focuses on product innovation, generative AI initiatives, financial performance, and corporate governance. Similarweb reports on updates to its digital intelligence platform, including AI features, and thematic reports on generative AI and e-commerce trends."], ["20260301", "Erste Asset Management GmbH has acquired 50,000 shares of Rambus, Inc. (RMBS) during the third quarter, a new position valued at approximately $5.13 million. Rambus reported Q3 EPS of $0.68, meeting estimates, and revenue of $190.24 million, slightly exceeding expectations. The stock currently trades around $99.66, with analysts giving it a consensus \"Buy\" rating and an average price target of $105.71."], ["20260301", "Monashee Investment Management LLC recently acquired 150,000 shares of Miami International Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:MIAX) worth approximately $6.04 million, making it their ninth-largest holding. This new investment, alongside others from institutional investors like Vanguard, highlights growing interest in MIAX. Despite beating quarterly earnings expectations, analysts maintain a consensus \"Hold\" rating with an average target price of $48.00 against its current trading price of around $42.64."], ["20260301", "This article provides an in-depth analysis of Ft Vest U.s. Equity Moderate Buffer Etf - June (NASDAQ: GJUN), highlighting a neutral near and mid-term outlook with a potentially moderating long-term positive bias. It identifies a mid-channel oscillation and an exceptional 7.1:1 risk-reward setup, targeting a 2.0% gain versus 0.3% risk. The analysis also presents three distinct AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored for different risk profiles and holding periods, alongside multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "Lasalle Investment Management Securities LLC significantly increased its stake in Kite Realty Group Trust ($KRG) by 177.3% in Q3, now owning 2,815,190 shares valued at approximately $62.8 million. This makes KRG the firm's 19th largest holding. Kite Realty Group Trust also declared a quarterly dividend of $0.29 per share, equating to a 4.5% yield. Despite analyst consensus being a \"Hold\" with a $26 price target, Weiss Ratings recently upgraded the stock to a \"buy.\""], ["20260301", "Monashee Investment Management LLC significantly increased its stake in Compass Therapeutics (NASDAQ:CMPX) by 657.6% in the third quarter, bringing its total holding to 1,250,000 shares valued at approximately $4.38 million. This move makes Compass Therapeutics the firm's 17th largest holding, representing about 0.9% of its portfolio. Other institutional investors like Vanguard Group Inc., Vivo Capital LLC, and Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. also boosted their positions, with institutional investors now owning 68.43% of CMPX. Analysts currently have a \"Moderate Buy\" rating for the stock, with an average price target of $13.36, significantly higher than its current share price near $5.65."], ["20260301", "The APRH Innovator Premium Income 20 Barrier ETF - April offers a defined rate of income and downside protection over a one-year period, specifically aiming to provide a barrier against 20% of losses in exchange for foregoing upside participation. As of the article date, its current price is $24.86, with an AUM of $24.25 million and a dividend yield of 5.46%. The fund uses an actively managed strategy involving US Treasurys and S&P 500 FLEX options."], ["20260301", "Adams Diversified Equity Fund (ADX) has attracted investor attention following its full-year 2025 results, reporting US$32.79 million in revenue and US$480.65 million in net income. The fund's stock appears undervalued with a P/E ratio of 5.9x, significantly lower than its peers and the industry average, and a discounted cash flow model suggests a substantial intrinsic value. Despite a one-off gain potentially skewing recent earnings, ADX boasts strong historical returns and an estimated 57% intrinsic discount, prompting investors to consider if its current valuation adequately reflects future growth."], ["20260301", "Quantbot Technologies LP reduced its stake in Brinker International by 41% in Q3, selling 39,880 shares but still holding 57,383 shares valued at $7.27 million. Insider selling has also occurred, with CMO George S. Felix reducing his position by 56.4% and total insider disposals reaching $15.7 million over 90 days. Despite these reductions, Brinker International reported an earnings beat, and analysts maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" rating with an average price target of $188.56."], ["20260301", "Quantbot Technologies LP significantly increased its stake in CareTrust REIT, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTRE) during the third quarter, boosting its holdings by 575.9% to 157,461 shares valued at approximately $5.46 million. This move aligns with a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating from analysts, who have set a target price of $40.18 for the real estate investment trust. CareTrust REIT also offers a quarterly dividend of $0.335, resulting in an annualized yield of 3.3%."], ["20260301", "The article provides a technical analysis of the Volatility Shares Trust XRP ETF (XRPI), indicating a \"Neutral\" overall technical consensus based on various indicators. While several moving averages (5, 10, 20, 60, 200, 250-day) suggest a \"Buy\" signal given XRPI's current price of $8.32, other key indicators like RSI, Stochastic Oscillator, CCI, and MACD are also showing a neutral outlook. The report also highlights key support and resistance levels for the ETF."], ["20260301", "This article provides a price-driven insight for Ishares Lithium Miners And Producers Etf (NASDAQ: ILIT), highlighting strong sentiment across all horizons and an exceptional 42.0:1 risk-reward setup. It outlines three distinct AI-generated trading strategies: Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging, complete with entry zones, targets, and stop losses. The analysis includes multi-timeframe signal analysis and support/resistance levels for various holding periods."], ["20260301", "The GraniteShares 2x Long AMZN Daily ETF (AMZZ) is a short-term tactical tool designed to deliver twice the daily price return of Amazon stock, less fees. It uses leverage and derivatives, making it suitable for purchasers who monitor and rebalance their positions frequently due to added volatility and lack of diversification. The fund was launched on March 4, 2024, has an expense ratio of 1.15%, and currently trades at a premium to its Net Asset Value."], ["20260301", "Siena Capital Partners GP LLC has made a new $2.09 million investment in Horizon Bancorp (IN), purchasing 130,714 shares in the third quarter. Other institutional investors like JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Vanguard Group Inc. also increased their stakes. Horizon Bancorp reported Q3 EPS of $0.53, beating estimates, but missed revenue expectations."], ["20260301", "Goldman Sachs analyst Thiago Bortoluci has maintained a \"Sell\" rating on Ambev SA (ABEV.US) but raised the target price from $1.95 to $2.35. TipRanks data indicates that Bortoluci has a 58.3% success rate with an average return of 1.9% over the past year. The information provided is for informational purposes only and does not constitute investment advice."], ["20260301", "This article from Stock Traders Daily discusses precision trading strategies for the Invesco Esg Nasdaq Next Gen 100 Etf (QQJG) using AI models. It outlines institutional trading strategies including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis. The piece emphasizes risk management and offers access to real-time signals and personalized alerts for subscribers."], ["20260301", "Bleichmar Fonti & Auld LLP has filed a securities fraud class action lawsuit against NuScale Power Corporation and its executives, alleging misrepresentations about ENTRA1 Energy LLC led to a 12.4% stock drop. Investors who suffered losses are urged to act before the April 20, 2026 deadline to be appointed lead plaintiff. The lawsuit claims NuScale touted ENTRA1's capabilities despite it having no significant experience in building or financing nuclear power projects."], ["20260301", "Quantbot Technologies LP significantly increased its stake in CVR Energy Inc. by 3,180.1% in Q3, now holding 139,406 shares valued at approximately $5.09 million. Institutional investors own 98.88% of CVR Energy, and Carl C. Icahn recently increased his holdings. Despite a consensus \"Strong Sell\" rating from analysts, CVR Energy announced a quarterly dividend of $0.37 and reported Q3 EPS that beat estimates."], ["20260301", "Interstate Power and Light Company (IPL), a subsidiary of Alliant Energy Corporation, announced the pricing of a public offering of $300 million in 5.600% senior debentures due in 2055. The proceeds will be used to reduce outstanding capital under its receivables program, outstanding commercial paper, and/or for general corporate purposes. The offering is expected to close on September 11, 2025, and was marketed through a group of underwriters including KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. and PNC Capital Markets LLC."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the behavioral patterns and institutional flows for First Trust Active Factor Large Cap Etf (NASDAQ: AFLG), providing key findings from AI models. It identifies a current neutral sentiment with a potential long-term positive bias and outlines three distinct trading strategies for various risk profiles. The analysis includes a mid-channel oscillation pattern, risk-reward short setup targets, and multi-timeframe signal analysis with support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "BCE Inc, Canada's largest telecom, has cut its dividend for the first time in 15 years and announced significant layoffs, prompting reconsideration for US investors. This move shifts BCE from a \"yield-at-all-costs\" strategy to one focused on balance sheet protection and reinvestment, driven by rising interest costs, declining legacy media, and a tougher regulatory environment. While painful for long-time income investors, it could pave the way for a more sustainable capital allocation strategy, inviting comparison to US peers like AT&T and Verizon who have undergone similar resets."], ["20260301", "The article provides a detailed overview and chart information for the Innovator Equity Defined Protection ETF - 2 Yr to October 2026 (AOCT). It includes key statistics such as Assets Under Management (AUM) of $70.19 million, expense ratio of 0.79%, and its inception date of October 1, 2024. The fund is actively managed and does not pay dividends."], ["20260301", "Handelsbanken Fonder AB significantly increased its stake in Himax Technologies (NASDAQ:HIMX) by 1,598.3% in the third quarter, acquiring over 1.6 million additional shares. This boosted their total holdings to 1,752,432 shares, representing approximately 1.00% of the company, valued at $15.47 million. Despite the increased institutional interest, Himax currently holds an average \"Hold\" rating from analysts with an average price target of $8.00, while the stock recently traded around $7.28 after reporting in-line EPS and a revenue decline."], ["20260301", "cbdMD Inc (YCBD) is currently considered overvalued, with its forward PS ratio of 0.56 significantly higher than its five-year average of -3.92. The fair price for YCBD is estimated to be between $0.16 and $0.59, making its current price of $0.77 about 31.06% overvalued. Additionally, YCBD's P/S ratio of 0.56 is 500% above the industry average, which, combined with a revenue growth of -1.89%, suggests this premium is unsustainable."], ["20260301", "Bleichmar Fonti & Auld LLP has filed a class action lawsuit against Fermi Inc. following a 33% stock drop due to alleged misstatements regarding tenant demand and funding for its Project Matador. Investors who suffered losses after purchasing Fermi stock (NASDAQ: FRMI) are encouraged to contact BFA Law before the March 6, 2026, lead plaintiff deadline. The lawsuit claims Fermi overstated demand and misrepresented an agreement with a \"First Tenant,\" whose termination of an advance agreement led to the significant stock decline."], ["20260301", "Collegium Pharmaceutical (COLL) experienced stock pressure following mixed Q4 2025 results, with earnings and revenue missing some analyst estimates, despite the company reaffirming and slightly raising its 2026 guidance. While the stock has seen short-term declines, long-term investors have been rewarded. The company is considered undervalued by its widely followed narrative, but a P/E ratio higher than peers suggests potential risk if growth expectations are not met."], ["20260301", "Sionna Therapeutics (NASDAQ: SION) has filed an S-3 shelf registration statement for an \"at-the-market\" (ATM) sales agreement, allowing it to offer and sell up to $250 million of common stock through Leerink Partners as its sales agent. The company plans to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including funding working capital, capital expenditures, and operating expenses related to the research, development, and potential commercialization of its product candidates, as well as potential acquisitions or investments. This ATM program provides financing flexibility, with Leerink Partners earning up to a 3.0% commission on gross sales, and the actual number of shares sold and proceeds will depend on market conditions."], ["20260301", "SFS Corp, an entity connected to UWM Holdings Corp (NYSE: UWMC) CEO Mat Ishbia, sold a total of 1,265,748 Class A Common Stock shares on February 24 and February 25, 2026, under a Rule 10b5-1 plan. The sales occurred at weighted average prices of $4.51 and $4.03 per share, respectively. Following these transactions, SFS Corp holds 3,330,659 Class A shares, while Mat Ishbia directly holds an additional 279,989 Class A shares and 180,737 Restricted Stock Units."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed overview of the Matthews Asia Dividend Active ETF (ADVE), including its current price, performance, key statistics like AUM and expense ratio, and investment strategy. It highlights ADVE's focus on dividend-paying Asian companies to achieve total return with an emphasis on current income. The article also includes technical analysis, seasonal trends, and frequently asked questions about ETFs and ADVE specifically."], ["20260301", "Erste Asset Management GmbH has acquired a new position of 167,700 shares in Tetra Tech, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTEK), valued at approximately $5.64 million, representing about 0.06% of the company. Other institutional investors like Goldman Sachs and AQR Capital Management also significantly increased their stakes in Tetra Tech. The company reported strong quarterly earnings, beating analyst estimates, and announced a quarterly dividend, while analysts maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" rating with a consensus target price of $42.60."], ["20260301", "The AGMI Themes Silver Miners ETF (NASDAQ:AGMI) invests in companies primarily involved in silver mining, tracking the STOXX Global Silver Mining Index. The fund, established on May 3, 2024, has assets under management of $19.25 million and an expense ratio of 0.35%. It currently trades at $89.66, having increased by 2.26% in the last 24 hours, and pays dividends with a 2.36% yield."], ["20260301", "Acadia Pharmaceuticals (ACAD) reported impressive financial results for FY 2025, with Q4 revenue of US$284 million and basic EPS of US$1.62. The company achieved net profit margins of 36.5% over the last year, a significant increase from 23.6% the prior year, leading to 72.7% earnings growth. While analysts expect more moderate forward growth of around 8.2% annually, the P/E ratio of 10.7x suggests an undervaluation compared to the industry average and a discounted cash flow fair value of US$148.13."], ["20260301", "Universal Display Corp. (UDC) has seen a revision in its stock evaluation, with its stock price at $107.06. The company has faced significant challenges over the past year, including a 33.75% decline, while broader market indices performed better. Various technical indicators suggest a prevailing bearish sentiment regarding UDC's performance, contrasting sharply with the S&P 500's gains over the same period."], ["20260301", "Cathay General Bancorp (CATY) experienced a 7.1% drop in its stock price due to intensified concerns over commercial real estate credit risk, exacerbated by rising inflation data. This comes as the bank faces flat sales and declining earnings per share, raising questions about its profitability. Despite a recent dividend increase, investors are worried about asset quality, particularly within its concentrated commercial real estate loan portfolio."], ["20260301", "Monashee Investment Management LLC has initiated a new position in Corebridge Financial, Inc. (NYSE:CRBG), purchasing 200,000 shares valued at approximately $6.41 million, making it their sixth-largest holding. This investment comes as Corebridge Financial recently reported stronger-than-expected quarterly earnings and increased its quarterly dividend. Despite this, the stock opened lower, and analysts currently hold a consensus \"Hold\" rating with an average price target of $37.50."], ["20260301", "Quantbot Technologies LP recently made a significant investment in Corebridge Financial (NYSE: CRBG), purchasing 167,815 shares valued at approximately $5.38 million. This move is part of broader institutional interest, with Vanguard Group Inc. and other significant investors also increasing their stakes, bringing institutional ownership to about 98.25%. Despite Corebridge beating quarterly earnings and revenue estimates, its shares saw a 7.4% drop at opening, yet the company raised its quarterly dividend to $0.25 per share, offering a 3.9% yield."], ["20260301", "This page provides the latest news and financial data for the XBTY ETF, including its current price, dividend announcements, and related news articles. Recent news highlights include analysts dismissing a Bitcoin dump theory and GraniteShares YieldBOOST Bitcoin ETF declaring multiple dividends."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis and stock price forecast for Meiwu Technology Co Ltd (WNW.O). It indicates a \"Strong Buy\" consensus based on various technical indicators, including moving averages and oscillators. The analysis details support and resistance levels, RSI, MACD, and performance relative to key moving averages."], ["20260301", "Worthington Steel (WS) is actively pursuing growth through strategic acquisitions, most notably its tender offer to acquire Kloeckner & Co for EUR11 per share, valued at $2.4 billion. This acquisition is expected to nearly triple Worthington Steel's sales to approximately $9.5 billion, making it the second-largest steel service center in North America, and is projected to be substantially accretive to EPS within the first year. KeyBanc holds an Overweight rating on Worthington Steel, anticipating significant upside potential if the integration proceeds successfully."], ["20260301", "Six Flags Entertainment Corp. reported strong net sales of USD 2,898.23 million for the quarter ending December 2025, but experienced a significant net loss of USD -73.13 million. The company faces high financial leverage, operational inefficiencies, and a challenging market performance with a one-year return of -63.54%. These factors have led to a revision in the stock's evaluation."], ["20260301", "Wave Life Sciences (WVE) reported mixed Q4 2025 results, with falling revenue and increased net loss, yet highlighted positive interim obesity and alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency data. The company's cash position of US$602.10 million is projected to fund operations into 2028, and an expanded collaboration with GSK could yield up to US$2.80 billion, supporting its RNA-based pipeline despite widening net losses and dependence on future fundraising. The investment narrative largely depends on the success of upcoming WVE-007 obesity and WVE-006 AATD data readouts."], ["20260301", "Clean Energy Transition LLP has acquired 513,442 shares of AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) during the third quarter, making the construction company a significant part of its portfolio. This new position, valued at approximately $47.98 million, represents about 3.5% of the fund's holdings and positions AAON as its 10th-largest investment. Analysts generally recommend AAON with a \"Moderate Buy\" rating, and institutional investors collectively own 70.81% of the company's stock."], ["20260301", "Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its holdings in Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALNY) by 8.1% in the third quarter, acquiring an additional 9,002 shares and bringing its total stake to 120,787 shares valued at approximately $55.08 million. This comes despite Alnylam missing quarterly earnings and revenue expectations, though its revenue saw an 84.9% year-over-year increase. The biopharmaceutical company currently has a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating from analysts with an average price target of $477.96, while insider selling activity has also been noted."], ["20260301", "Quantbot Technologies LP significantly increased its stake in Karman Holdings Inc. (NYSE:KRMN) by 221.2% in Q3, purchasing an additional 52,280 shares to bring its total holding to 75,914 shares valued at approximately $5.48 million. Several other institutional investors, including Lexington Partners and Vanguard Group Inc., also showed significant accumulation in Karman shares. The stock currently trades around $87.98, has a market cap of $11.64 billion, and analysts have a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating with an average target price of $103.33."], ["20260301", "Lasalle Investment Management Securities LLC significantly reduced its stake in NETSTREIT Corp. (NYSE:NTST) by 58.1% in the third quarter, selling over 2.2 million shares. Despite this, other institutional investors have increased their positions in the company, which recently increased its quarterly dividend. Analysts currently rate NETSTREIT as a \"Moderate Buy\" with an average target price of $20.64, though the company missed recent EPS estimates."], ["20260301", "Select Water Solutions recently completed a $175 million equity raise to fund the expansion of its water infrastructure portfolio, potential acquisitions, and debt reduction. This move shifts the company's focus from share buybacks to growth initiatives, indicating a new phase for investors. While the equity raise provides financial flexibility, it also introduces share dilution, and the success of this strategy hinges on contract wins and infrastructure utilization keeping pace with capital spending."], ["20260301", "Lasalle Investment Management Securities LLC reduced its stake in OUTFRONT Media Inc. by 5.8% in Q3, selling 226,123 shares but still holding 3,699,279 shares valued at $67.77 million, making it their 18th largest position. Despite this sale, several analysts have upgraded OUTFRONT Media to \"Buy\" or \"Overweight\" with a consensus price target of $26.14, reflecting positive sentiment. The company reported a GAAP EPS miss in Q4 but revenue was in line, and management projects double-digit AFFO growth for 2026, also declaring a $0.30 quarterly dividend."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed financial overview of Materion Corp (MTRN) for fiscal year 2025, including its income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow statement. Key financial metrics show that Materion Corp generated $1.8B in revenue, with a net income of $74.8M and diluted EPS of $3.58. The company demonstrates moderate financial health with a low debt-to-equity ratio and robust liquidity, alongside healthy profitability and cash-backed earnings."], ["20260301", "Burke Herbert Financial Services Corp. has had its stock evaluation adjusted, now showing a P/E ratio of 9, which is lower than some peers like Metropolitan Bank Holding Corp. and Northeast Bank (Maine). The company has a price-to-book value of 1.20, an ROE of 13.40%, and its stock returned 7.49% over the past year, underperforming the S&P 500. This analysis highlights its operational efficiency and positioning within the regional banking sector."], ["20260301", "This article provides an AI-driven analysis of The Future Fund Long/short Etf (NASDAQ: FFLS), indicating a neutral sentiment across all time horizons, suggesting a wait-and-see approach. It highlights elevated downside risk due to a lack of additional long-term support signals and offers three distinct trading strategies (Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging) tailored to different risk profiles. The analysis includes specific entry, target, and stop-loss prices, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis for support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "This article provides an analysis of the MAXIS World Equity (MSCI ACWI) ETF (TSE:2559), covering its key statistics like AUM, dividend yield, and expense ratio. It also details the fund's issuer, inception date, index tracked, and replication method. The analysis includes frequently asked questions regarding its dividends, fund flows, asset performance, and expense ratio. The article was published on Oct 6, 2023."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Invesco S&p Emerging Markets Momentum Etf (NASDAQ: EEMO), noting a weak near-term sentiment but strong long-term outlook. It identifies a mid-channel oscillation pattern and offers institutional trading strategies including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The analysis provides multi-timeframe signal insights and details on AI-generated signals for EEMO."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the behavioral patterns and institutional flows for Fidelity Disruptors Etf (NASDAQ: FDIF), providing key findings and AI-generated trading strategies. It highlights neutral near and mid-term readings, a potentially moderating long-term positive bias, and elevated downside risk due to a lack of additional long-term support signals. The report also offers specific position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging trading strategies with defined entry, target, and stop-loss levels for different time horizons."], ["20260301", "Allison Transmission (ALSN) recently announced a dividend increase alongside its Q4 2025 earnings, which showed lower sales and earnings year-over-year. This move, combined with their 2026 guidance including integration costs for the Dana Off-Highway acquisition, suggests a focus on cash generation and strategic adjustments. While the dividend hike indicates confidence, investors are urged to consider the ongoing shift towards electric powertrains and the potential impact on revenue mix and earnings resilience."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive overview of Sana Biotechnology, Inc. (SANA) SEC filings, including 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports. It details recent material events such as a board member's resignation, asset write-downs, financial results, and capital raises through public offerings. The platform also offers AI-powered summaries to help investors understand the significance of each regulatory document and tracks clinical trial progress for programs like UP421."], ["20260301", "Rafferty Asset Management LLC increased its stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. by 5.1% in the third quarter, acquiring an additional 2,030 shares. Meanwhile, institutional investors now own 89.23% of the stock, while insiders heavily sold shares totaling about $56.9 million. Thermo Fisher also exceeded quarterly earnings expectations, announced a $5.0 billion share buyback, and raised its quarterly dividend to $0.47."], ["20260301", "Rafferty Asset Management LLC increased its stake in Paychex, Inc. by 14.3% during the third quarter, bringing its total holdings to 123,353 shares valued at over $15 million. Other institutional investors like ABC Arbitrage SA, GSA Capital Partners LLP, Summit Global Investments, and Alps Advisors Inc. also modified their positions in the company. Paychex recently reported strong quarterly earnings, topping analyst estimates, declared a quarterly dividend of $1.08, and authorized a $1 billion share buyback program."], ["20260301", "Howmet Aerospace (HWM) reported strong Q3 FY 2025 results, with revenue up to US$2.1 billion and EPS at US$0.95, boosting its net profit margin to 18.2% from 14.8%. While this supports the bullish argument for structural margin expansion, the company's valuation at a 68x P/E ratio is significantly higher than industry averages and its DCF fair value, prompting concerns about premium pricing and moderate growth forecasts. Investors are advised to consider the valuation risks despite the positive margin developments."], ["20260301", "Quantbot Technologies LP significantly increased its stake in Fortinet, Inc. by 531.7% in the third quarter, acquiring an additional 66,245 shares, bringing its total holdings to 78,703 shares valued at $6.62 million. Other institutional investors also adjusted their positions in the cybersecurity company. The article also details recent analyst ratings, insider stock sales by CEO Ken Xie and VP Michael Xie, and Fortinet's financial performance, including its latest earnings report and guidance."], ["20260301", "Rafferty Asset Management LLC reduced its stake in Electronic Arts (NASDAQ:EA) by 7.8% in the third quarter, selling 7,634 shares but still holding 89,927 shares valued at approximately $18.14 million. Meanwhile, several other institutional investors, including State Street Corp and Ameriprise Financial Inc., increased their positions in the game software company. Electronic Arts has also announced a quarterly dividend of $0.19 per share, and despite recent insider selling, Wall Street analysts have a consensus \"Hold\" rating on the stock with an average price target below its current trading price."], ["20260301", "Cadence Design Systems (NASDAQ: CDNS) has filed a shelf prospectus to register the resale of up to 3.22 million shares of its common stock by a selling stockholder, Hexagon Smart Solutions AB. These shares were issued as partial consideration for Cadence's acquisition of Hexagon Smart Solutions AB's design and engineering business. Cadence will not receive any proceeds from these sales, which may occur through various methods including brokerage transactions, block trades, or privately negotiated transactions."], ["20260301", "Rafferty Asset Management LLC has reduced its stake in Citizens Financial Group (NYSE:CFG) by 13.7% to holdings worth $18.89 million. Despite this reduction, institutional investors collectively own 94.9% of the stock. Analysts currently rate CFG as a \"Moderate Buy\" with a consensus price target of $68.77, and the company recently reported strong quarterly earnings and a quarterly dividend of $0.46."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Ishares Esg Aware Aggressive Allocation Etf (NASDAQ: EAOA), indicating neutral near and mid-term readings but a positive long-term bias. It outlines distinct AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The analysis highlights a 9.0:1 risk-reward short setup and provides multi-timeframe signal analysis, showing neutral sentiment in the short and mid-term with strong long-term signals."], ["20260301", "This article provides an in-depth AI-generated analysis for First Trust Alerian U.s. Nextgen Infrastructure Etf (NASDAQ: RBLD), indicating a near-term neutral sentiment amidst mid and long-term strength. It details specific institutional trading strategies, including long, momentum breakout, and short positions, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis for support and resistance levels. The report emphasizes disciplined, rules-based execution with defined entry zones, targets, and stop losses."], ["20260301", "Quantbot Technologies LP purchased 37,963 shares of Allegion PLC (NYSE:ALLE) in the third quarter, valued at approximately $6.73 million. Other institutional investors also adjusted their positions in the company. Allegion recently missed its Q4 earnings estimates but increased its quarterly dividend to $0.55 per share."], ["20260301", "The iShares iBonds Dec 2033 Term Treasury ETF (IBTO) has declared a monthly distribution of $0.0758 per share. This announcement provides investors with information regarding the upcoming payout from the ETF."], ["20260301", "Quantbot Technologies LP has acquired a new stake in Textron Inc. (NYSE:TXT), purchasing 75,784 shares valued at approximately $6.4 million. This comes amidst significant insider selling, with executives disposing of shares totaling nearly $30 million in the past three months. Despite mixed Wall Street sentiment, Textron holds a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus with an average target price of $98.60, and recently announced a quarterly dividend."], ["20260301", "Huntington National Bank decreased its stake in Adobe Inc. by 21.0% in the third quarter, selling 4,930 shares and retaining 18,537 shares valued at approximately $6.54 million. Adobe's CFO also sold a portion of his holdings, while the company reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and provided strong FY2026 guidance. The stock is currently trading near 15x earnings, with analysts holding a \"Hold\" rating and an average price target of $392.76, amidst mixed sentiment regarding AI integration and competition."], ["20260301", "Quantbot Technologies LP has acquired a new position of 27,650 shares in Paycom Software Inc. (NYSE:PAYC) during the third quarter, valued at approximately $5.76 million. This investment comes as Paycom slightly beat Q3 earnings estimates with $2.45 EPS and $544.3M in revenue. Despite a consensus \"Hold\" rating from analysts and a recent stock dip, institutional investors collectively own a significant 87.77% of the company's stock, and Paycom recently declared a quarterly dividend of $0.375 per share."], ["20260301", "This article from Stock Traders Daily provides an AI-generated analysis of Franklin Emerging Market Core Dividend Tilt Index Etf (NASDAQ: DIEM), offering insights into its sentiment and potential trading strategies. It highlights a near-term neutral sentiment amidst mid and long-term strength, along with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels for position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging strategies. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal analysis with support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "This article provides an in-depth analysis of the Bondbloxx Bloomberg Twenty Year Target Duration Us Treasury Etf (XTWY), focusing on risk zones and trading strategies. It highlights key findings like strong sentiment, resistance testing, and an exceptional risk-reward short setup. The article presents three distinct AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014along with multi-timeframe signal analysis to guide traders."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes momentum shifts for Bny Mellon Global Infrastructure Income Etf (BKGI), highlighting strong sentiment across all horizons despite elevated downside risk. It presents three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging\u2014tailored for different risk profiles and holding periods, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis indicating strong support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "This article provides an analysis of Virtus Lifesci Biotech Products Etf (NYSE: BBP), indicating a near-term neutral sentiment amidst mid and long-term strength. It highlights an exceptional 17.3:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 5.0% gain versus a 0.3% risk. The analysis also details institutional trading strategies, including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis generated by AI models."], ["20260301", "Graham Corp (GHM) is a small-cap industrial and defense supplier with significant exposure to US Navy, energy, and space markets. The company is pivoting towards higher-margin defense and engineered systems contracts, offering a differentiated risk-reward profile for diversified US portfolios. Despite limited analyst coverage and potential volatility due to its small float, GHM presents an opportunity for investors seeking exposure to US defense spending and energy infrastructure."], ["20260301", "This article provides an AI-generated analysis of T. Rowe Price Value Etf (NASDAQ: TVAL), highlighting neutral near and mid-term readings but a positive long-term bias. It outlines institutional trading strategies including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis. The piece also details how users can access real-time signals and personalized alerts for TVAL."], ["20260301", "Erste Asset Management GmbH reduced its stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. by 25.8% in the third quarter, selling 46,600 shares but still holding 133,700 shares valued at $2.85 million. This reduction comes despite ACADIA reporting a strong Q4 beat, exceeding EPS and revenue estimates, and providing an optimistic 2026 revenue outlook that led to several analyst price target upgrades. Institutional investors maintain a significant 96.71% ownership of the stock, which currently holds a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the movements of T. Rowe Price International Equity Etf (NASDAQ: TOUS) using AI models to inform risk allocation. It identifies neutral near and mid-term readings but a positive long-term bias, and presents three institutional trading strategies: Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis. The piece also highlighs the availability of real-time signals and customized risk models for subscribers."], ["20260301", "Erste Asset Management GmbH reduced its stake in Old Dominion Freight Line (NASDAQ:ODFL) by 52.6% in Q3, holding 16,240 shares valued at approximately $2.29 million. Institutional investors collectively own 77.82% of the company's stock, and while analyst sentiment is mixed with a \"Hold\" consensus, several firms have recently raised their price targets for ODFL. The company reported strong Q3 earnings, beating EPS estimates, increased its quarterly dividend, and saw significant insider selling totaling over $15 million."], ["20260301", "Erste Asset Management GmbH significantly reduced its stake in AMETEK, Inc. by selling 105,464 shares, retaining 15,121 shares valued at $2.826 million. This news comes as AMETEK reported strong earnings, beating expectations with $2.01 EPS on $2.0 billion revenue, and raised its quarterly dividend. The article also notes significant institutional investment and insider selling activity for the company."], ["20260301", "Handelsbanken Fonder AB reduced its stake in IQVIA Holdings Inc. by 28.4% in the third quarter, selling 52,327 shares and retaining 131,989 shares valued at approximately $25.07 million. Despite this sale, several other large institutions increased their positions in IQVIA, leading to institutional ownership of roughly 89.6%. IQVIA recently surpassed quarterly revenue and EPS estimates, issued FY2026 EPS guidance, and maintains a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating with a target price of $231.80."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the price action of T. Rowe Price Small-mid Cap Etf (NASDAQ: TMSL), noting a neutral sentiment in the near and mid-term but a positive long-term bias. It highlights a critical mid-channel oscillation pattern and offers an exceptional short setup with a 11.5:1 risk-reward ratio. The analysis provides specific institutional trading strategies, including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, complete with entry, target, and stop-loss levels."], ["20260301", "This article provides a price-driven insight for T. Rowe Price Growth Etf (NASDAQ: TGRT) for rule-based trading strategies. It indicates a neutral near and mid-term outlook but a positive long-term bias, and offers institutional trading strategies including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging strategies, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "The article provides a detailed analysis of Kraneshares Sse Star Market 50 Index Etf (KSTR), indicating a near-term neutral sentiment amidst mid and long-term strength. It highlights an exceptional 30.0:1 risk-reward setup targeting an 8.6% gain against a 0.3% risk. The analysis also outlines three distinct AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored for different risk profiles and holding periods, alongside multi-timeframe signal analysis with support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "Palvella Therapeutics (Nasdaq: PVLA) successfully closed an upsized public offering on February 27, 2026, raising $230.0 million in gross proceeds through the sale of 1,840,000 common shares at $125.00 per share, including the full exercise of underwriters\u2019 options. The company plans to use these funds to advance the development of its QTORIN rapamycin and QTORIN pitavastatin programs, as well as for general corporate purposes and R&D. Despite the successful capital raise, the company's stock experienced a mild negative reaction, declining 1.78% on the day the news was published."], ["20260301", "DNB Asset Management AS significantly increased its stake in Seagate Technology Holdings PLC ($STX) by 18.4% to 45,948 shares, valued at $10.85 million. This increase is set against a backdrop of heavy institutional buying, with major firms like WCM, Norges Bank, and Boston Partners initiating large new positions, leading to institutions owning nearly 92.87% of the stock. Seagate recently surpassed quarterly earnings expectations with $3.11 EPS and $2.83 billion in revenue, issued strong Q3 2026 guidance, and received several analyst upgrades, resulting in an average price target of $447.35."], ["20260301", "DNB Asset Management AS has significantly reduced its stake in Republic Services, Inc. (NYSE:RSG) by 49.1% in the third quarter, now holding 49,345 shares valued at approximately $11.32 million. Despite this, other institutional investors have increased their positions. Republic Services recently surpassed quarterly EPS estimates and announced a quarterly dividend, with analysts anticipating FY 2026 EPS to be around $6.86."], ["20260301", "This article provides an analysis of Atac Credit Rotation Etf (NASDAQ: JOJO), highlighting a neutral sentiment across all time horizons which suggests sideways action for the stock. It details three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014along with their respective entry, target, and stop-loss zones. The analysis also includes support and resistance signals for short, mid, and long-term timeframes."], ["20260301", "DNB Asset Management AS significantly increased its stake in Baxter International Inc. by 304.7% in the third quarter, acquiring an additional 299,750 shares to hold a total of 398,118 shares valued at about $9.07 million. This increase occurred despite Baxter missing its Q3 EPS consensus and setting a lower FY2026 EPS guidance compared to analyst estimates. The stock currently trades near $20.39 with a \"Reduce\" consensus rating and a $0.01 quarterly dividend."], ["20260301", "ABM Industries (ABM) shares have underperformed the S&P 500, losing 8.9% over the past six months. Despite a seemingly cheaper entry price, the company exhibits slow organic growth, unimpressive 7.1% annual EPS growth, and a mediocre free cash flow margin of 1.9%, making it less attractive to investors. The article suggests looking for more exciting stock opportunities, particularly in the software sector, rather than investing in ABM."], ["20260301", "Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC has launched an investigation into Commvault Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CVLT) following a significant 31.1% drop in its stock price. This decline occurred after Commvault reported its Q3 2026 financial results, which included 40% growth in SaaS ARR but also noted that 60% of deals closed in the last few weeks of the quarter. The firm is encouraging shareholders who purchased Commvault securities to learn more about the investigation and potentially assist in claims."], ["20260301", "Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC is investigating potential claims on behalf of purchasers of Northern Dynasty Minerals Ltd. (NYSE: NAK) following a significant drop in its stock price. This decline occurred after the U.S. Department of Justice supported the Environmental Protection Agency's veto of the Company's proposed Pebble Mine. The law firm is encouraging affected stockholders to inquire about the securities investigation."], ["20260301", "Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC has launched an investigation into Integral Ad Science Holding Corp. (IAS) regarding potential corporate wrongdoing by its officers and directors. The law firm is encouraging investors who purchased IAS securities prior to March 2, 2023, and still hold them, to contact them to learn more and potentially assist in the investigation. The firm operates on a contingency fee basis for class action lawsuits."], ["20260301", "Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its holdings in Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) by 7.1%, acquiring an additional 197,782 shares to reach a total of 2,967,010 shares valued at approximately $51.24 million. Other major institutional investors also increased their stakes, with institutional and hedge funds now owning 80.72% of the company's stock. Analysts have a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating for HBAN with a target price of $20.60, despite the bank recently missing quarterly EPS estimates and announcing a $0.155 quarterly dividend."], ["20260301", "This article provides key financial statistics and ratios for Willow Lane Acquisition Corp. II (WLIIU), accessible through the TradingView platform. It details various financial metrics such as valuation ratios, profitability ratios, liquidity ratios, solvency ratios, and per-share metrics, while noting that most specific data points are currently unavailable. The page serves as a hub for users to find essential financial information about the company."], ["20260301", "This article presents the income statement for Willow Lane Acquisition Corp. II (WLIIU), accessible through the TradingView platform. It details quarterly and annual financial metrics such as total revenue, gross profit, operating income, and net income. Currently, most financial data fields show \"\u2014\", indicating a lack of reported figures for Q3 '25 and TTM periods, which may be typical for a SPAC at this stage."], ["20260301", "Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its holdings in T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: TROW) by 4.3% in Q3, bringing their total stake to 501,830 shares valued at approximately $51.51 million. Despite this, Wall Street analysts maintain a \"Reduce\" consensus rating with an average price target of $102.23, as the company's recent quarterly EPS of $2.44 slightly missed estimates, though revenue grew by 6% year-over-year. T. Rowe Price also recently announced a quarterly dividend increase to $1.30 per share, resulting in a 5.5% annualized yield."], ["20260301", "Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management Co. Ltd. has increased its stake in Essex Property Trust (NYSE:ESS) by 6.9%, now holding 198,793 shares valued at $53.21 million. Other institutional investors like Centersquare Investment Management LLC have also significantly raised their positions, leading to institutional ownership of 96.51% in the company. Essex Property Trust recently reported slightly missed Q3 earnings but beat revenue expectations, issued FY2026 EPS guidance, and increased its quarterly dividend."], ["20260301", "Wesco International Inc. (WCC) successfully raised $1.48 billion through two tranches of senior notes, comprising $650 million at 5.250% due 2031 and $850 million at 5.500% due 2034, with the aim of redeeming existing debt. Additionally, the company filed a Form 8-K with the SEC on February 27, 2026, disclosing a direct or off-balance sheet financial obligation."], ["20260301", "Intech Investment Management LLC increased its stake in Deere & Company (NYSE:DE) by 19.9% in the third quarter, purchasing an additional 1,936 shares and bringing its total holdings to 11,642 shares valued at $5,323,000. Other institutional investors also adjusted their positions in the company. Deere & Company reported strong financial results, beating earnings estimates with an EPS of $2.42 and revenues of $9.61 billion, and announced a quarterly dividend of $1.62 per share."], ["20260301", "Intech Investment Management LLC significantly reduced its stake in Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL) by 43.7% in the third quarter, selling over 82,000 shares. The fund's remaining 105,989 shares were valued at approximately $6.015 million. Other institutional investors showed mixed activity, with some increasing and others initiating positions in DAL, while corporate insiders have also recently sold shares. Delta Air Lines' stock performance, earnings, and recent dividend announcement are also detailed, alongside an overview of analysts' ratings and recent news affecting the company."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the Q4 earnings performance of Vestis (NYSE:VSTS) and its peers in the industrial & environmental services sector. Vestis reported revenues in line with expectations but experienced a softer quarter, though its stock rose by 7.5%. Other companies like Tetra Tech excelled in revenue beats, while UniFirst and Pitney Bowes had mixed results, and Cintas showed strong revenue growth, highlighting varied outcomes across the industry."], ["20260301", "This page provides a compilation of news and events related to WILC stock, specifically G. Willi-Food International. It highlights recent earnings reports, dividend announcements, and other significant company updates. The information is presented through various news sources and aims to keep investors informed about the company's performance and important developments."], ["20260301", "Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management Co. Ltd. has increased its stake in Mettler-Toledo International, Inc. by 6.0%, purchasing an additional 2,367 shares to bring its total holdings to 42,129 shares valued at approximately $51.7 million. This acquisition makes Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management Co. Ltd. the owner of 0.20% of Mettler-Toledo International. Other institutional investors similarly adjusted their positions in the company, which recently exceeded quarterly earnings estimates and provided optimistic guidance for 2026."], ["20260301", "Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its stake in Mid-America Apartment Communities (MAA) by 7.8% to 332,173 shares, valued at approximately $46.42 million. Despite a significant EPS miss and flat revenue for the quarter, the company raised its quarterly dividend to $1.53, leading to an annualized yield of 4.6%. Analysts generally hold a \"Hold\" rating on the stock with an average target price of $153.55."], ["20260301", "New to The Street will broadcast executive leadership interviews with Medicus Pharma Ltd. (MDCX), CitroTech (CITR), Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. (VVOS), and Virtuix Holdings (VTIX) tonight at 6:30 PM EST on Bloomberg Television. The program will air across Bloomberg's U.S. platform, Latin America, and MENA, aiming to increase global visibility for these companies. The interviews will discuss corporate strategy, market positioning, upcoming catalysts, and long-term value creation, amplified across New to The Street's digital platforms."], ["20260301", "JPMorgan Chase & Co. has significantly increased its stake in First BanCorp. by 15.1% in the third quarter, acquiring 184,769 additional shares to hold a total of 1,407,825 shares valued at approximately $31.04 million. This move comes as First BanCorp. reported strong quarterly earnings, beating expectations with $0.55 EPS and slightly higher revenue, alongside a significant return on equity and net margin. The company also raised its quarterly dividend to $0.20 per share, resulting in a ~3.8% yield, while analysts maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating with a target price of $24.58."], ["20260301", "This page from Intellectia AI provides an overview of the VSGX ETF, including its price, holdings composition, and profile. It highlights that VSGX invests in large-, mid-, and small-cap stocks outside the United States, screened for environmental, social, and corporate governance (ESG) criteria. The platform positions itself as a trusted AI resource for winning trades."], ["20260301", "Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its holdings in International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. (IFF) by 7.2% in the third quarter, now owning 656,446 shares valued at $40.4 million. Despite IFF missing EPS estimates but beating revenue, analysts maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus with a target price of $91.17, supported by recent price target increases from several firms and a positive endorsement from Jim Cramer. The company's recent performance shows a negative net margin of 3.2% and a year-over-year revenue decrease of 6.6%."], ["20260301", "Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management Co. Ltd. has increased its stake in Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ZBH) by 6.1%, acquiring an additional 22,992 shares, bringing its total to 399,826 shares valued at approximately $39.38 million. This increase follows Zimmer Biomet's stronger-than-expected Q4 earnings, where it surpassed analyst estimates for EPS and revenue, and provided positive FY2026 guidance. The medical equipment provider's stock is currently trading at $98.42 with a \"Hold\" consensus rating from analysts, and it recently declared a quarterly dividend of $0.24 per share."], ["20260301", "Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its holdings in Edison International (NYSE:EIX) by 5.6% during the third quarter, purchasing an additional 40,367 shares to bring its total to 764,205 shares valued at approximately $42.25 million. This investment comes as Edison International reported strong quarterly earnings, beating expectations with an EPS of $1.87 and revenue of $5.21 billion, and issued positive FY2026 guidance. The company also announced a quarterly dividend of $0.8775, representing a 4.7% yield, while analysts maintain a \"Hold\" consensus rating with an average price target of $67.70."], ["20260301", "Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its stake in Darden Restaurants, Inc. by 2.1% in the third quarter, bringing its total holdings to 234,452 shares valued at approximately $44.6 million. Darden's stock, which recently opened at $213.51, has 93.64% institutional ownership and a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating from analysts with an average target price of $224.78. The company recently reported quarterly earnings of $2.08 per share, slightly missing estimates, with revenues of $3.10 billion and declared a $1.50 quarterly dividend."], ["20260301", "This article from Stock Traders Daily discusses Fidelity Disruptive Finance Etf (FDFF), highlighting divergent sentiment readings across horizons which indicate choppiness and elevated downside risk. It provides AI-generated trading strategies for different risk profiles, including long, breakout, and short positions, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis and support/resistance levels."], ["20260301", "Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its stake in Kimco Realty Corporation (NYSE:KIM) by 4.3% in the third quarter, purchasing an additional 76,409 shares to bring its total holdings to 1,845,329 shares valued at $40.32 million. Other institutional investors also adjusted their positions in Kimco Realty, which announced a quarterly dividend of $0.26 per share, yielding 4.4%. Analysts currently rate Kimco Realty as a \"Moderate Buy\" with an average price target of $24.18."], ["20260301", "DNB Asset Management AS increased its stake in BBB Foods Inc. (NYSE:TBBB) by 60.0% in Q3, acquiring 140,409 additional shares to hold a total of 374,275 shares valued at $10.09 million. Other institutional investors like Citigroup Inc. and Baillie Gifford & Co. also significantly increased their positions, raising overall institutional ownership to 8.42%. BBB Foods opened at $36.37, has a market cap of $4.15 billion, and analysts currently have a \"Hold\" consensus rating with a target price of $39.00."], ["20260301", "Wells Fargo recently lowered its price target on Sarepta Therapeutics (SRPT) from $45 to $38, maintaining an Overweight rating, due to a longer-than-expected GTx launch reset post safety events. Similarly, Baird cut its price target to $20 from $22 after the company's Q4 and full-year 2025 financial results. Sarepta Therapeutics, a biopharmaceutical company focusing on rare diseases, reported full-year net product revenues of $1.864 billion."], ["20260301", "Intech Investment Management LLC significantly increased its stake in W.W. Grainger, Inc. (NYSE:GWW) by 60.5% during the third quarter, bringing its total holdings to 5,261 shares valued at $5.01 million. This comes amidst other institutional investor activity and insider selling, with analysts holding a \"Hold\" consensus rating and an average target price of $1,060.13 for the industrial products company. W.W. Grainger recently announced a quarterly dividend and reported its latest earnings, missing consensus estimates by a narrow margin."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed overview of the AAA Alternative Access First Priority CLO Bond ETF (AMEX:AAA), including its price, performance, key statistics, and investment strategy. It covers the fund's assets under management, dividend yield, expense ratio, and specific guidelines for selecting AAA-rated, broadly syndicated senior-secured debt tranches of USD-denominated collateralized loan obligations (CLOs). The article also addresses frequently asked questions about ETFs and offers technical analysis insights for potential investors."], ["20260301", "This page provides the latest news and insights on Upstart Holdings, Inc. (UPST), an AI lending marketplace connecting borrowers with banks and credit unions. It covers financial results, lending partnerships with various credit unions, and funding activities. The article also includes historical news regarding earnings reports and the company's Initial Public Offering (IPO)."], ["20260301", "The author is a consistent buyer of the Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF (SCHD) due to its high and steadily increasing dividend income and its strong track record of delivering double-digit total returns. SCHD invests in 100 high-yielding dividend stocks that have consistently grown their payouts, aligning with a strategy for generating passive income and achieving financial freedom. The ETF's approach of focusing on dividend-growing companies contributes to both income generation and capital appreciation."], ["20260301", "Canadian National Railway (CNR) is gaining significant attention from U.S. investors due to its role as a crucial North American freight platform, connecting major U.S. coasts and supporting cross-border trade. The company's focus on AI and automation, combined with consistent shareholder returns through dividends and buybacks, makes it an attractive \"boring but elite\" investment, despite risks like economic slowdowns and regulatory changes."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis of Fidelity Disruptive Automation Etf (NASDAQ: FBOT), indicating strong sentiment across all horizons supporting an overweight bias. It outlines institutional trading strategies including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis. Key findings highlight a mid-channel oscillation pattern and a significant risk-reward short setup."], ["20260301", "This article from Stock Traders Daily discusses Hanover Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ: HNVR), highlighting weak near and mid-term sentiment and a neutral long-term outlook. It provides AI-generated trading strategies including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis to guide investors. The analysis suggests a breakdown is underway for HNVR, with elevated downside risk."], ["20260301", "Worthington Enterprises (WOR) has shown strong long-term shareholder returns despite recent short-term fluctuations. The company\u2019s valuation suggests it is undervalued at $56.01 with a fair value estimated at $67.20, driven by anticipated earnings growth from acquisitions and a strong balance sheet. While its current P/E ratio is below the industry average, it is slightly above its own fair ratio, indicating some market optimism."], ["20260301", "Handelsbanken Fonder AB reduced its stake in Kinsale Capital Group by 6.5%, selling 3,600 shares and now holding 52,000 shares valued at $22.1 million. This comes as Kinsale Capital Group reported strong quarterly earnings, beating expectations with an EPS of $5.81 and revenue of $483.3 million. The company has also announced a $250 million share buyback program and increased its quarterly dividend to $0.25, while institutional investors like Bamco Inc. NY and JPMorgan Chase & Co. have increased their holdings."], ["20260301", "This page provides the latest news and analysis for BrandywineGLOBAL \u2013 Global Income Opportunities Fund (BWG), a closed-end management investment company focused on fixed-income securities. The fund's primary objective is current income, with secondary capital appreciation, and its news flow heavily features distribution announcements and governance activities. Key information on its managed distribution policy, performance metrics, and financial position is aggregated for investors."], ["20260301", "This page provides a comprehensive resource for Astera Labs Inc. (ALAB) SEC filings, including annual 10-K reports, quarterly 10-Q statements, and 8-K material event disclosures. It details recent insider stock transactions by CEO Jitendra Mohan, Director Manuel Alba, and COO Sanjay Gajendra, along with a Form S-8 filing for additional share registration. The platform enhances these filings with AI-powered summaries and real-time updates."], ["20260301", "Nomad Foods (NYSE:NOMD) has seen an 11% decline in its share price since releasing its Q4 2025 earnings, despite a 9.76% year-over-year revenue growth. The company missed revenue and EPS expectations, leading analysts to lower price targets while maintaining Buy ratings. Future guidance is cautious, with expected sales and adjusted EPS declines for 2026 due to a transformative period under a new CEO."], ["20260301", "DNB Asset Management AS significantly increased its holdings in Zscaler, Inc. (NASDAQ:ZS) by 63.8% in Q3, purchasing an additional 12,936 shares to bring its total to 33,219 shares valued at $9.95 million. This increase comes despite Zscaler announcing mixed Q2 results, which included beating adjusted EPS and revenue estimates but also reporting a wider GAAP loss and mixed forward guidance, leading to analyst price-target cuts. Zscaler currently holds a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating from analysts, with an average price target of $274.37, significantly above its current trading price of around $147."], ["20260301", "This article provides an earnings forecast, analysis, and prediction for AIVL, detailing past stock price reactions to earnings reports and future estimates. It highlights that historically, AIVL's stock sees a 0% change 10 days before and after earnings, with no specific data provided for recent quarterly results. Analysts anticipate undefined revenue and EPS for the upcoming period, with revenue estimates revised upward by 8.66% in the last three months."], ["20260301", "JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in KB Home by 24.6% to 418,328 shares, valued at approximately $26.62 million, during the third quarter. Despite analyst mixed sentiment, with a consensus \"Hold\" rating and a $62.73 average price target, KB Home exceeded quarterly EPS expectations, reporting $1.92 versus $1.79, and offers a $0.25 quarterly dividend. The company's stock performance shows a market capitalization of $4.01 billion and a P/E ratio of 12.93, with several other institutional investors also adjusting their positions."], ["20260301", "IHS Holding Limited (IHS) has announced a merger agreement to be acquired by MTN Group Limited for $8.50 per ordinary share, totaling approximately $6.2 billion. This all-cash transaction represents a significant premium to IHS's share price at various points, offering immediate value to shareholders. The deal, which has been approved by IHS's Board of Directors, is expected to close in 2026."], ["20260301", "JPMorgan Chase & Co. significantly increased its stake in Kadant Inc. (NYSE:KAI) by 141.3% in the third quarter, purchasing 58,382 additional shares to own a total of 99,703 shares valued at $29.7 million. Kadant recently"], ["20260301", "This article analyzes Fidelity Disruptive Medicine Etf (NASDAQ: FMED), highlighting neutral near and mid-term technical readings that could moderate its long-term positive bias. It identifies a mid-channel oscillation pattern and an exceptional 16.9:1 risk-reward setup targeting a 5.2% gain against 0.3% risk. The analysis provides specific institutional trading strategies including position, momentum breakout, and risk hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis for support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "The article provides a technical analysis of Ohio Valley Banc Corp. (NASDAQ: OVBC), indicating a neutral near and mid-term outlook with a long-term positive bias. It identifies a mid-channel oscillation pattern and highlights an exceptional 26.2:1 risk-reward setup. The analysis includes AI-generated institutional trading strategies like Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging, along with multi-timeframe signal analysis."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed overview of the REX AI Equity Premium Income ETF (AIPI) dividend yield and history. It highlights AIPI's current annual dividend of $15.90, translating to a dividend yield of 44.98%, and details its monthly payment schedule. The page also includes historical dividend payment data through 2026 and comparative analysis against NASDAQ companies."], ["20260301", "This page provides access to Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation's (VAC) SEC filings, including 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports, offering detailed financial and operational insights. Recent filings highlight insider transactions, leadership changes, and the company's Q3 2025 financial results. It serves as a comprehensive resource for investors to track regulatory disclosures and stay informed about the company's stock."], ["20260301", "This article provides detailed information about the Innovator U.S. Equity 10 Buffer ETF - Quarterly (ZALT), including its price, performance, key statistics like AUM and expense ratio, and how it actively manages FLEX options for partial downside protection against the S&P 500. It also outlines the fund's structure, management style, and answers frequently asked questions regarding ETFs and ZALT's specific characteristics."], ["20260301", "The Xtrackers Artificial Intelligence and Big Data ETF (XAIX) tracks the Nasdaq Global AI and Big Data Index, investing in companies focused on AI and data computing. Launched on August 2, 2024, the fund has assets under management of $112.13 million and an expense ratio of 0.35%. XAIX's performance data shows a 22.88% increase over the past year, with its current price at $42.58."], ["20260301", "JPMorgan Chase & Co. significantly increased its stake in Magnite, Inc. (NASDAQ:MGNI), acquiring an additional 271,325 shares to own a total of 1,209,413 shares, valued at roughly $26.34 million. This move comes amidst mixed sentiment for Magnite, with some analysts maintaining \"buy\" ratings due to strong CTV growth, while the company missed Q4 revenue estimates, cut guidance, and disclosed a legal dispute with Google. Insider Adam Lee Soroca also reduced his holdings by selling 21,529 shares."], ["20260301", "DNB Asset Management AS significantly increased its stake in Borr Drilling Limited, purchasing an additional 3,857,948 shares in Q3, bringing its total to 3,875,175 shares valued at $10.42 million. Other institutional investors, such as Millennium Management, also boosted their positions, contributing to institutional ownership now reaching approximately 83.12%. Despite a Wall Street consensus \"Hold\" rating and a price target of $4.33, Borr Drilling shares trade near $6.13, following a quarter where the company surpassed both EPS and revenue estimates."], ["20260301", "This article provides a tactical trading analysis for Bondbloxx Bb-rated Usd High Yield Corporate Bond Etf (XBB), indicating a neutral sentiment across all time horizons. It highlights an exceptional 3.8:1 risk-reward short setup and outlines three trading strategies: Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging, complete with entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The analysis emphasizes AI-generated signals for real-time decision-making."], ["20260301", "Intech Investment Management LLC significantly reduced its stake in Jefferies Financial Group Inc. by 77% in Q3, selling 226,854 shares and retaining 67,581 shares valued at $4.42 million. Despite Jefferies beating Q3 earnings and revenue expectations and offering a 3.6% dividend yield, the stock faces pressure from exposure to a collapsed UK lender and ongoing shareholder litigation. The company currently holds a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating from analysts with a target price of $72.71."], ["20260301", "Shares of Vera Bradley, Inc. (NASDAQ:VRA) crossed above their 200-day moving average on Friday, February 28, 2026, trading as high as $2.73 per share. This event is often seen as a bullish technical signal, potentially indicating a period of sustained upward momentum for the lifestyle brand. Despite this, analysts maintain a cautious outlook on the stock with ratings predominantly advising \"Reduce\" or \"Hold.\""], ["20260301", "Vanguard Group Inc. reduced its stake in Yelp Inc. by 2.4% in the third quarter, now holding 8.4 million shares valued at $262.15 million. Despite this, they remain a significant shareholder with 13.32% of the company. Corporate insiders have also been net sellers, disposing of nearly $7 million worth of shares, while analysts have a cautious \"Reduce\" rating for the stock with a consensus target price of $28.50."], ["20260301", "JPMorgan Chase & Co. has reduced its stake in nCino Inc. (NASDAQ:NCNO) by 14% in the third quarter, selling 170,687 shares and now owning 1,046,781 shares valued at $28.38 million. This comes as nCino reported strong quarterly earnings, beating analyst estimates for EPS and revenue, and authorized a $100 million share repurchase program. Despite recent insider selling, institutional investors hold a significant 94.76% of the company's stock."], ["20260301", "This article provides a technical analysis for Volatility Shares Trust XRP ETF (XRPI), indicating a \"Neutral\" overall consensus based on various indicators. While the MACD suggests neutrality, multiple simple moving averages (5, 10, 20, 60, 200, 250-day) point to a \"Buy\" signal, as the share price of $7.7 is currently above these averages. Key support and resistance levels are also noted as neutral, and the Relative Strength Index (RSI) is in neutral territory."], ["20260301", "Qorvo Inc. is presented as an under-the-radar U.S. semiconductor company critical to 5G, Wi-Fi, and RF technologies, feeding into smartphones, routers, and connected cars. The article highlights Qorvo's role in the increasing complexity of RF content per device and positions it as a cyclical but strong long-term play for investors looking beyond AI headliners, tied to major wireless and connectivity trends. It emphasizes that while the stock is subject to market cycles and competition, its entrenched customer relationships and technological depth make it a compelling consideration for US retail investors."], ["20260301", "JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced its stake in Natural Resource Partners LP (NRP) by 22.3% in Q3, now owning 267,560 shares valued at $28.09 million. Natural Resource Partners recently announced a special dividend of $0.12 per share and reported strong quarterly results with $2.27 EPS and a 64.78% net margin. The company, which is a master limited partnership focused on natural resource royalties, has a \"Buy\" consensus rating from analysts, and institutional investors hold about 31.77% of its stock."], ["20260301", "Rhumbline Advisers increased its stake in Nabors Industries Ltd. by 61.4% to 46,582 shares, valued at approximately $1.90 million. Nabors Industries recently reported a strong Q4 earnings beat with EPS of $0.17 against an estimated -$2.93, and revenue up 9% year-over-year while management works on debt reduction. Despite a low valuation (PE of 4.72), analyst opinions are mixed, with a \"Hold\" consensus and a target price of $69, due to concerns about near-term profitability and cash flow stability."], ["20260301", "An ethics probe is underway regarding Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick's involvement and potential financial interests in a $1.6 billion federal investment for USA Rare Earth, given his recent affiliation with Cantor Fitzgerald, which managed the fundraising. This scrutiny comes as USA Rare Earth's stock (NasdaqGM:USAR) has experienced significant volatility and is already flagged with risks such as shareholder dilution and minimal revenue. Investors are monitoring the investigation for clarity on Lutnick's role and potential impacts on federal commitments and the company's valuation."], ["20260301", "Ninepoint Partners LP has acquired 38,999 shares of Essential Utilities Inc. (NYSE:WTRG) in Q3, valued at approximately $1.56 million. Essential Utilities recently reported strong Q3 earnings, beating consensus estimates with $0.47 EPS and $699.11 million in revenue. The company maintains a \"Hold\" rating from analysts with a target price of $43.67 and offers an annual dividend of $1.37, yielding about 3.4%."], ["20260301", "This article provides an analysis of Fidelity Disruptive Technology Etf (NASDAQ: FDTX), highlighting neutral near and mid-term readings but a strong long-term positive bias. It presents three AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal data for support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "The article provides an analysis of COSM's past earnings performance and future predictions. It highlights the FY2024Q3 results, showing a revenue surprise of -25.39% and an EPS surprise of -309.09%. For 2025/Q3, analysts project a revenue of $16.40M and an EPS of -$0.01, with past revisions indicating unchanged estimates despite a stock price decline of -30.12% over three months."], ["20260301", "UWM Holdings CEO Mat Ishbia indirectly sold nearly 2 million Class A Common shares for approximately $9.28 million between February 13-18, 2026. This transaction represented 21.89% of his reported holdings before the sale and involved converting UWM Paired Interests into Class A Common Stock. Despite recent underperformance, UWM Holdings reported strong Q4 FY 2025 earnings and is finalizing an acquisition, which could positively impact its future stock performance."], ["20260301", "Select Water Solutions recently completed a $175 million equity raise to fund its water infrastructure expansion, potential acquisitions, and debt reduction. While this move enhances financial flexibility, it also introduces share dilution, which could temper short-term upside. The company's investment narrative is centered on its contracted water infrastructure platform and growth projects, with analysts offering differing views on its future earnings and fair value."], ["20260301", "Riley Exploration Permian (AMEX: REPX) is scheduled to release its quarterly earnings report on March 4, 2026, with analysts forecasting an EPS of $0.83. Investors will be closely watching for an earnings beat and positive future guidance, which often impacts stock price more than past performance. The article also provides an overview of the company's financial health, including its market capitalization, revenue growth, net margin, ROE, ROA, and debt management, noting that several metrics surpass industry standards despite some competitive challenges in revenue growth."], ["20260301", "This article from Stock Traders Daily discusses the price dynamics and execution-aware positioning for the Democratic Large Cap Core Etf (NASDAQ: DEMZ). It highlights neutral near and mid-term readings with a potentially moderating long-term positive bias, noting elevated downside risk due to a lack of additional long-term support signals. The analysis provides key signals, neutral sentiment, and outlines institutional trading strategies including position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging strategies based on AI models."], ["20260301", "Erste Asset Management GmbH increased its stake in Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ARWR) by 55.3%, now holding 73,000 shares valued at approximately $2.47 million. Despite insider selling, the company's revenue beat expectations, and analysts maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" rating with an average price target of $81.67 for the biotechnology firm."], ["20260301", "This article provides a detailed financial overview of Smurfit WestRock PLC (SW) for fiscal year 2025, including income statements, balance sheets, and cash flow data derived from SEC filings. It highlights key financial health signals such as strong growth and low leverage, despite below-average profitability and moderate liquidity, and includes an Altman Z-Score and Piotroski F-Score for financial distress and strength indicators. The report analyzes annual and quarterly performance with year-over-year growth rates and offers frequently asked questions covering revenue, profitability, debt, and various financial ratios."], ["20260301", "Keystone Investors PTE Ltd. has acquired a new stake in Eli Lilly and Company, purchasing 5,200 shares valued at approximately $3.97 million. This new investment comes as Eli Lilly shows strong positive news, including promising clinical trial results for orforglipron, a positive opinion for Olumiant in Europe, and RBC Capital initiating coverage with a $1,250 price target. The company also reported strong Q4 earnings, increased its dividend, and maintains a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus rating from analysts."], ["20260301", "Wells Fargo has increased its price target for Keurig Dr. Pepper Inc. (KDP) from $35 to $40, maintaining an Overweight rating. This decision follows KDP's strong fiscal Q4 and full-year 2025 results, which saw an 8% constant currency net sales growth and a 10.5% rise in Q4 net sales, driven by U.S. refreshment beverages and the acquisition of GHOST. The firm suggests KDP might be more appealing in a market where value is increasingly hard to find."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes momentum shifts for First Trust Dorsey Wright Momentum & Value Etf (NASDAQ: DVLU), noting neutral near and mid-term readings but a positive long-term bias. It outlines three institutional trading strategies (Position, Momentum Breakout, Risk Hedging) with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels. The article emphasizes AI-generated signals and risk-reward setups for different time horizons."], ["20260301", "Latham & Watkins LLP advised the underwriters in Forgent Power Solutions, Inc.'s US$1.5 billion initial public offering. Forgent, a designer and manufacturer of electrical distribution equipment, priced its Class A common stock at US$27 per share. The shares began trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol FPS on February 5, 2026."], ["20260301", "This article provides an in-depth analysis of Running Oak Efficient Growth Etf (NASDAQ: RUNN), highlighting a neutral sentiment across all time horizons. It details an exceptional 10.6:1 risk-reward setup, targeting a 3.1% gain versus 0.3% risk. The analysis includes institutional trading strategies and multi-timeframe signal analysis generated by AI models."], ["20260301", "HighTower Advisors LLC significantly reduced its stake in Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) by 61.9% in the third quarter, selling 2,234 shares and retaining 1,373 shares valued at approximately $2.05 million. Despite insider selling activity, analysts maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" rating for FICO with an average price target of $1,994.62. The company recently surpassed quarterly earnings estimates, reported strong revenue, issued positive FY2026 guidance, and authorized a $1.5 billion share buyback program."], ["20260301", "Bedell Frazier Investment Counselling LLC has made a new $3.50 million investment in Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD), acquiring 21,637 shares in the third quarter. Institutional investors now own approximately 71.34% of AMD's stock. The company recently exceeded quarterly earnings expectations, and Wall Street holds a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus with an average price target of $290.53, despite notable insider selling."], ["20260301", "Mizuho analyst Yaron Kinar lowered the price target for Willis Towers Watson (WTW) from $392 to $358 but maintained a Buy rating, citing a recent selloff in the insurance property and casualty sector and low AI disruption threat for insurance brokerages. Morgan Stanley's Bob Huang also reiterated a Hold rating and lowered the price target from $345 to $330 due to Q4 reports in the property and casualty insurance group. Both analysts acknowledge the potential of WTW but suggest differentiated underwriters are better positioned despite weak pricing and AI headwinds."], ["20260301", "Bedell Frazier Investment Counselling LLC has acquired a new position in Ulta Beauty Inc. (NASDAQ:ULTA), purchasing 3,404 shares valued at approximately $1.86 million. This move contributes to institutional investors owning around 90.39% of Ulta Beauty's stock, with other major holders including Vanguard Group Inc. and Norges Bank. The company recently exceeded earnings and revenue expectations, reporting quarterly EPS of $5.14 against an estimate of $4.61, and analysts maintain a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus with an average price target of $626.84."], ["20260301", "Short interest in iShares Morningstar Value ETF (ILCV) surged by 164.4% in February, reaching 85,971 shares. This resulted in a short-interest ratio of 2.0 days based on average daily trading volume. Several institutional investors also adjusted their holdings in ILCV during the last quarter."], ["20260301", "This article provides an analysis of Provident Financial Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: PROV), highlighting its neutral near and mid-term readings but potentially a long-term positive bias. It offers three distinct AI-generated trading strategies\u2014Position Trading, Momentum Breakout, and Risk Hedging\u2014tailored for different risk profiles. The analysis also includes multi-timeframe signal analysis with immediate support and resistance levels."], ["20260301", "Bedell Frazier Investment Counselling LLC significantly increased its stake in Blackstone Inc. (NYSE:BX) by 1,130.2%, acquiring 17,292 additional shares to hold a total of 18,822 shares valued at $3.216 million. This move comes amidst mixed sentiment for Blackstone, with strong Q4 earnings, an increased dividend, and strategic moves into AI data centers and life sciences, contrasted by recent stock underperformance and analyst splits. Institutional ownership of Blackstone is high at 70%, with insiders owning about 1% of the stock."], ["20260301", "Arete Wealth Advisors LLC has initiated a new position in Arista Networks (NYSE:ANET), purchasing 33,837 shares valued at $4.93 million. This investment comes as Arista Networks demonstrates strong performance, with a recent beat on quarterly estimates and raised AI revenue guidance for FY-2026, contributing to a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus from analysts. Despite recent insider selling, institutional investors hold a significant portion of the stock, reflecting varied market sentiments."], ["20260301", "The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE: TRV) recently experienced significant insider share sales from two top executives: Maria Olivo and David Donnay Rowland, reducing their ownership stakes. Simultaneously, Morgan Stanley raised its price target for TRV to $310 while maintaining an \"Equal Weight\" rating, citing the company's strong underwriting and durable margins despite industry headwinds. The article also touches upon TRV's position as a stock Warren Buffett might consider and makes a broader segue into the potential of AI stocks."], ["20260301", "H.C. Wainwright has raised its price target for United Therapeutics (UTHR) from $525 to $600, maintaining a Buy rating, citing the company's development of a soft mist inhaler for treprostinil and management's revenue targets. Similarly, RBC Capital also increased its target for UTHR to $643 due to the potential of the new inhaler. United Therapeutics, a biotechnology company focusing on rare diseases, is working towards a $4 billion revenue run rate by late 2027."], ["20260301", "Veritas downgraded Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) from Reduce to Sell with a C$64 price target on February 6, 2026. This comes after RBC Capital maintained an Outperform rating and raised its target to C$75, citing strong Q4 2025 performance. Suncor Energy, a large integrated energy company, reported $3.2 billion in adjusted funds from operations and $1.7 billion in free funds flow for Q4 2025 and returned $5.8 billion to shareholders for the full year."], ["20260301", "UBS has upgraded Southwest Airlines (LUV) from Neutral to Buy, increasing its price target from $51 to $73. This upgrade is based on anticipated success from assigned seating and extra-legroom programs, alongside checked bag fees, which UBS expects to generate significant incremental earnings per share by fiscal 2027. Additionally, Southwest Airlines plans to integrate SpaceX\u2019s Starlink for next-generation in-flight Wi-Fi, with deployment starting this summer and expanding to over 300 aircraft by late 2026."], ["20260301", "Bernstein has upgraded Newmont Corporation (NEM) to Outperform with a $157 price target due to a bullish outlook on gold, the new CEO's focused agenda, and reconciliation with a major joint-venture partner. Bank of America also raised its price target for NEM to $151. Analysts following NEM show a consensus Buy rating with a 7.51% average upside potential over the next year."], ["20260301", "Stifel has increased its price target for Triple Flag Precious Metals (TFPM) from C$58 to C$65, retaining a Buy rating. This follows a similar upgrade from CIBC, which raised its target to C$74 due to higher gold price forecasts. Triple Flag Precious Metals has also declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.0575 per common share."], ["20260301", "Truist has raised its price target on BILL Holdings (NYSE:BILL) from $58 to $59, reiterating a Buy rating following the company's Q2 2026 earnings. The analyst's updated financial models considered higher net adds and increased volume per client for BILL Holdings, which reported a 17% year-over-year core revenue increase and an 18% non-GAAP operating margin. The company, a financial operations platform for SMBs, anticipates a slight decrease in net new customer additions as it focuses on larger businesses."], ["20260301", "Stifel has increased its price target for Triple Flag Precious Metals (TFPM) from C$58 to C$65, retaining a Buy rating on the stock. This follows a similar move by CIBC, which raised its target to C$74 driven by increased gold price forecasts. Triple Flag also declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.0575 per common share."], ["20260301", "BMO Capital and Needham have reduced their price targets for CoStar Group (CSGP). BMO Capital cut its target to $53 from $72, maintaining a Market Perform rating due to missed net new bookings expectations. Needham lowered its target to $60 from $80 but reiterated a Buy rating, citing strong Q4 results and continued execution of CoStar's digitization strategy and growth."], ["20260301", "Creekmur Asset Management LLC has made a new investment of $1.54 million in Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ:SMCI) by purchasing 32,153 shares in the third quarter. Despite strong quarterly results that beat analyst expectations, Super Micro Computer's stock faces mixed sentiment due to margin concerns, analyst downgrades, and insider selling, leading to pressure and volatility. The company recently launched a high-density AMD EPYC MicroBlade and continues to see robust demand for AI servers, with institutional investors holding approximately 84.06% of the stock."], ["20260301", "Creekmur Asset Management LLC reduced its stake in Costco Wholesale Corporation by 48.3% in Q3, now holding 1,555 shares valued at approximately $1.44 million. Despite this, analyst sentiment remains largely positive, with a \"Moderate Buy\" consensus and an average price target of $1,014.39. Costco recently surpassed quarterly earnings and revenue estimates, declared a quarterly dividend, while insiders sold a notable amount of shares over the past three months."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes potential momentum shifts for First Trust Active Factor Small Cap Etf (AFSM), noting neutral near and mid-term readings that could moderate a long-term positive bias. It identifies a mid-channel oscillation pattern and offers three distinct AI-generated trading strategies (Long, Breakout, Short) with specific entry, target, and stop-loss levels based on different risk profiles. The analysis highlights an exceptional short setup with a favorable risk-reward ratio, indicating neutral sentiment currently prevails."], ["20260301", "Vishay Intertechnology (VSH) recently launched its VOx619A energy-efficient optocouplers, which are designed for industrial, telecom, and consumer uses and feature low power consumption, high temperature tolerance, and consistent signal transfer. While these new products reinforce Vishay's commitment to energy-efficient, high-reliability components, they don't significantly alter the company's immediate financial outlook or address its persistent negative free cash flow and low GAAP margins. The article suggests investors should consider the broader investment narrative, which forecasts substantial revenue and earnings growth by 2028 but also highlights potential downside risks based on analyst estimates."], ["20260301", "Diversify Wealth Management LLC recently acquired 17,078 shares of Schwab International Small-Cap Equity ETF (SCHC) valued at approximately $773,000 during the third quarter. Other institutional investors like Corient Private Wealth LLC and TIAA Trust National Association also significantly increased their holdings in SCHC. The article notes SCHC's current stock performance, market capitalization, and investment profile, highlighting its objective to track the FTSE Developed Small Cap ex-US Liquid Index."], ["20260301", "UBS Group AG (NYSE:UBS) announced changes to its Board of Directors and reported strong financial results for fiscal Q4 and full year 2025, with net profit up significantly year-over-year. Despite a dividend increase and ambitious targets for 2028, some analysts like Goldman Sachs and Citi have downgraded the stock to \"Neutral\" and cut price targets. The article also suggests exploring AI stocks for potentially higher returns."], ["20260301", "SunCoke Energy, Inc.'s Chief Technology Officer, John F. Quanci, reported multiple restricted stock unit (RSU) events. On February 19, 2026, he received a new grant of 24,828 RSUs, which will vest in three equal annual installments. Additionally, on February 23, 2026, previously granted RSUs from 2023, 2024, and 2025 vested and were settled. Following these transactions, Quanci directly holds 19,922 shares of SunCoke common stock."], ["20260301", "BofA has increased its price target for Kinross Gold Corporation (KGC) to $42.75 from $37.50, reiterating a Buy rating, due to updated forecasts for metal prices in 2026. This revised target follows Kinross Gold's strong Q4 and full-year 2025 results, which included record free cash flow of $2.5 billion and a commitment to return 40% of future free cash flow to shareholders. The company also highlighted robust operational performance, particularly at its Tasiast and Paracatu mines."], ["20260301", "This article provides an overview of Valaris (NYSE:VAL) stock price performance, including a valuation of US$55.10 and a current trading price of US$92.60. It highlights different analyst narratives regarding the company's future, addressing potential growth drivers from drilling contracts and deepwater demand, as well as risks from the shift to renewable energy. Key financial details and recent company news are also supplied."], ["20260301", "Burford Capital (BUR) recently reported weak Q4 and full-year 2025 results, leading to a reassessment of its valuation despite a strong past year for its share price. While one narrative suggests the stock is 53.7% undervalued with a fair value of $18.21, another view, based on a DCF model, points to an even higher fair value of $22.85 but highlights a rich P/E ratio that suggests caution. Investors are urged to consider key risks and rewards before making investment decisions regarding BUR."], ["20260301", "UBS has upgraded Am\u00e9rica M\u00f3vil (AMX) to Neutral from Buy, setting a new price target of $30, up from $23.60, citing solid momentum across its regions. The company recently reported strong fiscal Q4 2025 earnings, with quadrupled net profit and 2.5 million new wireless subscribers. Despite AMX's potential, the article suggests that certain AI stocks offer greater promise for higher returns and limited downside risk."], ["20260301", "This article provides a comprehensive overview of the BondBloxx B-Rated USD High Yield Corporate Bond ETF (XB), including its price, chart, key financial stats, and fund details. It covers the fund's investment strategy, asset allocation, historical performance, and answers frequently asked questions about ETFs, AUM, expense ratios, and technical analysis ratings."], ["20260301", "Graham Corp (GHM) is presented as a small-cap industrial and defense supplier with significant earnings potential from US Navy, energy, and space markets. The article emphasizes its strategic shift towards higher-margin defense contracts and highlights its low correlation to mega-cap tech, offering a direct play on US defense and energy infrastructure. Investors are advised to consider the company's concentration risk, cyclical exposure, and liquidity, positioning GHM as a satellite holding for diversified portfolios."], ["20260301", "Enterprise Products Partners (EPD) has received several bullish rating updates from analysts in February following its yearly results, with firms like Scotiabank, TD Cowen, and RBC Capital raising price targets and maintaining positive ratings. Analysts cite solid performance, strong free cash flow projections, and increased capital returns to investors through distribution growth and unit buybacks as reasons for optimism. Despite the positive outlook for EPD, the article suggests that certain AI stocks may offer greater upside potential and lower downside risk."], ["20260301", "This article provides an earnings analysis and prediction for WAFD, detailing its FY2026Q1 results, analyst forecasts for 2026/Q2, and the correlation between earnings revisions and stock price movements. It highlights recent revenue and EPS estimates, historical stock reactions to earnings reports, and the sentiment from WaFd Inc's Q4 2025 earnings call. The analysis helps investors understand WAFD's financial trends and potential buying opportunities."], ["20260301", "IHS Holding Limited (NYSE: IHS) has announced a merger agreement with MTN Group Limited, wherein MTN will acquire IHS for $8.50 per ordinary share, valuing the all-cash transaction at approximately $6.2 billion. This deal represents a significant premium for IHS shareholders compared to recent share prices and has been approved by IHS's Board of Directors, with the transaction expected to close in 2026. IHS operates shared communications infrastructure primarily in emerging markets."], ["20260301", "Cary Street Partners Financial LLC has made a new investment of $765,000 in the Harbor Commodity All-Weather Strategy ETF (NYSEARCA:HGER), acquiring 29,658 shares. This makes their total holding 0.07% of the ETF. Other institutional investors like Nvwm LLC, Atlantic Union Bankshares Corp, and Envestnet Asset Management Inc. have also recently adjusted their stakes in HGER, which aims to hedge against inflation through broad exposure to inflation-sensitive commodities."], ["20260301", "Morgan Stanley has increased its price target for Banco Santander (SAN) to EUR 12.10 from EUR 11.50, maintaining an \"Equal Weight\" rating after the bank reported record full-year 2025 results. Citi and Deutsche Bank also raised their price targets and maintained \"Buy\" ratings, citing strong performance driven by net interest income, record fees, and efficiency gains. Banco Santander added eight million customers in 2025, reaching a total of 180 million."], ["20260301", "US Foods Holding Corp. recently launched Menu IQ, an AI-powered menu profitability tool, aiming to enhance its digital offerings to foodservice operators. This tool provides recipe cost calculations and real-time margin tracking, integrating into their existing MOXe platform. While this initiative strengthens US Foods' technology proposition and supports its capital allocation strategy, investors will need to monitor potential risks such as softer industry demand and the impact of substantial share repurchases on financial flexibility."], ["20260301", "This article analyzes the behavioral patterns and institutional flows for Ncs Multistage Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: NCSM), highlighting a strong near-term sentiment leading to a long-term positive bias. It presents AI-generated trading strategies\u2014position trading, momentum breakout, and risk hedging\u2014along with multi-timeframe signal analysis and risk-reward ratios. The analysis indicates an exceptional short setup targeting a 13.1% downside with minimal risk."], ["20260301", "W. P. Carey (WPC) reported FY 2025 results with US$444.5 million in Q4 total revenue and US$288.1 million in FFO, demonstrating steady cash generation from its real estate portfolio. Despite a one-off gain of US$121.2 million affecting net income quality and a slight decrease in net margin to 27.2%, the company's FFO performance supports the bullish net lease narrative centered on inflation-linked rent escalators. However, a premium valuation (P/E of 34x) against weaker interest and dividend coverage raises concerns found within the bear case."], ["20260301", "Woodside Energy Group Ltd (WDS) is an Australian LNG producer that offers U.S. investors exposure to Asian-Pacific natural gas markets, high dividends, but also significant project and policy risks. The article examines whether the stock's diversification and income potential justify the added complexities like currency risk, regulatory pressures, and project execution challenges compared to U.S. supermajors. It concludes that Woodside is a targeted bet for those constructive on LNG and comfortable with higher volatility, rather than a passive core holding."], ["20260301", "Credicorp (NYSE:BAP) has recently refreshed its board and updated its dividend policy, prompting a re-evaluation of its stock. While a popular narrative suggests the company is 3.6% overvalued at $346.38, against a fair value of $334.34, Simply Wall St's DCF model indicates a 35.7% discount with a fair value of $539 per share. Investors are encouraged to analyze the data to determine if a buying opportunity exists, especially given the mixed valuation signals and the company's strong recent performance."], ["20260301", "Datavault AI (NASDAQ: DVLT) has announced a change in the distribution date for its warrant dividend from February 21, 2026, to February 23, 2026, while the record date of January 7, 2026, remains unchanged. Shareholders will receive one warrant for every 60 shares of common stock, exercisable at $5.00 per share for one year, subject to specific conditions including holding a Dream Bowl Meme Coin II token. The company, Datavault AI, specializes in AI-driven data experiences and monetization in Web 3.0, offering solutions through its Acoustic Science and Data Science Divisions."], ["20260301", "Aviso Financial Inc. has significantly increased its stake in Franco-Nevada Corporation, purchasing an additional 106,736 shares, bringing its total holdings to 359,973 shares valued at approximately $80.14 million. This makes Franco-Nevada the fund's 10th largest holding. The company also recently raised its quarterly dividend to $0.44 per share, translating to a 0.6% yield, and continues to attract attention from other institutional investors."], ["20260301", "The Peerless Option Income Wheel ETF (WEEL) focuses on generating current income through investments in sector-specific ETFs and an options wheel strategy that combines cash-secured put writing with covered call writing. Launched on May 15, 2024, the actively managed fund aims for equity-like returns with lower volatility. As of February 27, 2026, WEEL was trading at $20.39, up 1.7% year-to-date, with assets under management of $30.16 million and a dividend yield of 12.51%."], ["20260301", "RXO, Inc. recently launched its Middle Mile Solutions service, expanding its offering beyond pure brokerage to an integrated, tech-enabled logistics network. This new service, combined with their AI-focused brokerage, aims to deepen customer relationships and improve profitability despite current challenges in the freight market. The company also refinanced its debt to extend maturities at a lower interest rate, which could support future earnings and cash generation if their new investments prove successful."], ["20260301", "This article provides an in-depth analysis of Summit State Bank (SSBI) including its price dynamics, sentiment across different time horizons, and execution-aware positioning strategies. It details specific trading strategies for long, momentum, and short positions, along with risk management parameters and real-time AI-generated signals."], ["20260301", "Guggenheim has increased its price target for Phathom Pharmaceuticals (PHAT) from $20 to $25, maintaining a Buy rating. This upgrade follows Phathom's strong fiscal Q4 and full-year 2025 results, which showed a significant 217% increase in FY25 net revenues and progress towards profitability in early Q3 2026. The company also strengthened its financial position through an equity offering and debt modification."], ["20260301", "The NEOS Ethereum High Income ETF (NEHI) experienced a significant inflow of $3.28 million on February 25, 2026, boosting its assets under management by nearly 10% to $32.88 million, despite a 31.3% slide in Ethereum prices over the past three months. This substantial one-day inflow suggests that investors are increasingly turning to income-oriented crypto strategies, such as covered calls, to monetize volatility rather than simply endure price fluctuations. The ETF's ability to attract capital amidst a crypto downturn highlights a potential shift in how traditional investors engage with digital assets, focusing on yield from options-derived income in a volatile market."], ["20260301", "This page from Intellectia AI focuses on the UTHY ETF, providing its price, holdings, and composition. The ETF primarily invests in the ICE BofA Current 30-Year US Treasury Index, with its assets composed almost entirely of bonds. Intellectia AI positions itself as a trusted platform for investment insights, leveraging AI strategies across various financial markets."], ["20260301", "Fox Run Management L.L.C. initiated a new position in Valaris Limited (NYSE:VAL) during Q3, purchasing 13,462 shares valued at approximately $657,000. Institutional investors now own 96.74% of Valaris, which currently holds a consensus \"Hold\" rating from analysts with an average target price significantly below its current market price. The company operates a diverse fleet of offshore drilling units globally, serving the energy industry."], ["20260301", "UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. (UYSC) has filed an amended Schedule 13G/A to correct previously reported ownership figures. The amendment clarifies that as of June 30, 2025, various Reporting Persons, including Lighthouse Investment Partners, LLC, beneficially own 290,908 shares, representing 3.8% of the outstanding ordinary shares. This filing restates the earlier report due to an overstatement in the initial percentage ownership calculation."]]}