{"topic": "economy_fiscal", "news": [["20250901", "The Wynnewood Refinery, operated by CVR Energy, has received hardship relief from the EPA regarding its obligations under the Renewable Fuel Standard. This relief includes full waivers for 2019 and 2021, and 50% waivers for 2020, 2022, 2023, and 2024 compliance periods. The decision could significantly reduce the refinery's renewable fuel credit obligations by hundreds of millions of Renewable Identification Numbers (RINs)."], ["20250901", "The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) Office of Environmental Management (EM) awarded five basic ordering agreements (BOAs) for nationwide low-level and mixed low-level commercial waste treatment services. These BOAs have a five-year ordering period and will be utilized by all DOE offices, including EM and the National Nuclear Security Administration, as well as DOE contractors and subcontractors. The awarded companies include EnergySolutions LLC, NAC Philotechnics Ltd., Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc., Veolia Nuclear Solutions Federal Services LLC, and Waste Control Specialists."], ["20250901", "Hyliion Holdings Corp. recently held its Q2 earnings call, revealing a mix of optimism due to a new 30% investment tax credit and successful partnerships, alongside challenges from financial losses and delayed commercialization of its KARNO Power Module. Despite reporting a net loss of $13.4 million in Q2 2025 and adjusting its 2025 revenue forecast down, the company remains financially stable and is making progress in product development. Strategic agreements and continued financial support position Hyliion for potential future success, requiring careful navigation through current hurdles."], ["20250830", "A summer consumer tax survey by Vertex Inc. (VERX) indicates that evolving consumer shopping behaviors, characterized by earlier and more complex purchasing cycles, are driving a heightened need for automated tax technology among retailers. This demand aims to manage compliance complexities across multiple sales channels and shifting promotional periods. The article suggests this trend could positively influence Vertex's investment outlook, reinforcing its strategy centered on regulatory complexity and digital transformation in tax automation."], ["20250829", "Gilat Satellite Networks' Peruvian subsidiary, Gilat Per\u00fa, secured a $25 million agreement with Pronatel to modernize the Regional Broadband network in Cusco, Peru. This project aims to provide high-speed internet to 208 public institutions and 69 free WiFi hotspots over the next five years, significantly improving digital inclusion in remote areas. The upgrade will deliver 200 Mbps connectivity, supporting education, healthcare, and public safety."], ["20250829", "Two inspectors, Liam Treibert and Michael Vasconcellos, have been charged with wire fraud for faking hundreds of safety checks on Con Edison natural gas pipelines in New York City and Westchester County over a nine-year period. This scheme, which spanned from 2016 to 2023, involved falsifying inspection records, leading Con Edison to spend millions on retesting and repairs. The fraudulent activities jeopardized public safety by potentially allowing defective welds to go unnoticed."], ["20250829", "CVR Energy announced that the EPA affirmed previous hardship relief grants for its subsidiary, Wynnewood Refining Company (WRC), concerning Renewable Fuel Standard obligations for 2017-2018 and granted significant waivers for 2019-2024. These decisions could reduce WRC's renewable fuel credit obligations by over 400 million RINs, leaving an estimated remaining 100 million RIN obligation for pre-2025 periods. CVR Energy is currently evaluating the financial impacts of this decision."], ["20250829", "TD Cowen analyst Krish Sankar has reaffirmed a \"Buy\" rating for SkyWater Technology, Inc. (SKYT), expressing strong confidence in the company's future. This optimism is driven by the innovative Fab 25 agreement with Infineon, which is expected to boost free cash flow and financial stability. Additionally, SkyWater's 2026 revenue forecast surpasses market expectations, and potential U.S. Section 232 tariffs could further benefit domestic semiconductor production, supporting a positive long-term outlook for SKYT."], ["20250829", "HANetf has listed its Future of Defence Ucits ETF, known as the Nato ETF, on the Warsaw Stock Exchange. The ETF, which invests in defense firms in Nato and Nato-allied countries, has accumulated approximately $2.8 billion in assets under management. This expansion highlights Poland's growing economy and its significant role in European defense spending, with the country projected to spend nearly 5% of its GDP annually on defense."], ["20250828", "Gap CEO Richard Dickson discussed the company's recent quarterly results and the impact of tariffs, stating that while some factors are uncontrollable, the company is effectively managing what it can. Gap reported an earnings miss and an increased projection for tariff costs, but saw positive comparable sales and significant improvement in its Banana Republic brand. Dickson also highlighted the success of brand investments, particularly in social media and advertising."], ["20250828", "Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc. received preliminary approval for nearly $17 million in tax breaks from the Suffolk County Industrial Development Agency. This incentive aims to retain Broadridge's operations and 1,531 jobs in Edgewood, preventing the company from moving some work and jobs out of state to reduce costs. The financial services firm is considering renewing leases on significant office space and has explored consolidating operations to other states, which could lead to a reduction of about 1,500 jobs in New York."], ["20250828", "Ford Motor Company's South African unit plans to lay off over 470 employees across its Silverton car assembly plant and Struandale engine plant due to evolving market demands. The move, confirmed by both Ford and the South African Solidarity union, reflects challenges faced by the country's automotive industry, including economic pressures and unfavorable government policies. The union warns of potential further job losses in the sector without significant intervention and economic reform."], ["20250828", "JM Smucker Co. is planning to raise coffee prices by approximately 25% for the fiscal year to mitigate the impact of tariffs and \"record-high\" green coffee bean costs. Despite missed earnings expectations and a stock drop, the company's coffee sales continue to perform strongly, particularly Caf\u00e9 Bustelo. CEO Mark Smucker also noted that GLP-1 drugs have not meaningfully impacted the company's snack categories."], ["20250828", "The Coca-Cola Company is emphasizing the autonomy and local sourcing of its Brazilian operations amidst global geopolitical tensions and U.S. tariffs. With planned investments of R$7 billion in Brazil this year, the company highlights its significant contribution to the Brazilian economy, generating 0.7% of the country's GDP and over 574,000 jobs. This strategy helps mitigate the impact of tariffs and supply chain volatility, ensuring continued growth and stability in its fourth-largest market by sales volume."], ["20250828", "Huntsman Corporation and Subsidiaries are challenging a $7.7 million income tax deficiency determined by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue for their 2017 tax year. The dispute centers on the calculation of the 2017 I.R.C. \u00a7960 Foreign Tax Credit, specifically regarding the application of a \"hovering deficit\" to reduce the deemed paid foreign tax credit. Huntsman alleges errors in the Commissioner's determination and lack of proper explanation for the deficiency."], ["20250828", "Douglas County received an 'AAA' credit rating affirmation from S&P Global Ratings, recognizing its strong financial practices, thriving economy, and long-term resilience. This top-tier rating, held since August 2014, signals financial stability, flexibility, and a positive outlook for the community, attracting businesses and assuring residents of predictable taxes and essential services. The affirmation highlights the county's effective management of growth and fiscal pressures."], ["20250827", "Dr. Reddy's Laboratories has obtained an interim stay from the Telangana High Court on income tax reassessment proceedings related to a merger, potentially halting a substantial demand of \u20b92,395.00 crore. Concurrently, Cipla is recalling over 20,000 packs of Ibuterol Sulfate Inhalation Aerosol in the US, while Biocon Pharma received tentative FDA approval for Sitagliptin Tablets USP for type 2 diabetes treatment. The article also includes a separate report detailing how Dr. Reddy's \"strongly believes that there is no escapement of tax\" from the merger and expresses optimism regarding GST reforms."], ["20250827", "Nvidia reported Q2 results slightly above Wall Street expectations, with revenue soaring 56% to a record $46.7 billion, but data center revenue and lower-end guidance for the current quarter fell short of estimates, leading to a 3% stock dip in after-hours trading. Investors are closely watching CEO Jensen Huang's comments on the company's outlook, China business, and next-generation product pipeline, particularly the forthcoming Rubin platform and the potential $50 billion China market opportunity. Despite these mixed results and ongoing China trade policy headwinds, analysts remain overwhelmingly bullish on Nvidia's long-term prospects due to strong AI demand."], ["20250827", "HANetf has listed its Future of Defence UCITS ETF (ticker: NATO) on the Warsaw Stock Exchange, targeting investors interested in defence and cyber security companies in NATO and allied countries. This move aligns with Poland's significant increase in defence spending and growing demand for ETFs. The ETF has already amassed $2.8 billion in assets under management, with strong inflows in 2025, and focuses on firms benefiting from the rising military budgets of NATO members."], ["20250827", "NAPCO Security Technologies reported strong Q4 and full-year 2025 results, with a 10% increase in monthly recurring service revenue (RSR) to $22.4 million, even amidst macroeconomic uncertainty and tariff pressures. The company implemented a strategic 8.5% pricing adjustment to mitigate tariff impacts and is investing heavily in R&D, particularly in its new cloud-based access control system, MVP, which is expected to be a significant future growth driver. NAPCO's leadership attributes its success to operational discipline, a stable recurring revenue model, and proactive responses to market challenges."], ["20250827", "Cadiz Inc., in partnership with RIC Energy, plans to establish a green hydrogen production facility in the Mojave Desert, aiming to produce 50 tonnes of hydrogen daily using solar power. This project is a contentious comeback for Cadiz Inc., which previously faced opposition for its water pumping proposals. While proponents highlight its potential for clean energy, water banking, and federal funding, environmentalists criticize it as \"greenwash\" potentially jeopardizing scarce desert water resources."], ["20250827", "Packaging Corporation of America (PCA) is moving forward with a detailed engineering and design study for carbon capture and storage after a successful pilot project. This initiative supports PCA's goal to capture and permanently store 1.75 million metric tons of biogenic CO2 annually by 2040, utilizing saline aquifers at four of its mill locations. The company aims for carbon-negative energy production, supported by tax credits from the Inflation Reduction Act."], ["20250827", "Williams-Sonoma reported significant Q2 gains, with net revenue up 2.7% to $1.84 billion and net earnings up 14.1% to $247.6 million. The company raised its fiscal year 2025 net revenue guidance due to strong performance across three of its four retail divisions. Despite macroeconomic uncertainty and increased tariffs, Williams-Sonoma anticipates annual net revenues in the range of +0.5% to +3.5%."], ["20250826", "IperionX has secured $12.5 million in U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) funding, part of a larger $47.1 million award, to significantly expand its titanium production capacity at its Virginia Titanium Manufacturing Campus to over 1,000 metric tons annually. This funding will be used for essential capital equipment and follows a previous $5 million obligation for the Titan Critical Minerals Project, bringing the total DoD funding to $17.5 million. The move aims to strengthen the U.S. Defense Industrial Base and establish a resilient, low-cost, and fully integrated domestic titanium supply chain."], ["20250826", "Michigan Attorney General Dana Nessel is seeking to reduce DTE's requested $574 million rate increase by nearly 75%, proposing a 2.5% hike for households. Nessel argues that a significant portion of the increase would not meaningfully improve service but instead enrich executives and shareholders, advocating for prioritization of vegetation management to decrease outages. DTE, in response, states that residential bills are below the national average and their investments in grid improvements led to a 70% reduction in outage time in 2024."], ["20250826", "Riot Platforms (RIOT) stock is trending up, driven by significant investments and a strong cryptocurrency market outlook. Despite summer operational challenges and the upcoming Bitcoin halving, the company achieved a notable increase in Bitcoin production and posted a Q2 EBITDA of $495.3 million, recovering from previous losses. Analyst ratings have been upgraded to \"Buy,\" and the potential inclusion of cryptocurrencies in 401(k) portfolios, alongside anticipated government reports on digital assets, suggests a promising future for Riot Platforms."], ["20250826", "The cannabis sector is experiencing significant growth in 2025, driven by potential federal reclassification of marijuana and increasing demand for alternative therapies. The AdvisorShares Pure US Cannabis ETF (MSOS) has emerged as the top-performing cannabis ETF this year, gaining over 30%. This ETF focuses exclusively on U.S. cannabis companies, with a concentrated portfolio, and is benefiting from policy shifts and strategic business maneuvers within the industry."], ["20250826", "The Trump administration is considering taking stakes in domestic defence contractors such as Lockheed Martin, as confirmed by US Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick. This potential move is part of a broader push by Trump to increase US investments in key industries, following recent similar actions with Intel, US Steel, MP Materials, Nvidia, and AMD. Critics argue this could prioritize financial success over strategic considerations and blur the lines between government and regulated companies, while supporters like Senator Bernie Sanders believe taxpayers deserve a return on federal investments in profitable companies."], ["20250826", "Beam Global announced the renewal of its U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) contract through October 31, 2030, with potential extensions to 2040. The contract now includes Cooperative Purchasing, allowing state and local governments to purchase Beam's EV charging and energy security solutions directly through the GSA MAS program. This streamlines procurement and makes Beam's FEMA-listed products eligible for Disaster Purchasing status, further expanding their availability to educational institutions and governmental bodies."], ["20250826", "Electromed, Inc. has released its annual Form 10-K report, revealing a robust financial performance with a 17.0% increase in total revenue to $64 million and a 46.3% increase in net income to $7.537 million for fiscal 2025. The company, known for its SmartVest\u00ae Airway Clearance System, outlines strategic initiatives for growth, including sales force expansion and increasing brand awareness, while also addressing challenges such as market competition, healthcare reimbursement complexities, and macroeconomic conditions. The report details the company's financial highlights, business operations, and future outlook, emphasizing its direct-to-patient model and efforts to mitigate risks."], ["20250825", "Michigan Attorney General Dana Nessel is advocating for a nearly 75% reduction to DTE Energy's latest $574 million rate hike request, arguing that most of it does not meaningfully improve service. If approved as DTE requested, residential electric bills could increase by 11%, or $13.50 per month on average. Nessel's office filed extensive testimony to support her position, emphasizing the need for affordable and reliable energy while criticizing the recurring nature of rate hike requests from utility companies like DTE and Consumers Energy."], ["20250825", "The article discusses the critical mineral supply crunch in the U.S. and highlights Resolution Minerals Ltd. (OTCQB: RLMLF) as a new player. Resolution Minerals is drilling at its Horse Heaven Project in Idaho, which is adjacent to Perpetua Resources' Stibnite deposit, and historically supplied critical minerals during past wars. The company aims to leverage U.S. federal support and growing interest in domestic critical mineral production to secure its strategic position."], ["20250825", "U.S. Senator Lisa Murkowski recently visited Nova Minerals' Estelle Gold and Critical Minerals Project in Alaska, highlighting the project's strategic importance for American mineral security, particularly for antimony. Nova's project is recognized as one of only two in the U.S. with near-term antimony production capability, a critical defense material. This high-level recognition, along with governmental support, positions Estelle as a key asset for domestic mineral supply chains and national security."], ["20250825", "The city of Dallas is offering Scotiabank over $2.7 million in economic incentives, including tax abatements and job relocation funds, to entice the bank to open its next 100,000-square-foot U.S. office hub in the city. Scotiabank is considering Dallas and Charlotte, North Carolina, for the new office, which could create over 1,000 jobs with an average salary of $135,000. This move would further establish Dallas as a financial services hub, following similar expansions by Goldman Sachs."], ["20250825", "Korean Air has placed its largest-ever order for 103 Boeing airplanes and GE Aerospace engines, valued at $50 billion. This significant deal coincides with South Korean President Lee Jae Myung's visit to Washington, reinforcing trade relations. The order, comprising 787s, 777s, and 737s, will primarily replace existing aircraft and support Korean Air's expansion plans, including integrating with Asiana Airlines."], ["20250825", "Charter Communications is facing a new securities class action lawsuit alleging the company misled investors about the financial impact of the Affordable Connectivity Program's cancellation. Investors claim Charter failed to disclose the true extent of subscriber and revenue declines, despite initially stating the impact was \"behind us.\" This lawsuit follows a significant drop in Charter's stock price after its Q2 2025 earnings report revealed a loss of 117,000 broadband subscribers."], ["20250825", "The York Water Company is proposing rate increases that could raise residential water bills by $10.50 to $16 monthly and wastewater bills by $6 to $38. The Pennsylvania Utility Commission is holding four public hearings this week\u2014two in-person and two by telephone\u2014to allow customers to weigh in on the proposed changes. Customers wishing to testify during the telephone hearings are encouraged to pre-register."], ["20250825", "Xcel Energy's plan to close coal power plants by 2030 presents an opportunity for Colorado to transition to 100% clean energy. While Xcel proposes new gas-fired plants and considers nuclear energy, the author argues for an entirely renewable, nuclear-free future, emphasizing the state's significant wind, solar, and geothermal potential. This approach would benefit Colorado's health and economy, prevent climate disasters, and align with global examples of successful renewable grids."], ["20250825", "Lockheed Martin has secured a $720 million contract modification from the U.S. Army to continue the production of Hellfire and Joint Air-to-Ground Missiles (JAGM). This award brings the total contract value to approximately $1.49 billion, with work scheduled to continue through September 30, 2028, at Lockheed Martin\u2019s Ocala, Florida plant. The contract supports both U.S. forces and allied nations, ensuring the continued supply of these crucial air-to-ground precision weapons."], ["20250824", "L3Harris Technologies has completed a $100 million expansion of its satellite integration and test facility in Palm Bay, Florida. This expansion supports the Department of Defense's urgent need for on-orbit technology for \"America's Golden Dome,\" a strategic capability to be delivered during President Trump\u2019s second term. The investment adds to the Space Coast's capabilities and reinforces L3Harris's commitment to national missile warning and defense."], ["20250823", "Vulcan Materials Company, a major American construction materials producer, is engaged in a high-level legal dispute with the Mexican government over the expropriation of its quarry and deep-water port in the Yucatan Peninsula. The Mexican government, under President L\u00f3pez Obrador and subsequently President Sheinbaum, alleges environmental damage and contract violations, while Vulcan has sought over $1.5 billion in compensation and enlisted US congressional support through the proposed Defending American Property Abroad (DAPA) Act of 2025 to protect its interests."], ["20250823", "The U.S. government, under President Donald Trump, will acquire a 9.9% equity stake in Intel for $8.9 billion, converting government grants from the CHIPS Act and the Secure Enclave program into an ownership share. This move, aiming to bolster Intel's struggling foundry business and ensure domestic chip production, reflects a growing trend of unusual government intervention in corporate America. The deal comes after previous tensions between Trump and Intel CEO Lip-Bu Tan, and analysts question if the cash infusion will be enough to help Intel catch up to competitors like TSMC and Nvidia."], ["20250822", "Intel has agreed to sell an $8.9 billion stake in its company to the U.S. government, with nearly $6 billion funded by previously awarded CHIPS and Science Act grants. This move, championed by President Trump, aims to boost U.S. chip manufacturing and reflects Intel's current financial struggles and need for capital. The deal has drawn criticism from some U.S. Senators who view it as corporate extortion."], ["20250822", "AstraZeneca shares appear fairly valued, trading at just over 10% year-to-date and below Morningstar's fair value estimate. The company is poised to enter the weight loss market to rival Eli Lilly and has a strong pipeline of cancer drugs, with one breast cancer treatment already generating significant sales and another potentially bringing in $6 billion by 2030. Despite market risks, analysts are confident in AstraZeneca's oncology portfolio and its strategic investments in the US, suggesting a positive outlook for its revenue targets."], ["20250822", "Delek US Holdings, Inc. has commended the EPA's decision to grant over half of its pending small refinery exemptions for the years 2019-2024. CEO Avigal Soreq stated that these exemptions would ensure affordable energy prices and high-paying jobs, expressing confidence in the current administration's continued support for small refineries. The company looks forward to collaborating with the Administration, EPA, and Department of Energy to advance American energy dominance and economic progress."], ["20250822", "Johnson & Johnson announced a $2 billion investment to build a new factory in North Carolina, aiming to boost domestic production. This move comes as President Donald Trump threatens to impose tariffs of up to 250% on imported pharmaceuticals. Other healthcare giants like Eli Lilly and AstraZeneca are also expanding US manufacturing in response to these potential tariffs."], ["20250822", "Cato Corporation reported a strong rebound in profitability for Q2 2025, with net income rising to $6.8 million on a 5% increase in sales and 9% same-store sales growth. Despite this, H1 net income slipped slightly to $10.1 million. The CEO warned of challenging conditions in the second half of 2025 due to continued uncertainty surrounding tariffs and their potential impact on product acquisition costs, leading to a focus on expense management."], ["20250822", "Texas Instruments is undertaking a $60 billion manufacturing megaproject in the U.S., with Apple committing to produce iPhone chips at TI's new fabrication plants in Utah and Texas. This expansion comes despite recent stock price volatility for TI due to weak guidance and tariff concerns, though analysts believe TI is well-positioned to benefit from U.S. manufacturing incentives. The project aims to significantly increase TI's chip production capacity and create 60,000 U.S. jobs, leveraging existing infrastructure and federal/state support."], ["20250822", "Johnson & Johnson has signed a $2 billion, ten-year deal with Fujifilm Biotechnologies to expand its US manufacturing capabilities, utilizing a facility at Fujifilm's North Carolina site. This move aims to onshore production, create 120 new jobs, and aligns with US government incentives to redirect investment towards domestic manufacturing, following J&J's broader commitment of $55 billion to boost US infrastructure."], ["20250822", "The US government has announced it will take a 10% stake in chipmaker Intel, an investment of $8.9 billion from previously awarded grants under the CHIPS and Science Act. This move aims to strengthen US leadership in semiconductors and secure America's technological edge, particularly as Intel has struggled against rivals like Nvidia and faced scrutiny over its CEO's alleged ties to China. The deal is considered rare but has historical parallels and is seen as a \"creative idea\" to advance US economic and national security objectives."], ["20250821", "The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power (LADWP) has launched its Commercial Direct Install (CDI) Program, offering no-cost energy efficiency upgrades to small to medium-sized businesses and large commercial customers. This program aims to help businesses cut energy costs, reduce usage, and supports Los Angeles's goals for 100% carbon-free energy by 2035. The initiative, implemented with Willdan Group Inc., also focuses on community impact by creating local jobs, supporting apprenticeship opportunities, and prioritizing participation from historically disadvantaged communities."], ["20250821", "U.S. oilfield services company Weatherford International is expanding its operations in Russia, defying tighter U.S. sanctions aimed at cutting off oil revenue supporting Russia's war in Ukraine, as reported by the Financial Times. Despite competitors selling off their Russian units, Weatherford remains active, with its Russian revenue accounting for 7% of its total global sales in the first half of 2025. Experts suggest companies like Weatherford and SLB are structuring their Russian businesses as autonomous units, making it difficult to transfer profits out of Russia due to local restrictions and potential U.S. legal violations."], ["20250821", "Shares of several solar power companies, including Sunrun, First Solar, and SolarEdge Technologies, declined after former President Donald Trump criticized clean energy sources. Trump stated his administration would not approve new wind or solar projects, diverting funds from green initiatives, which caused investor concern despite a recent strong rally in the sector."], ["20250821", "Johnson & Johnson is investing an additional $2 billion in its U.S. manufacturing operations, building on a $55 billion commitment made in March. This move comes as former President Donald Trump continues to threaten the biopharma industry with significant tariffs on imported products, potentially reaching up to 250%. The investment includes a 10-year agreement with Fujifilm for a production plant in North Carolina, creating approximately 120 new jobs."], ["20250821", "Plaintiffs have appealed to the U.S. 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals after a federal district court a second time dismissed their 401(k)-plan forfeiture complaint suit against Honeywell International. The complaint alleged that Honeywell breached its fiduciary duties by using 401(k) forfeiture funds to offset contributions rather than to pay down plan expenses. The district court judge dismissed the case with prejudice, stating the plaintiffs failed to show Honeywell's use of forfeitures damaged plan participants."], ["20250821", "Est\u00e9e Lauder Companies reported further losses and a challenging outlook, including a $100 million hit from tariffs, despite management's claims that its turnaround plan is on track. While fragrance sales showed growth and expansion into new distribution channels is underway, core brands still face struggles, especially with competition and declining sales in key markets like China. The company is implementing strategies like brand portfolio review, cost-cutting, and a new pricing approach, but acknowledges that a full recovery will be a prolonged effort."], ["20250821", "U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) is rapidly expanding migrant detention capacity by issuing no-bid contracts to private prison firms like CoreCivic and Geo Group. This spending surge, fueled by an declared emergency at the border and a presidential push for mass deportations, has significantly boosted the companies' profits and stock prices. The expansion faces resistance, as seen in Leavenworth, Kansas, where a lawsuit was filed against CoreCivic over its attempt to reopen a facility without city approval, and concerns rise over the conditions within these private prisons."], ["20250821", "The Trump administration has extended its order forcing Consumers Energy to keep the JH Campbell coal-fired power plant in West Olive, Michigan, open until November 19, despite the utility's plans for its retirement to save costs and reduce emissions. This marks the second such order, overriding state and regional energy regulators who see no imminent energy shortages and criticize the administration for short-term grid planning. Michigan's Attorney General is suing over the initial order, citing unnecessary costs, pollution, and federal overreach, while environmentalists decry the move as costly and unnecessary, especially as the Trump administration pushes fossil fuels and rejects new wind and solar projects."], ["20250821", "North Carolina Governor Josh Stein and Thermo Fisher Scientific celebrated the opening of a new 375,000-square-foot biotech manufacturing facility in Mebane. This facility, which will produce 40 million precision pipette tips per week, is expected to significantly boost the local supply chain and enhance North Carolina's $88.3 billion biotech industry. The expansion is supported by a $192.5 million contract from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and is creating numerous jobs, further solidifying the state's reputation as a leading biotech hub."], ["20250821", "Entegris, Inc. is investing $700 million in domestic R&D over several years to accelerate semiconductor innovation, in collaboration with the Trump Administration. A significant portion of this investment will establish a new U.S. Technology Center in Aurora, Illinois. This investment complements a previous $700 million commitment for a manufacturing center in Colorado, bringing Entegris' total planned U.S. investment to $1.4 billion to strengthen the domestic semiconductor ecosystem."], ["20250821", "International Paper announced the closure of two pulp and paper mills in Savannah and Riceboro, Georgia, along with a Savannah packaging facility, resulting in approximately 1,100 layoffs. This move significantly reduces the company's annual containerboard capacity by 1 million tons and delivers a major blow to Georgia\u2019s timber industry. State and federal leaders are exploring ways to increase demand for timber products, including biomass for sustainable aviation fuel and changes to renewable fuel standards."], ["20250821", "International Paper has announced the closure of its Savannah and Riceboro locations, impacting approximately 1,100 hourly and salaried positions. The closures, expected to occur in phases by the end of September, are part of the company's strategic transformation. Local and state leaders, including Savannah Mayor Van Johnson and Georgia Governor Brian Kemp, have expressed deep concern for the affected employees and the regional economy, pledging support and assistance."], ["20250821", "The Gabelli Convertible and Income Securities Fund Inc. (NYSE:GCV) has declared a cash distribution of $0.12 per share, payable on September 23, 2025, to shareholders of record on September 16, 2025. The Fund aims to maintain a minimum annual distribution of 8% of its average net asset value, in line with IRS requirements for regulated investment companies. While distributions may involve a return of capital, the Fund provides estimated components, with current estimates for 2025 suggesting distributions are approximately 13% from net investment income and 87% from return of capital."], ["20250821", "The Gabelli Global Small and Mid Cap Value Trust (NYSE:GGZ) has declared a third-quarter cash distribution of $0.16 per share, payable on September 23, 2025, to shareholders of record on September 16, 2025. The Fund aims to pay a quarterly distribution, with a potential additional adjusting distribution in December to meet IRS requirements. The Board of Directors monitors the distribution level, and the policy can be modified at any time, with the distribution's tax treatment potentially including net investment income, capital gains, or a return of capital."], ["20250821", "Utility companies in states like Pennsylvania and New Jersey are pushing for legislation to regain the ability to build and own power plants, a power they largely lost during deregulation in the 1990s and 2000s. They argue this is necessary to address rising electricity demand from data centers and ensure reliability, but consumer advocates and independent power producers contend it's a \"cash grab\" that would shift risks onto ratepayers and increase profits for utilities. The debate highlights differing views on how to best ensure a reliable and affordable electricity supply in competitive markets versus traditionally regulated systems."], ["20250821", "Johnson & Johnson is investing $2 billion over 10 years for a manufacturing facility at Fujifilm Biotechnologies' campus in Holly Springs, North Carolina. This deal, creating 120 new jobs, is part of J&J's broader $55 billion U.S. investment plan and comes amidst a push for U.S. manufacturing and potential tariffs on foreign-made medicines."], ["20250821", "Bed Bath & Beyond's executive chairman, Marcus Lemonis, announced that the company will not open any physical stores in California due to what he describes as an \"overregulated, expensive and risky\" business environment in the state. This decision comes as the Brand House Collective, which manages the Bed Bath & Beyond brand, begins to open new, smaller format stores in other markets, starting with Nashville. While the company aims to expand, California is not currently part of its roadmap until business conditions change."], ["20250821", "Governor Josh Stein attended the ribbon-cutting ceremony for Thermo Fisher Scientific's new facility in Mebane, North Carolina, highlighting the state's growing leadership in the biotech industry. The new facility will create over 100 jobs and contribute to domestic supply chains for diagnostic testing and scientific research. This expansion is supported by a $192.5 million investment and further strengthens North Carolina's life sciences sector, which already employs over 225,000 people."], ["20250821", "Johnson & Johnson announced a $2 billion investment to build a new biopharmaceutical facility in Holly Springs, NC, creating 120 jobs. This investment is part of J&J's broader $55 billion commitment to strengthen U.S. manufacturing, R&D, and innovation, influenced by legislation like the One Big Beautiful Bill Act. Other pharmaceutical companies, such as AbbVie, Regeneron, AstraZeneca, Merck, and Thermo Fisher, are also increasing their U.S. investments to avoid tariffs and enhance domestic infrastructure."], ["20250820", "Florida Power & Light Company (FPL) and ten stakeholder groups have filed a four-year rate settlement agreement with state regulators. This agreement significantly reduces FPL's initial revenue request by approximately 30%, aiming to keep residential customer bills in Northwest Florida relatively flat for the next two years and below the projected national average through 2029. The proposal supports continued investments in grid infrastructure and new generation while maintaining consumer protections and addressing Florida's growth needs."], ["20250820", "Bitcoin miner Bitdeer plans to expand its U.S. rig manufacturing despite slimmer profits, aiming to navigate potential Trump tariffs through crypto-friendly resolutions. The company increased revenue in Q2 but reported a net loss, and its stock is down year-to-date. Bitdeer intends to focus on self-mining and manufacturing rather than pivoting to a cryptocurrency treasury strategy, even as Bitcoin mining faces increasing difficulty and competitive pressures."], ["20250820", "Bed Bath & Beyond announced that it will not open new stores in California due to the state's \"overregulated, expensive, and risky environments for businesses.\" Executive Chairman Marcus Lemonis stated that while the company aims for a comeback with stores in \"almost every other state,\" Californians can still shop online. This decision comes as the brand, acquired by Overstock.com (now Beyond, Inc.) after its 2023 bankruptcy, begins rolling out revamped \"Bed Bath & Beyond Home\" stores, starting with one in Nashville and planning up to 75 by 2026."], ["20250820", "Residents and lawmakers are demanding transparency regarding the Advanced Manufacturing District in Mundy Township after a prospective semiconductor company, Sandisk Corporation, withdrew its plans. Concerns were raised during a Michigan House Oversight Subcommittee meeting about the significant state investment in the vacant site, the lack of notification to residents whose properties are affected, and potential environmental impacts on water quality. While economic development proponents emphasize job creation, critics highlight issues of secrecy and the project's uncertain future."], ["20250820", "M&T Realty Capital Corp. is providing financing for the development of a 47-unit mixed-income property called 247 Hancock in Boston's Dorchester neighborhood. The project will include 35 affordable housing units and is being developed by Arx Urban and Boston Communities with support from the city and state. Key financing includes a Freddie Mac unfunded forward commitment, a construction loan, and a tax credit equity investment."], ["20250820", "Odyssey Marine Exploration announced strong second-quarter 2025 results, highlighting significant financial strengthening through investor exercises and debt conversion, funding operations into 2026. The company emphasized growing global policy support for ocean minerals, particularly noting a cooperation agreement between the U.S. and the Cook Islands which reinforces the value of their polymetallic nodule projects. Odyssey is leveraging this momentum with diversified projects and expects to realize the benefits of its long-term efforts in the emerging ocean mineral industry."], ["20250820", "This article introduces Global X S&P 500 Covered Call ETF (03415) as a stable investment option in U.S. stocks. It highlights the ETF's dual benefits of providing income and tax advantages, positioning it as a new choice for investors seeking consistent returns."], ["20250820", "Governor JB Pritzker announced that Richardson Electronics, Ltd. will expand its manufacturing headquarters in La Fox, Illinois, with a capital investment exceeding $8.5 million. This expansion, supported by the REV Illinois program, will retain nearly 200 jobs and create 54 new full-time positions focusing on developing next-generation battery energy storage system (BESS) technologies. The initiative aims to support electric grid stability, reduce electricity costs, and advance renewable energy integration while strengthening Illinois' clean energy economy."], ["20250820", "Home Depot reported strong quarterly demand metrics despite higher interest rates and tariffs. An analyst suggests that tariff-related price increases, possibly due to fewer promotional deals, might have contributed to these robust numbers. The company's performance was also influenced by a rise in smaller home-improvement projects."], ["20250820", "This article provides detailed information on the Northern Trust Tax-Exempt Bond ETF (TAXT), including its price, chart, key statistics, and investment strategy. TAXT aims to provide tax-exempt income by investing in investment-grade municipal bonds and is passively managed to track the ICE All Maturity Focused Municipal Bond Index. The article also covers frequently asked questions about ETFs, TAXT's performance, fund flows, expense ratio, and dividend payments."], ["20250820", "Textron\u2019s Airborne Tactical Advantage Company (ATAC) has secured an initial task order to provide chase flight support services for F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft to the US Defense Contract Management Agency. This contract, valued up to approximately $7.82m over 27 months, involves ATAC's aircraft acting as chase planes during F-16 initial and product assurance flights from Donaldson Field, South Carolina. The agreement marks ATAC's second engagement in research, development, test, and evaluation services, expanding its portfolio beyond Adversary Air and Close Air Support."], ["20250819", "Booking Holdings, parent company of Booking.com, Priceline.com, and Kayak, has settled a lawsuit with the state of Texas for $9.5 million. The lawsuit alleged that Booking Holdings engaged in \"drip pricing\" by omitting mandatory \"junk fees\" from initial hotel room prices, thus deceiving consumers. This settlement is the largest of its kind by a U.S. state against an online travel agency for \"junk fee\" practices, requiring Booking to disclose all fees upfront."], ["20250819", "Serbia has reportedly signed a five-year, $1.63 billion defense contract with Israeli firm Elbit Systems for advanced weapons and surveillance technologies. This significant deal includes long-range precision artillery rockets, various unmanned aerial systems with AI capabilities, and intelligence and electronic warfare systems. The agreement marks Serbia's largest known arms purchase from Israel and is part of its efforts to modernize its military."], ["20250819", "Despite reporting strong earnings, Dynatrace's stock has been sluggish, possibly due to market concerns over underlying factors. The company received an unusual US$241m tax benefit, which is likely a one-off event and could make future statutory profits appear lower in its absence. While Dynatrace has shown impressive EPS growth, investors should consider this unique tax situation when evaluating the company's true earning potential."], ["20250819", "Comcast announced it will award 500 new grant packages to entrepreneurs in Boston, Grand Rapids, Nashville, Seattle, and South Valley, UT, through its Comcast RISE initiative. These grants, comprising a technology makeover, creative production, educational resources, a $5,000 monetary grant, and business consultation, aim to support small business growth and strengthen local communities. Now in its fifth year, Comcast RISE has provided $160 million in resources to 14,500 small businesses nationwide."], ["20250819", "The Trump administration is reportedly considering taking a 10% stake in Intel, potentially making the U.S. government the chipmaker's largest shareholder. This deal could involve converting some or all of Intel's CHIPS and Science Act grants into equity, an amount valued at roughly $10.4 billion based on Intel's current market value. This move highlights the administration's interest in building government-backed national champions in strategic industries and revitalizing U.S. leadership in semiconductor manufacturing, despite Trump's past criticism of the CHIPS Act."], ["20250819", "GE Vernova announced an investment of at least $41 million in its Schenectady plant, creating 50 new union jobs. This expansion will focus on generator operations through renovations, new equipment, and employee training. The investment is supported by up to $1 million in New York's Excelsior Jobs Program tax credits and adds to over $130 million already invested since 2023."], ["20250819", "Home Depot announced that tariffs introduced by President Donald Trump would lead to some price increases on certain products, but these would not be widespread. Despite missing second-quarter earnings expectations, the company's stock surged as investors focused on acceleration in U.S. sales, suggesting a potential end to the home-improvement spending slump."], ["20250819", "Home Depot announced that tariffs imposed by President Donald Trump would lead to selective price increases on some products, though these increases would not be widespread. Despite missing second-quarter earnings expectations, the company's stock rose due to accelerating sales in U.S. stores, suggesting a potential recovery in home improvement spending. Investors interpreted these sales figures as a sign that the slump in home-improvement spending might be ending."], ["20250819", "HCA Healthcare Inc. agreed to a $3.5 million settlement with the attorneys general of California, Colorado, and Nevada concerning alleged consumer protection and labor law violations related to training repayment agreements (TRAs) for new nurses. The settlement prohibits HCA from enforcing TRAs in these states and requires restitution and penalties, underscoring the legal risks of perceived unfair employment practices. This case highlights the role of state attorneys general in enforcing consumer protection laws and the importance for healthcare companies to review recruitment and employment practices for transparency and fairness."], ["20250818", "Entergy Louisiana is seeking fast-tracked approval for three new gas-fired power plants to supply 2.3 gigawatts of power for a Meta data center in Richland Parish. Consumer advocates are challenging the proposal, arguing that Entergy bypassed competitive bidding and failed to adequately assess alternatives or long-term costs to ratepayers, especially since Meta's 15-year contract covers only half the typical lifespan of gas plants, potentially leaving consumers responsible for billions in costs if Meta exits early. The Louisiana Public Service Commission is set to vote on the project on August 20, potentially before an administrative law judge issues recommendations on ongoing legal challenges."], ["20250818", "F/m Investments and Compoundr LLC have launched the F/m Compoundr ETF series, the first fixed-income ETFs designed to mitigate the tax burden on dividends. These Nasdaq-listed ETFs use a strategy of rotating portfolio investments before ex-dividend dates to shift returns towards deferred capital gains. The goal is to provide investors with greater control over the timing and nature of taxable income, particularly benefiting trusts and tax-sensitive accounts."], ["20250818", "Ken Toole criticizes NorthWestern Energy's plan to supply 1,000 megawatts to a data center, arguing that the monopoly utility is taking unnecessary risks with customer money. He draws parallels to past misguided ventures by NorthWestern Energy and its predecessor, Montana Power Company, which led to rate increases and economic instability for Montana residents. Toole warns that the current state of government and regulatory bodies leaves consumers vulnerable to corporate greed."], ["20250818", "U.S. stocks saw mixed performance with major indices nearly flat, as traders awaited retail earnings and a speech from Fed Chairman Jerome Powell. Crypto mining companies are increasingly adopting AI, driving a 16.68% increase in a 2x leveraged RIOT ETF, while news of the Trump administration's interest in acquiring a 10% stake in Intel led to a 7.49% drop in a 2x leveraged INTC ETF. The article also highlights top gainers and decliners across various U.S. ETFs, including those in cannabis, clean energy, and bond sectors."], ["20250818", "FTI Consulting advised a U.S. private equity fund on the tax structuring for its acquisition of a UK industrial manufacturer and the redomicile of the business to the United States. They delivered out-from-under tax planning, facilitating a stepped-up tax basis and eliminating historic foreign earnings. This strategy generated significant tax savings and ensured long-term regulatory compliance and transaction efficiency for the client."], ["20250818", "The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) has approved cost recovery pathways for Consumers Energy and Constellation Energy after the Department of Energy (DOE) ordered them to continue operating power plants slated for retirement. Costs for Consumers Energy's J.H. Campbell plant will be shared across the Midcontinent Independent System Operator (MISO) northern and central regions, while Constellation's Eddystone plant costs will be spread across the PJM Interconnection footprint. Both companies must seek further FERC approval to recoup expenses, and the commission dismissed calls to delay cost allocation decisions pending litigation against the DOE orders."], ["20250818", "Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. applauds the U.S. Department of Commerce's decision to enforce 50% steel tariffs on electrical steel laminations, cores, and certain stainless steel automotive exhaust parts. This action, effective immediately, aims to combat tariff circumvention schemes from Mexico and Canada that have undermined the domestic market. CEO Lourenco Goncalves stated this measure would protect American steel producers and support investments in domestic manufacturing operations, ensuring the production of \"Made in USA\" automobiles, appliances, and electrical transformers."], ["20250818", "Charter Communications CEO Chris Winfrey and CFO Jessica Fischer are facing a class action lawsuit alleging they misled investors about the financial impact of the Affordable Connectivity Program's termination. The lawsuit claims their statements caused Charter's stock to trade at artificially inflated prices before a subsequent earnings report revealed significant subscriber losses and led to a nearly $10 billion drop in market value. Despite the stock decline, Winfrey has continued to purchase Charter stock, with both recent investments currently underwater."], ["20250818", "Ukraine is reportedly proposing a $150 billion deal to purchase American weapons and collaborate on drone production, funded by Europe, in exchange for a U.S. security guarantee. This substantial commitment could significantly benefit major U.S. defense contractors like RTX Corp. (NYSE: RTX), Lockheed Martin Corp. (NYSE: LMT), and Northrop Grumman Corp. (NYSE: NOC), particularly for air defense systems and drone initiatives. The proposal aligns with former President Trump's preference for commercial arms sales over aid, potentially providing a major windfall for the U.S. defense industry."], ["20250818", "Landstar System is considering selling its Mexico-based Landstar Metro business due to unfulfilled business goals and uncertainties stemming from U.S.-Mexico trade policies and tariffs. The company has engaged a financial advisor and anticipates a deal could occur this year, emphasizing that any changes will not disrupt its U.S.-Mexico cross-border services. This potential divestment contrasts with other logistics companies that are expanding their Mexican operations, even as some face challenges due to fluctuating trade negotiations and decreased demand."], ["20250817", "A New York appeals court has granted Argentina's request to suspend the transfer of 51% of YPF shares, a positive development for President Javier Milei's government. This decision allows Argentina to retain its majority stake in the state energy firm while it appeals a US$16.1 billion ruling related to the 2012 nationalisation of YPF. The original ruling by Judge Loretta Preska ordered the share transfer to satisfy a payment to minority shareholders Petersen Energ\u00eda and Eton Park Capital."], ["20250816", "Duke Energy is proposing to merge its electric utility subsidiaries in North and South Carolina, projecting over $1 billion in customer savings over a decade. The utility claims the consolidation of Duke Energy Carolinas and Duke Energy Progress will streamline operations, reduce infrastructure expenses, and simplify rate structures for its 4.7 million customers. The combined entity would still be regulated by state and federal commissions and aims for an effective date of January 1, 2027."], ["20250815", "Eli Lilly has issued a statement addressing drug pricing, innovation, and tariffs, suggesting that to align US drug prices with global levels, prices in other markets may need to increase. The company highlighted its efforts to reduce insulin costs in the US and expressed opposition to pharmaceutical tariffs, arguing they could raise costs and limit access. This statement comes amidst the President's push for lower drug prices and his most-favored-nation order."], ["20250815", "H&R Block Inc. has released its annual 10-K report, highlighting a 4.2% increase in total revenues to $3,760.995 million and a 6.8% rise in diluted EPS to $4.42 for fiscal year 2025. The report details the company's financial performance, strategic initiatives such as expanding digital and small business solutions, and challenges including intense competition and regulatory risks. H&R Block continues to prioritize capital management through share repurchases and dividend increases, while also appointing a new President and CEO, Curtis A. Campbell, effective December 31, 2025."], ["20250815", "St. Clair County is defending its new solar plant regulations against a lawsuit filed by DTE Energy. The county argues its regulations, which cover noise levels, visual pollution, and decommissioning plans, are health-based and thus not preempted by state laws aimed at streamlining renewable energy development. DTE Energy claims the regulations are preempted, while the county asserts Public Act 233 does not apply as DTE has not sought Michigan Public Service Commission certification."], ["20250815", "Borr Drilling is optimistic about its prospects in Mexico due to a government bailout plan for Pemex, which is expected to reduce payment delays and open new opportunities with the private sector. The company, the largest rig operator in Mexican offshore, anticipates increased activity from private investments and expects Pemex's improved liquidity to positively impact its operations. Borr Drilling also noted a significant debt owed by Pemex but foresees progress in collections and potential for new contracts."], ["20250815", "A federal judge denied Bank of America's motion to dismiss a lawsuit alleging the company improperly used forfeited 401(k) assets to offset its own contributions, rather than paying plan expenses. The judge rejected Bank of America's \"settlor capacity\" argument, allowing claims of fiduciary breach under ERISA, violation of the anti-inurement clause, and prohibited transactions to proceed. The case centers on the bank's use of forfeited plan assets, which the plaintiffs argue should have benefited participants, not reduced employer contributions."], ["20250815", "The Federal Trade Commission has unanimously voted to drop a lawsuit against Grand Canyon University's president and former parent organization, Grand Canyon Education. This decision, made on August 15, 2025, reverses a lawsuit originally filed in 2023 under the Biden administration. GCU President Brian Mueller characterized the previous legal action as \"government weaponization\" and celebrated the reversal."], ["20250815", "Applied Materials' stock price slumped after the company projected a decline in revenue for the next quarter, citing trade worries with China and a decrease in customer spending, particularly from Chinese clients. Despite a sixth consecutive quarter of revenue growth and positive long-term outlook for the semiconductor industry, macroeconomic conditions and proposed tariffs by President Donald Trump are causing near-term uncertainty. The company's adjusted earnings of $2.11 per quarter fell short of analyst expectations of $2.39."], ["20250815", "Aemetis released its Q2 earnings, highlighting advancements in its biofuel and biogas initiatives. The article also includes several related news stories from other companies detailing developments in marine biofuel, sustainable aviation fuels, and discussions on production tax credits."], ["20250815", "The Bay City Department of Public Safety is seeking to renew its body-worn camera program through 2030 with a proposed $299,773 contract with Axon Enterprise Inc. The five-year agreement would cover both hardware and software, with annual costs increasing from $55,346 in fiscal year 2026 to $64,747 by 2030. Body cameras are considered essential tools for transparency, accountability, evidence collection, and de-escalation in law enforcement."], ["20250815", "The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has unanimously dismissed its lawsuit against Grand Canyon University\u2019s service provider, Grand Canyon Education, and Brian Mueller, ending years of legal battles. This decision fully exonerates GCU after the lawsuit was dismissed by the U.S. District Court of Arizona and other agencies and courts ruled in GCU's favor regarding similar allegations. GCU President Brian Mueller stated that the accusations were false and part of a politically motivated campaign."], ["20250814", "Philips plans to invest over $150 million in U.S. manufacturing and R&D to expand production of AI-powered health technology innovations, building on its existing $900 million annual R&D investment in the U.S. This investment includes expanding facilities in Reedsville, PA, and Plymouth, MN, creating over 270 new jobs. The aim is to accelerate the delivery of AI-enabled solutions, improving healthcare for more people."], ["20250814", "Barrick Gold and Shandong Gold, joint operators of Argentina's Veladero gold mine, plan to invest $400 million between 2025 and 2028. This investment aims to boost the mine's output by 1.6 million ounces over its lifespan, an initiative submitted under Argentina's Large Investment Incentive Scheme (RIGI) to attract significant capital and support President Javier Milei's economic reforms. The project is projected to generate $3.8 billion in export revenue through 2033."], ["20250814", "Eli Lilly and Company supports the administration's goal of maintaining the U.S. as a leader in biopharmaceutical research and manufacturing, advocating for a rebalancing of medicine prices globally where other developed markets might see increases to allow for lower prices in the U.S. The company highlights its efforts to reduce U.S. patient costs, including scaling Lilly Direct and significantly lowering insulin prices, while also opposing tariffs on pharmaceutical products. Lilly emphasizes the need for strategic incentives to strengthen U.S. manufacturing without compromising access, affordability, innovation, or American leadership."], ["20250814", "The Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission (PUC) has scheduled four public hearings in late August to gather input on York Water Company's proposed water and sewer rate increase. If approved, the rate hike would add an estimated $14.16 per month for water and $35.85 for wastewater to a typical residential customer's bill. Customers are encouraged to pre-register for either the in-person or telephone hearings to provide their testimony."], ["20250814", "Tapestry's shares dropped nearly 16% after the company announced that tariffs would negatively impact its profits, with an expected hit of $160 million for the upcoming fiscal year. Despite this, CFO Scott Roe indicated that consumer demand has not slowed and has even accelerated, attributing the conservative outlook to tariff headwinds rather than business trajectory. The company plans to mitigate tariff costs by leveraging global manufacturing and seeking operational efficiencies."], ["20250814", "John Deere reported fiscal third-quarter earnings that beat Wall Street estimates but stated it took a $200 million hit from global tariffs in the quarter. The company now expects the pretax impact of tariffs for the fiscal 2025 year to reach $600 million, leading to a decrease in its net income outlook. Despite near-term uncertainty, Deere sees potential tailwinds from trade deals and tax policy, along with growing demand in Europe and South America."], ["20250814", "The Kentucky Public Service Commission (PSC) has approved a lower rate increase for Atmos Energy Corporation than the utility had requested. Instead of the proposed $33 million increase, the PSC authorized a $15.7 million increase in revenues, leading to an average residential bill increase of about $6.38, well below the initial $9.59 monthly hike. The PSC also raised the cap on Atmos' Pipeline Replacement Program and expanded its eligibility for safety improvements."], ["20250814", "Applied Materials (AMAT) stock sank 14% after hours following its Q3 FY2025 earnings report. While the company beat revenue and adjusted EPS expectations, its Q4 guidance fell significantly short of Wall Street estimates, primarily due to digestion of capacity in China and non-linear demand from leading-edge customers. CEO Gary Dickerson defended the long-term opportunities for the industry, citing AI-driven investments and global fab expansions, despite near-term headwinds."], ["20250813", "A U.S. appeals court has upheld a ruling requiring private prison operator GEO Group to pay over $23 million to the state of Washington and immigrant detainees. The detainees were paid $1 a day for work in a program, and the court ruled GEO Group is not immune from state minimum wage laws. GEO Group plans to appeal the decision to the U.S. Supreme Court, arguing it violates the Supremacy Clause and intergovernmental immunity."], ["20250813", "WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. has released its Q2 2025 Form 10-Q report, showcasing improved financial and operational metrics due to strategic initiatives. The company reported increased revenue, significant improvements in operating and net income (loss), and growth in ARPPU. While overall global Monthly Active Users decreased, Japan experienced growth, and WEBTOON plans continued investment in marketing and is evaluating the impact of new U.S. tax legislation."], ["20250813", "Smithfield Foods has resumed exports to China following a tariff pause agreed upon by the Trump administration, leading the company to revise its expected year-end operating profit upward by $50 million, now estimated between $1.15 billion and $1.35 billion. CEO Shane Smith announced this during an August 12 shareholder call, highlighting the resilience of their business model despite geopolitical challenges. The company also reported a record second-quarter adjusted operating profit of $298 million, a 20% increase from the previous year, driven by strong performance in its fresh pork and packaged meats segments."], ["20250813", "A federal appeals court has affirmed that The GEO Group, operator of the Tacoma immigrant detention center, must pay over $23 million for violating Washington's minimum wage law. The GEO Group had argued it shouldn't have to pay state minimum wage to detainees participating in a voluntary work program, but lower courts and the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals sided with the state and detainees. This decision upholds previous rulings that found the company's practice of paying detainees as little as $1 per day was illegal."], ["20250813", "Lockheed Martin Corp. has been awarded a $720 million modification to an existing contract for the fourth production year of HELLFIRE/JAGM missiles. This modification increases the total contract value to over $1.49 billion, with work expected to be completed by September 30, 2028, in Ocala, Florida. The U.S. Army Contracting Command is overseeing the contract, funded by the fiscal 2025 missile procurement budget."], ["20250813", "Delta and Aerom\u00e9xico are facing potential dissolution of their antitrust immunity alliance, which has been under pressure since Donald Trump's return to the White House and opposition from the U.S. Department of Transportation and American Airlines. The airlines have requested an extension until March 28 next year for the agreement to end, acknowledging that its termination is increasingly likely. The Mexican pilots' association ASPA estimates that about 30% of Aerom\u00e9xico's flights rely on this alliance, and its conclusion would necessitate a significant change in their business model."], ["20250813", "Officials in Mason, Tennessee, have approved agreements to convert a closed prison into an immigration detention facility operated by CoreCivic Inc., despite strong community opposition. Mayor Eddie Noeman supported the plan, citing job creation and economic benefits for the struggling town. Critics, including board members and residents, raised concerns about CoreCivic's history of lawsuits and alleged mistreatment of detainees, as well as the impact on the predominantly Black community."], ["20250813", "Entergy has applied to the Louisiana Public Service Commission to increase the power output of its Waterford 3 nuclear power plant by approximately 45 MWe, seeking to recover the USD68.7 million cost. The uprate, driven by the replacement of low-pressure turbine rotors, is expected to increase the plant's capacity to about 1,195 MWe and generate a net present value benefit of USD205 million for customers, partly due to federal tax credits. Most of the work is planned for a refuelling outage in late 2026, with the remainder in late 2029."], ["20250813", "Enhabit Inc. CEO Barb Jacobsmeyer is departing the company after four years, citing a challenging home health and hospice environment and the proposed Medicare home health rate cut. She emphasized the need for innovation in the industry and stated that Enhabit is well-positioned for future growth despite closing or consolidating 11 branches. Jacobsmeyer highlighted the company's successful payer strategy and its plans to open 10 new locations in 2025, while also expressing concerns that reduced Medicare payments would hinder necessary technology investments and wage competitiveness."], ["20250812", "Rayonier Advanced Materials (RYAM) and the United Steelworkers (USW) have filed petitions with the U.S. government seeking relief from imports of High Purity Dissolving Pulp (HPDP) from Brazil and Norway, alleging unfair trade practices. They claim that these countries are selling HPDP at prices below fair market value or with government subsidies, which is materially injuring the U.S. HPDP industry and its workers. The petitions estimate dumping margins as high as 168% for Brazil and 226% for Norway, highlighting the severe impact on domestic producers and jobs."], ["20250812", "Plug Power's CEO, Andy Marsh, expressed optimism about the company's future despite second-quarter earnings falling below expectations. Marsh believes the clean hydrogen industry, which Plug Power leads, will continue to receive support from the Trump administration and Republicans, contrasting with reduced subsidies for wind and solar power."], ["20250812", "Private prison companies, specifically GEO Group and CoreCivic, are experiencing a significant financial boom due to increased contracts for immigration detention facilities under the Trump administration. This growth is driven by a federal funding allocation of approximately $170 billion for immigration enforcement, allowing for the expansion of detention capacity through new sites, the use of military bases, and technology like GPS tracking. The industry anticipates continued profitability, with facilities like Delaney Hall expected to generate substantial revenue and long-term contracts extending beyond the current administration."], ["20250812", "The Iraqi Prime Minister announced that the government is moving forward with a major project with General Electric (GE) to generate 24,000 megawatts of electricity. This initiative, considered the largest and most comprehensive electrical agreement in Iraq's history, aims to address the country's growing energy demand by constructing new power plants and enhancing the efficiency of existing ones. Additionally, Iraq is also pursuing agreements with Siemens for 14,000 megawatts and expects a deal with Shanghai Electric Group for an additional 10,000 megawatts."], ["20250812", "General Dynamics Electric Boat has been awarded a $322.6 million contract modification by the U.S. Navy. This modification is for providing technical, engineering, design agent, and planning yard support services for strategic and attack submarines. The work will be performed in various states including Connecticut, Georgia, Washington, Hawaii, and Rhode Island, through September 2025."], ["20250812", "Century Aluminum CEO Jesse Gary attributes the recent growth in domestic aluminum production to the tariffs implemented during the Trump administration. Speaking on \u2018Mornings with Maria,\u2019 Gary highlighted this policy as the first significant progress for U.S. aluminum in decades. This suggests a positive impact of trade protectionism on the American aluminum industry, according to the CEO."], ["20250812", "Private prison companies Geo Group and CoreCivic reported significant profit increases in their second-quarter earnings, attributed to the administration's intensified immigration arrests and detentions. Executives from both companies highlighted expanding contracts with Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and plans for further business growth to meet the rising demand for detention facilities and electronic monitoring programs. They believe this trend presents unprecedented growth opportunities for the private prison industry."], ["20250812", "Private prison companies Geo Group and CoreCivic reported significant profit increases in their second-quarter earnings, attributed to the Trump administration's aggressive immigration enforcement policies. Both companies highlighted new and expanded contracts with ICE, with executives expressing plans for further business expansion to meet the growing demand for federal detention. They also discussed the potential for increased use of GPS tracking for undocumented immigrants once detention capacity is maximized."], ["20250812", "ZenaTech Inc. has seen a 13.96% stock increase following its acquisition of Cardinal Civil Resources, strengthening its \"Drone as a Service\" (DaaS) capabilities and expanding its influence in the Southeast. This move positions the company to attract major clients like the US Department of Transportation and capitalize on legislative reforms favoring domestic drone manufacturers. Despite some financial vulnerabilities, ZenaTech's strategic acquisitions and partnerships, including one with Eagle Point Funding for defense contracts and development of Zena AI, aim to drive long-term growth in the evolving drone economy."], ["20250812", "The York Water Company reported its financial results for the second quarter and first six months of 2025. Second-quarter operating revenues increased to $19,199,000, and net income rose to $5,052,000, though basic and diluted earnings per share remained unchanged at $0.35. For the first six months, operating revenues grew to $37,655,000, but net income decreased to $8,690,000, with earnings per share falling by $0.05 to $0.60, primarily due to higher expenses outweighing revenue growth."], ["20250812", "Las Vegas Sands' Texas Sands PAC has accumulated over $9.3 million, with Dr. Miriam Adelson contributing the vast majority, for its ongoing efforts to legalize casino gambling in Texas. Despite significant funding and Adelson's recent acquisition of a stake in the Dallas Mavericks to further this goal, the Republican Party of Texas currently opposes any expansion of gambling. The upcoming November 2026 elections, including gubernatorial and legislative seats, are seen as a critical opportunity for Sands to shift the political landscape in its favor."], ["20250812", "Billionaire hedge fund manager Ray Dalio advises against buying and holding real estate in the current economic climate, calling it \"not an effective investment strategy.\" He highlights significant risks from rising interest rates, potential tax increases, and a lack of diversification due to the asset's fixed nature. Dalio states that real estate is more interest rate sensitive than inflation sensitive, making it vulnerable to declining real values and making it an easy target for taxation."], ["20250812", "Oklo Inc. and Lightbridge Corporation are strategically collaborating to explore co-locating a Lightbridge fuel fabrication facility within Oklo's planned advanced fuel manufacturing facility. This initiative aims to accelerate the commercialization of advanced nuclear fuels, including using repurposed plutonium from legacy materials, and aligns with federal directives to prioritize U.S. nuclear energy deployment and domestic fuel independence. The proposed co-located site would also serve as a joint R&D hub for advanced fuel development, supporting both fast reactors and light water reactors."], ["20250812", "Ford Motor Company plans to invest nearly $2 billion to convert its Louisville Assembly Plant to produce electric vehicles, aiming to launch a mid-sized EV pickup truck by 2027. This initiative involves a new \"universal\" EV platform, with the truck priced at $30,000, and is expected to secure approximately 2,200 jobs at the plant despite some workforce adjustments. The move is lauded by Kentucky Gov. Andy Beshear as a significant economic development."], ["20250812", "Helen of Troy, the parent company of Hydro Flask and Osprey, is expanding its sourcing operations in Southeast Asia to reduce its reliance on China and exposure to tariffs. The company aims to have over 40% of its goods dual-sourced by the end of FY2026 and over 60% by FY2027, expecting this strategy to lower its U.S. import tariff exposure to about 15%. Although direct tariff costs are anticipated to impact the fiscal year's second half, the full benefits of diversification are not expected until late FY2026 or early FY2027."], ["20250812", "Century Aluminum plans to invest nearly $50 million to restart idled production at its Mt. Holly, South Carolina, smelter, citing benefits from Section 232 tariffs and an agreement with its power supplier, Santee Cooper. This restart will increase U.S. aluminum production by 10 percent and create over 100 new jobs. The company is also progressing with plans for a new greenfield smelter with up to $500 million in federal funding."], ["20250811", "TFI International anticipates $75 million in savings over five years due to the U.S.'s \"One Big Beautiful Bill Act\" tax package, primarily from cash tax benefits tied to capital expenditures. Executives also believe the new tax law and administration's budget will help the trucking industry recover from a prolonged freight recession. CEO Alain B\u00e9dard expressed optimism for economic improvements driven by investments in industrial sectors, housing, and schools, despite current market lagging and ongoing tariff-related uncertainties."], ["20250811", "Cannabis stocks saw significant gains after former U.S. President Donald Trump indicated his administration is considering reclassifying marijuana to a less dangerous drug. This potential reclassification could ease criminal penalties, attract institutional investors, and remove tax burdens, fundamentally reshaping the industry's federal standing and capitalization. Companies like Tilray Brands, SNDL, Cronos Group, Canopy Growth, and Trulieve Cannabis all experienced substantial share price increases."], ["20250811", "Sabre's near-term demand is being negatively impacted by policy uncertainty affecting its corporate and government business. Despite these concerns, Morningstar expects Sabre to reduce its net debt/adjusted EBITDA ratio significantly by the end of 2025 through the sale of its hospitality solutions business. The company is predicted to maintain its strong position in global distribution systems due to a recovering corporate travel market and its leading network of airline content and travel agency customers."], ["20250811", "Cross-border payments company Remitly is expanding its services to attract small and mid-sized businesses (SMBs) and self-employed freelancers, aiming to become a broader financial partner. This strategic shift comes as competition from stablecoins increases, prompting Remitly to tailor its offerings and invest in marketing to this new segment. The company also reported significant revenue growth and net income in the last quarter, despite a fraud incident, and plans to integrate stablecoins into its digital wallet services."], ["20250811", "U.S.-listed cannabis stocks surged in premarket trading following a report that former President Trump is considering reclassifying marijuana as a less dangerous drug. The potential reclassification was discussed at a fundraiser where Trump expressed interest in the change, leading to significant gains for companies like Canopy Growth, Cronos Group, and Tilray Brands. The Advisorshares Pure US Cannabis ETF also experienced a notable jump."], ["20250811", "Montrose Environmental Group anticipates significant business growth from state and local regulations concerning PFAS remediation services and air/water testing, despite federal regulatory shifts. CEO Vijay Manthripragada noted that their work primarily serves clients in states actively regulating greenhouse gases and that the EPA's clearer posture on PFAS regulation is beneficial for their long-term business. The company reported a 35.3% year-over-year revenue increase in Q2, attributing it to organic growth, solid cash flow, and a simplified balance sheet."], ["20250811", "The Texas Sands PAC, linked to Las Vegas Sands and billionaire Miriam Adelson, has amassed over $9 million as the 2025 election season approaches. This super PAC is expected to significantly influence casino gambling legislation in Texas, a state currently restrictive on gambling. The PAC aims to support pro-gambling candidates and push for legislation to open Texas to casino resorts, despite previous failures and conservative opposition."], ["20250811", "Elevance Health (ELV) has experienced a significant 20.3% decline year-to-date in 2025 due to shrinking Medicaid and Medicare Supplement memberships, rising medical costs, and a lowered full-year outlook. Despite its current struggles and a \"Strong Sell\" rating from Zacks, the company retains long-term growth potential through product expansion, diversification, and strategic acquisitions, although investors are advised to remain on the sidelines until clearer signs of recovery emerge."], ["20250811", "BigBear.ai's stock is declining after the company significantly lowered its outlook for 2025. This downturn is attributed to federal government cutbacks causing customers to be more cautious in their activities. The AI analytics company now expects lower revenue and has withdrawn its profit guidance for the year."], ["20250811", "UBS analyst Jay Sole anticipates that Amer Sports will exceed Q2 earnings expectations and raise its guidance, primarily driven by strong sales momentum from its key brands, Arc'teryx and Salomon. Sole, who has a \"Buy\" rating and a raised price target of $50 on Amer Sports shares, bases his forecast on proprietary data, including Google search trends and online traffic growth. Despite market skepticism due to the company's leverage to China and global uncertainties, Sole sees a significant market opportunity in athletic wear and sporting equipment, though he notes potential tariff impacts in Q4."], ["20250811", "Gevo, Inc. (NASDAQ: GEVO) announced strong financial results for the second quarter of 2025, achieving positive net income of $2.1 million and positive Adjusted EBITDA of $17 million. This performance was driven by the successful execution of low-carbon ethanol and carbon capture acquisition, and the first sales of Clean Fuel Production Credits (CFPCs) and Carbon Dioxide Removal (CDR) credits. The company is actively pursuing its long-term growth strategy through standardized plant designs for Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) production and an extensive intellectual property portfolio."], ["20250811", "Gevo, Inc. announced its financial results for the second quarter and six months ended June 30, 2025, reporting a positive net income of $2.1 million and positive Adjusted EBITDA of $17 million for the quarter. These results were driven by the successful execution of low-carbon ethanol and carbon capture initiatives, along with the first sales of Clean Fuel Production Credits (CFPCs) and Carbon Dioxide Removal (CDR) credits. The company also highlighted its long-term strategy for reproducible growth in renewable jet fuel production and its extensive intellectual property portfolio."], ["20250811", "Cannabis stocks, including Canopy Growth and Tilray Brands, surged over 12% following speculation that former US President Donald Trump is considering reclassifying marijuana to a lower danger level. This reclassification from Schedule I to Schedule III under federal law could \"change the game\" for the $80 billion market, offering advantages like different tax regulations and increased investment appeal. While Trump's support improves prospects, the authority to reclassify rests with the Attorney General and the DEA administrator."], ["20250811", "Century Aluminum Company (NASDAQ:CENX) announced a $50 million investment to restart idled production at its Mount Holly, South Carolina, smelter, creating over 100 jobs and boosting U.S. aluminum production. This restart, aiming for full capacity by June 30, 2026, is directly attributed to President Trump\u2019s Section 232 tariffs on primary aluminum. The company worked with Santee Cooper to secure a power contract extension through 2031 and is awaiting confirmation of economic incentives from Berkeley County and the state of South Carolina."], ["20250811", "Manitowoc (MTW) missed Q2 CY2025 revenue and adjusted profit expectations, with sales down 4% year-on-year to $539.5 million and non-GAAP profit significantly below estimates. Management attributed the underperformance to U.S. demand uncertainty driven by evolving tariff policies and cautious customer behavior, as well as supply chain constraints. Despite a cautious outlook for demand, the company is focused on its Cranes+50 aftermarket expansion strategy and mitigating tariff impacts."], ["20250811", "Net Power Inc. announced its Q2 2025 results, highlighting a new integrated product configuration for its projects, including Project Permian, which targets a levelized cost of energy below $100/MWh. The company also reported significant cost reductions for its SN1 project and improved economics due to recent tax legislation. Furthermore, Net Power provided updates on its testing facility and plans for early deployment of its MISO project."], ["20250811", "Century Aluminum is investing $50 million to restart its Mt. Holly, South Carolina, smelter's idled production, increasing domestic aluminum output by nearly 10% and creating over 100 jobs. This move is attributed directly to President Trump's Section 232 tariffs on aluminum imports and higher aluminum prices. The company is also exploring building a new smelter that could double the U.S. aluminum industry's size."], ["20250809", "U.S. Cellular (NYSE:USM) is set to report earnings this Monday before the market opens, with analysts expecting a 2.6% year-on-year revenue decline to $902.6 million. The company missed revenue expectations last quarter and has fallen short of Wall Street's revenue estimates five times in the last two years. While the telecommunication services segment has generally underperformed, U.S. Cellular's stock is up 7.1% over the last month, with an average analyst price target of $80.75."], ["20250808", "Sunrun, the largest U.S. home energy systems installer, reported a 70% battery attachment rate for new customers last quarter, a 50% increase from the previous year. This surge reflects the company's strategic shift towards energy storage and virtual power plants (VPPs) to offset the expiration of federal tax credits for residential solar arrays. Sunrun executives emphasized the growing importance of VPPs in grid management and the company's focus on expanding its storage capacity to 10 GWh by 2029."], ["20250808", "Century Aluminum announced plans to increase its Mount Holly aluminum smelting factory to full production capacity by June 30, 2026. This expansion, costing $50 million, will restart over 50,000 metric tons of production, create over 100 new jobs, and boost domestic aluminum output by nearly 10%. The decision is attributed to a 50% tariff on aluminum imports and aims to strengthen domestic manufacturing and national security."], ["20250808", "American Electric Power (AEP) reported record second-quarter profits, while many of its Ohio customers experienced significantly higher electricity bills, leading to widespread frustration. AEP Ohio's profits also increased substantially, though the company cited a one-time impairment and increased energy usage as contributing factors. Rising capacity auction prices set by PJM Interconnection are identified as a major driver behind the increased supply charges, with forecasts suggesting prices will remain high through May 2027."], ["20250807", "Take-Two Interactive has raised its annual bookings forecast, anticipating strong demand for \"Mafia\" and \"Borderlands\" titles. The company maintains the launch date for \"Grand Theft Auto VI\" in May 2026, which is expected to generate billions. Despite industry challenges and tariff impacts, Take-Two is banking on new releases and its core sports titles to drive growth."], ["20250807", "Yeti Holdings Inc. reported a 4% dip in sales and a 3% dip in profit for the second quarter of 2025, attributing the decline to limited inventory and rising tariff costs. The company anticipates a $40 million impact from global tariffs by year-end but is transforming its supply chain to be more agile. Yeti also announced a new partnership with Fanatics to bring team-branded drinkware and coolers to market."], ["20250807", "TSMC, Samsung Electronics, and SK Hynix stocks are gaining, likely because their investments in the U.S. will help them avoid significant tariffs on imported semiconductors. This suggests that a potential Trump-era chips tariff may not be as detrimental to these companies as initially feared. The article highlights Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing as the dominant high-end chip manufacturer."], ["20250807", "LiveRamp Holdings Inc. announced strong first-quarter fiscal 2026 results, with total revenues increasing by 10.7% to $194.8 million and net earnings reaching $7.7 million, a significant turnaround from the previous year's loss. The company's growth was driven by increased subscription revenue and expansion of its data marketplace, navigating challenges in the advertising technology sector and regulatory changes. LiveRamp projects continued revenue growth for fiscal year 2026, anticipating $798 million to $818 million, while extending its market presence through strategic partnerships and addressing third-party cookie deprecation with its privacy-focused platform."], ["20250807", "Kontoor Brands, Inc., the new parent company of Helly Hansen, has raised its full-year outlook after better-than-expected results in the second quarter of 2025. The strong performance was driven by organic revenue growth, gross margin expansion, and a significant contribution from Helly Hansen, which was acquired in June. The company also highlighted its efforts in tariff mitigation and increased investments in demand creation for the remainder of the year."], ["20250807", "Apple has announced a significant $2.5 billion investment to expand the Corning glass factory in Harrodsburg, Kentucky, establishing the largest and most advanced smartphone glass production line. This expansion will lead to all iPhone and Apple Watch cover glass sold in the U.S. being manufactured in Kentucky, creating numerous job opportunities and boosting local manufacturing. The initiative also includes a new Apple-Corning Innovation Center, reinforcing American manufacturing and providing significant economic benefits to the Harrodsburg community."], ["20250807", "Apple and Corning Inc. are expanding their partnership, with Apple investing $2.5 billion into Corning's Harrodsburg, Kentucky, facility. This investment will enable Corning to produce 100% of the cover glass for all iPhones and Apple Watches sold globally, marking the first time this manufacturing will occur entirely in the U.S. The initiative is part of Apple's broader commitment to invest $600 billion in U.S. manufacturing over the next four years, and it is expected to increase Corning's manufacturing and engineering workforce in Kentucky by 50 percent."], ["20250807", "The article discusses how Core Natural Resources, owner of Colorado's largest coal mine (West Elk Mine), is optimistic about the future of coal due to new federal policies under the Trump administration that support the industry. These policies include executive orders to increase coal production and lower royalty rates. Despite the industry's optimism and spiking electricity demand, the article highlights that coal remains an expensive and environmentally harmful fuel source compared to renewable alternatives."], ["20250807", "AECOM anticipates significant growth in infrastructure, especially in data centers and defense, following recent elections and policy shifts. The firm's CEO, Troy Rudd, highlighted that only 36% of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJA) funds targeted at their markets have been spent, indicating substantial future opportunities. AECOM reported a Q3 profit of $131 million and revenue of $4.18 billion, and has raised its annual financial guidance for the third time this year, positioning itself to capitalize on global infrastructure and sustainability megatrends."], ["20250807", "Century Aluminum will invest $50 million to restart over 50,000 metric tons of idled production at its Mt. Holly smelter in South Carolina. This move, enabled by US President Trump\u2019s Section 232 tariffs on primary aluminum, is expected to create over 100 new jobs and increase domestic aluminum production by nearly 10%. The plant aims to reach full capacity by June 30, 2026, a level not achieved since 2015."], ["20250807", "Century Casinos will not receive a direct cash infusion from U.S. corporate tax cuts due to existing tax-deferred assets. However, the company expects indirect benefits from tax changes affecting tipped workers and seniors, and has seen an uptick in its Canadian casinos. Despite record revenue and cash flow, Century posted a loss for the quarter, but highlighted strong performance in Caruthersville, Missouri, and Cripple Creek, Colorado, and continues plans to exit Poland."], ["20250807", "Franklin Templeton has announced the 19(a) monthly distribution notices for Putnam Master Intermediate Income Trust (NYSE: PIM) and Putnam Premier Income Trust (NYSE: PPT). These notices detail the estimated sources of the funds' monthly dividends, including net investment income, short-term capital gains, and return of capital, and clarify that actual tax treatment and final figures will be provided in January 2026."], ["20250807", "The InfraCap MLP ETF (AMZA) has revised its deferred tax liability estimate, leading to an additional accrual of approximately $5 million ($0.14 per share) to the Fund's net asset value on August 7, 2025. This adjustment is based on an ongoing assessment of the tax impact from its Master Limited Partnerships, acknowledging that MLP information is often delayed. The Fund's adviser will continue to modify these estimates as new information, market conditions, and shareholder transactions arise."], ["20250807", "Enhabit Inc. has closed or consolidated 11 branches and plans for further consolidations by Q3 in response to the proposed Medicare home health payment rule and a need to evaluate cost structures. Despite these challenges, Enhabit is evaluating strategies to address the \"extreme headwind\" of proposed cuts while also expanding its footprint by opening new locations. The company reported $266.1 million in service revenue and $26.9 million in adjusted EBITDA for Q2, projecting full-year revenue between $1.06 billion and $1.073 billion."], ["20250807", "Toyota CEO Koji Sato announced plans for a new vehicle assembly plant in Japan, aiming to protect the company's domestic production capacity of 3 million vehicles. This strategic move comes despite an anticipated $10 billion impact from U.S. tariffs on imports, underscoring Toyota's commitment to its home market amidst significant financial headwinds. The decision highlights the ongoing tension between global trade policies and manufacturers' production strategies."], ["20250807", "Taiwanese chipmaking giant TSMC will be exempt from former U.S. President Donald Trump's proposed 100% tariff on semiconductor chips. This exemption is due to TSMC's factories located in the United States, as confirmed by Taiwan's National Development Council chief Liu Chin-ching. Although some other Taiwanese chipmakers may be affected, Taiwan believes its leading position in the industry will allow it to maintain its competitive edge."], ["20250807", "Bollinger Innovations announced a $7,500 price adjustment on its Mullen ONE and Mullen THREE commercial EVs, offering a total savings of $15,000 when combined with a federal tax credit. This initiative aims to make sustainable transportation more accessible for businesses, with new MSRPs of $27,000 for the Mullen ONE and $61,000 for the Mullen THREE. The company also announced a rebranding to Bollinger Motors starting in 2026 and an expanded product line, urging customers to act quickly to secure current savings."], ["20250806", "Argentina has requested U.S. Judge Loretta Preska to reconsider her order to hand over communications from current and former Economy Ministers Sergio Massa and Luis Caputo in the YPF expropriation case. The country argues that complying with the order, which seeks messages from personal devices, would violate national law regarding public officials' privacy. This request follows Burford Capital's \"discovery\" efforts to identify Argentina's seizable assets after winning a US$16.1 billion judgment."], ["20250806", "Novo Nordisk is intensifying its direct-to-consumer sales approach for its obesity drug Wegovy, including a \"cash channel\" for patients to bypass intermediaries and purchase the drug at a significantly reduced price. This strategy aims to regain market share from compounded drug makers and align with former President Trump's demands for lower prescription drug prices. Despite increased competition and concerns about compounders, Wegovy sales surged by 67% in Q2, though the company recently cut its full-year guidance and saw a leadership change."], ["20250806", "FTC Solar reported a Q2 2025 revenue of US$19.9 million, contributing to a total of US$40.7 million in the first half of the year, surpassing its entire 2024 revenue. The company also announced a new \"extra-long tracker\" for 2,000V systems and detailed its \"safe harbour strategy\" to align with US domestic content requirements, expressing optimism despite regulatory uncertainties. FTC Solar expects to potentially achieve profitability in Q3 2025, marking its first profitable quarter since Q4 2023."], ["20250806", "Acadia Healthcare's CEO, Chris Hunter, expressed optimism regarding the impact of the \"One Big Beautiful Bill Act\" on Medicaid reforms, despite Medicaid accounting for 60% of the company's revenue. Hunter believes that exemptions for work requirements and extended timelines for supplemental payment changes will make the provisions manageable. The company anticipates offsets for potential reductions in supplemental payments through a decrease in provider tax costs and new directed payment programs in states like Tennessee."], ["20250806", "Novavax's stock has surged following the Department of Health and Human Services' decision to withdraw funding for mRNA vaccines. This shift in government priorities could significantly benefit Novavax, which specializes in protein-based vaccine technologies, potentially opening new opportunities for its diverse pipeline beyond its COVID-19 vaccine. The move suggests a broader embrace of alternative vaccine approaches."], ["20250806", "Alto Ingredients, Inc. (NASDAQ: ALTO) reported its financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2025. The company's Western assets generated a gross profit, and its marketing and distribution segment improved due to integrated bulk sales and profitable third-party ethanol marketing. Despite a net loss attributable to common stockholders of $11.3 million, the company saw positive impacts from productivity initiatives and regulatory developments, including the 45Z credit extension."], ["20250806", "Moderna's stock experienced a decline after HHS Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. announced that the department is halting the development of mRNA vaccines and cancelling some related contracts. This decision follows a comprehensive review by the Trump administration of mRNA effectiveness and investments made during the COVID-19 pandemic. Funding will now shift towards virus-based vaccines, as Kennedy Jr. stated he does not believe mRNA vaccines for COVID-19 and flu are effective."], ["20250806", "Eastman has delayed the construction of its facility in Longview, Texas, due to a canceled federal grant from the U.S. Department of Energy. Harrison County Judge Chad Sims expressed disappointment about the delay but hopes the issues can be resolved because the facility is expected to create many jobs in the area. Eastman is currently appealing the Department of Energy's decision."], ["20250806", "Comstock Resources Inc. is partnering with NextEra Energy Resources LLC to use its Haynesville natural gas output to power data centers in Texas. This collaboration will integrate Comstock's natural gas supply and infrastructure to meet the burgeoning energy demand from data centers and other industrial loads in the state, driven partly by AI technology. The initiative comes as Texas faces rapidly growing electricity demand, with ERCOT projecting a potential doubling by 2030, and Comstock expands its western Haynesville footprint."], ["20250806", "FirstEnergy's Ohio utilities are facing regulatory cases demanding over half a billion dollars for alleged HB 6-related violations, while the company argues for a significantly smaller remedy. These cases center on corporate separation, misuse of customer funds, and the broader corruption scandal involving FirstEnergy's bribes to public officials for the passage and protection of HB 6. Opponents, including the Ohio Manufacturers\u2019 Association Energy Group and the Office of the Ohio Consumers\u2019 Counsel, contend that FirstEnergy has failed to prove compliance and that its proposed resolution is inadequate given the severity of the misconduct."], ["20250806", "Honda Motor's first-quarter operating profit fell 50% year over year, missing estimates, primarily due to U.S. auto tariffs and a stronger yen. Despite this, the company raised its full-year operating profit forecast, expecting the impact of tariffs to be smaller than initially projected and forecasting a weaker yen. Honda plans to mitigate tariff effects by increasing U.S. production and exploring collaborations, while other Japanese automakers also face similar trade challenges."], ["20250806", "Caterpillar anticipates a significant tariff impact of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion for the year, with a nearly $350 million hit in Q2, despite mitigation efforts. The company's Q2 sales and revenue declined 1% to $16.6 billion, driven by lower construction and mining segments, though partially offset by strong power generation performance fueled by AI data center demand. While anticipating moderate Q3 sales growth, Caterpillar expects tariffs to squeeze profit margins and is implementing measures like cutting discretionary spending and dual-sourcing to lessen the impact."], ["20250805", "Mosaic (MOS), a major fertilizer producer, reported that President Trump\u2019s tariffs are hindering U.S. fertilizer imports, especially phosphate, which is tracking significantly below last year with inventories running low. The company also missed Wall Street expectations for its second-quarter adjusted earnings and net sales, leading to a 6.8% slip in its stock during extended trading. Despite this, Mosaic projects increased phosphate sales in Q3 and noted strong demand for potash, with overall grower economics remaining constructive globally."], ["20250805", "Masimo (MASI) reported strong second-quarter results, exceeding analyst expectations for both sales and earnings. The company raised its full-year revenue and adjusted EPS guidance, attributing the positive outlook to strong growth in its core healthcare business and successful tariff mitigation efforts. BTIG analysts maintained a \"Buy\" rating, highlighting Masimo's consistent execution, margin expansion, and proactive tariff management."], ["20250805", "China has raised concerns that Nvidia's H20 AI chips could contain backdoors allowing the US to track, locate, and remotely shut down its artificial intelligence systems. The Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC) summoned Nvidia for an explanation and proof, citing allegations that US lawmakers have called for \"tracking and positioning\" functions in advanced chips exported abroad. While Nvidia denies these claims, the incident reflects China's growing apprehensions about potential vulnerabilities in foreign-made technology, reminiscent of previous US suspicions regarding Huawei."], ["20250805", "This business briefing covers several key developments in the chemical industry. Eastman Chemical is re-evaluating its plastics recycling plant plans after losing DOE funding, while Chemours, DuPont, and Corteva settled PFAS claims with New Jersey for $875 million. Bayer is seeking approval for a new herbicide, and Trump is pressuring pharmaceutical companies to reduce drug prices."], ["20250805", "Unusual Machines (UMAC), a provider of advanced drone technology, is poised for significant growth due to its NDAA compliance, allowing sales to U.S. government agencies and the military. Despite challenges from short-sellers and recent share dilution, the company's strong balance sheet and projected hyper-growth in revenue, supported by government spending and an expanding product line, suggest an impending stock price rally. Analysts anticipate at least 100% revenue growth in 2026, with profitability expected by the end of the decade."], ["20250805", "An exchange-traded fund tracking Indian stocks is struggling amidst a losing streak following U.S. President Donald Trump's imposition of 25% tariffs on India and threats of even higher levies. Yardeni Research noted that Trump's \"pivot on India from friend to foe\" surprised India watchers and hurts Prime Minister Narendra Modi politically and India economically. This tariffs significantly impact the country's economic outlook."], ["20250805", "Caterpillar Inc. expects to face net incremental tariffs of up to $1.5 billion, impacting its profit margins despite resilient demand for its equipment. The company's second-quarter results revealed that tariffs are fanning inflation for manufacturers, leading to a projected fall in its full-year adjusted operating profit margin. Caterpillar's operating profit for its machinery, energy, and transportation segments also dropped by 24% due to higher manufacturing costs linked to tariffs."], ["20250805", "NRG Energy has secured a $216 million loan from the Texas Energy Fund to expand its TH Wharton power plant in Houston. This expansion will add 456 megawatts of natural gas power generation capacity by summer 2026, aiming to bolster grid stability and meet growing electricity demands in the Houston area. The loan, provided at a 3% interest rate over 20 years, covers 60% of the estimated $360 million project cost."], ["20250805", "Global freight forwarder Expeditors International of Washington reported better-than-expected second-quarter profit and revenue, driven by increased airfreight and ocean container volumes, and higher customs fees. The company benefited from importers rushing goods before new U.S. tariffs and from complex trade policies allowing higher processing fees. Despite the strong performance, Expeditors anticipates continued volatility in the freight market for the remainder of the year."], ["20250805", "Williams Companies (WMB) reported a strong Q2 2025 with an 8% increase in adjusted EBITDA, driven by record performance in Transmission & Gulf and higher volumes. The company raised its 2025 adjusted EBITDA guidance to $7.75 billion at the midpoint, reflecting continued growth and successful project completions. Williams highlighted significant expansion opportunities, particularly in natural gas infrastructure, and discussed the positive impact of bonus depreciation on cash taxes."], ["20250805", "Leidos Holdings (LDOS) reported robust financial results for Q2 2025, significantly surpassing earnings expectations with an EPS of $3.21 and revenue of $4.25 billion. The company's stock surged 6.87% in pre-market trading following the announcement, and full-year revenue guidance was raised to $17.0-$17.25 billion. Key drivers for this strong performance include advancements in AI and maritime autonomy, along with strategic integration of Kudu Dynamics."], ["20250805", "Leidos Holdings, Inc. has released its Form 10-Q report for the second quarter of 2025, detailing significant financial and operational growth. The company reported increased revenues, operating income, and net income, driven by strategic acquisitions like Kudu Dynamics and program wins across its diverse segments. Leidos anticipates a decrease in tax payments due to new legislation and expects to maintain liquidity through operational cash flow."], ["20250805", "Enphase Energy announced a new safe harbor agreement with a solar and battery financing company to help preserve eligibility for the base investment tax credit (ITC) and the domestic content bonus credit for future projects. This agreement specifically covers Enphase\u2019s U.S.-manufactured IQ8HC Microinverters. The initiative aims to provide confidence to solar businesses by locking in current tax credit qualifications and reducing risks from future policy changes."], ["20250805", "The Chemours Co., DuPont de Nemours, and Corteva have reached a proposed agreement with the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection to pay $875 million over 25 years to resolve all legacy PFAS-related claims in the state. This settlement includes an additional $125 million for costs and damages, and the companies also committed to establishing a remediation fund of up to $1.2 billion and a backup reserve fund of $475 million to ensure cleanup efforts are fully funded. The total value of the proposed agreement is over $2.5 billion, designated as a \"groundbreaking environmental settlement\" to address PFAS contamination and other toxic substances at four industrial sites in New Jersey."], ["20250804", "Werner Enterprises has reduced its annual capital expenditure forecast by at least $40 million, now planning to spend between $145 million and $185 million. This decision is influenced by ongoing uncertainties related to tariffs and emissions regulations, alongside growth in the company's logistics division. Despite a weak freight market, Werner reported a significant profit increase in Q2, largely due to the reversal of a 2018 accident verdict."], ["20250804", "V2X Inc. has secured a $4.3 billion indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity contract from the U.S. Air Force to provide Contractor Operated and Maintained Supply services for the T-6 aircraft. This contract ensures supply support for the T-6 fleets of the Air Force, Navy, and Army, maintaining their daily flight readiness. The work, which follows Defense Department best practices, is expected to be completed by July 2034 and will take place at various military bases nationwide."], ["20250804", "Ryder reports an increase in decision-making from its supply chain customers, despite ongoing market uncertainty stemming from the freight recession and U.S. tariff policy. CEO Robert Sanchez attributes this newfound clarity to the passage of President Donald Trump's tax bill, which has helped some customers overcome hesitation, though tariff concerns persist. While the Supply Chain Solutions segment sees growth, the Dedicated and Leasing divisions are still experiencing delays in customer decision-making."], ["20250804", "Lululemon Athletica's stock dropped 16% in July due to concerns over new tariffs on products from Vietnam and Cambodia, as well as internal challenges. Analyst reports cited weak store traffic, increased markdowns, and customer disinterest in core seasonal colors. Despite these headwinds, the stock's current price-to-earnings ratio of 13.4 suggests it could be undervalued, especially given its historical growth and ongoing strength in China."], ["20250804", "Dominion Energy's 2.6-GW Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind project is experiencing a slight price increase due to new tariff policies, adding an estimated $506 million to the total cost. Despite this, the project remains on schedule for completion by the end of 2026, with only a minor impact of three cents per month on average customer bills. Dominion anticipates qualifying for Inflation Reduction Act tax credits and is making good progress on turbine installation, with the first turbine expected in September."], ["20250804", "New Jersey has reached an $875 million environmental settlement with chemical giants Chemours, DuPont, and Corteva over pollution caused by \"forever chemicals\" (PFAS). The agreement, which Attorney General Matthew J. Platkin hailed as the largest ever for a single state, mandates the companies to fund the cleanup of four industrial sites, establish a $1.2 billion remediation fund, and create a $475 million reserve for cleanup completion. The settlement addresses widespread PFAS contamination, with New Jersey having some of the highest levels in the country."], ["20250804", "Chemours, DuPont, and Corteva have reached a settlement with the State of New Jersey to resolve all environmental claims, including those related to PFAS contamination, across four operating sites and statewide. The companies will make settlement payments totaling $875 million over 25 years, with a pre-tax net present value of approximately $500 million, shared according to existing cost-sharing arrangements. Additionally, DuPont and Corteva will acquire Chemours\u2019 rights to certain PFAS-related insurance proceeds for $150 million."], ["20250804", "New Jersey has announced a historic $2 billion settlement with DuPont and its affiliated companies to resolve long-standing litigation concerning PFAS \"forever chemicals\" and other pollutants at four industrial sites. This monumental agreement, the largest environmental settlement by a single U.S. state, will fund extensive cleanup operations, natural resource restoration, and drinking-water treatment projects over the next 25 years. The settlement underscores New Jersey's leading role in holding corporations accountable for environmental contamination and safeguarding public health against hazardous chemicals."], ["20250804", "Swan Defence and Heavy Industries (SDHI) has partnered with US-based Varex Imaging Corporation to manufacture advanced cargo and vehicle inspection systems in India, leading to a new 52-week high for its shares. This collaboration supports the \"Make in India\" initiative and addresses domestic demand for sophisticated inspection technology, despite recent trade tensions between India and the US. The company's stock has seen a significant 793% surge year-to-date since its re-listing in January 2025."], ["20250804", "Energizer Holdings Inc. saw a record one-day stock gain after an earnings beat and raised outlook, largely due to the battery maker's ability to fully offset Trump-era tariff impacts. This was aided by production credits from a Biden-era law, and the company also conducted a significant share buyback after a stock selloff."], ["20250804", "NioCorp Developments Ltd. (NB) stock is up 8.07%, driven by increasing investor confidence due to a new bipartisan bill supporting local critical mineral mining, a successful $60.7M capital raise, and shifts in global rare earth dynamics. Despite a reported fiscal year loss of $16.7M, the company's strategic financial planning and focus on the Elk Creek Project position it for future growth in the critical minerals sector. Legislative support for tax breaks and the acceleration of pre-construction activities are key factors contributing to its market performance."], ["20250804", "Brazilian steelmaker Gerdau plans to reduce its investments in Brazil from 2026 due to increased pressure from imported Chinese steel and a perceived lack of effective trade protection policies. CEO Gustavo Werneck stated that the current quota-tariff system has failed to prevent unfair competition, leading to record market share for imported steel, job losses, and a decision to scale back domestic investments. Meanwhile, Gerdau is expanding operations in the United States, and other Brazilian steel companies like CSN and Usiminas are facing similar challenges, calling for stronger government intervention."], ["20250804", "The British Columbia government has committed an additional $145 million (CAD 200 million) to the Haisla Nation for the development of the Cedar LNG facility. This funding will support the construction of a 287-kilovolt transmission line and associated infrastructure, enabling the floating LNG terminal to operate on renewable electricity. The project, a partnership with Pembina Pipeline Corporation, aims to be operational by late 2028, aligning with the Haisla Nation's goal of sustainable development and a reduced carbon footprint."], ["20250804", "WD-40 Company is decentralizing its supply chain and bringing sourcing closer to customers to offset the impact of tariffs, particularly on steel cans. This strategy, which includes strengthening global partnerships and optimizing networks, is helping the company bolster gross margins and aims to reach its 55% to 56% gross margin goal a year ahead of schedule. Other companies like Clorox, Colgate-Palmolive, and Procter & Gamble are also modifying their supply chains to mitigate tariff effects."], ["20250804", "NRG Energy is bringing a new natural gas-run power plant to Houston, funded by a $216 million loan from the Texas Energy Fund, which is the largest loan approved by the fund to date. Expected to begin operations next summer, the plant will boost grid reliability for the ERCOT Houston Load Zone. The Texas Energy Fund, created to incentivize new power plants after widespread outages, has faced criticism and withdrawals from other companies due to its financial and logistical design."], ["20250804", "The Pentagon has awarded $7.8 billion in contracts to Lockheed Martin and RTX Corporation for the production of new missiles for the U.S. Air Force, Navy, and international allies. RTX received $3.5 billion for AMRAAM air-to-air missiles, while Lockheed will get $4.3 billion for JASSM and LRASM missiles. These contracts aim to bolster the defense capabilities of the U.S. and key allies across Europe, Asia, and the Middle East."], ["20250804", "RTX has been awarded a $50 billion umbrella contract to provide systems, spare parts, services, and support for the Patriot missile defense program. This 20-year term contract, issued by the Department of Defense, runs through July 31, 2045, and involves indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity arrangements with negotiated pricing. Funding for the contract will come from the Defense Logistics Agency, the U.S. Army, and the DOD."], ["20250803", "Illinois is establishing itself as a hub for quantum computing, with Infleqtion making Illinois its global quantum computing operations headquarters. This move, announced after the inaugural Global Quantum Forum in Chicago, is expected to create a wide range of jobs, not just for PhDs, and will be located at the future Illinois Quantum and Microelectronics Park. Quantum computing, leveraging quantum mechanics, is anticipated to revolutionize fields from healthcare and green energy to materials science by solving complex problems faster than traditional computers."], ["20250803", "This article exposes an alleged $270+ million Ponzi scheme orchestrated by WaterStation, a water purification company, which reportedly involved the largest fraud in the SBA 7(a) program's history. Lenders like UniBank, Celtic, and Newtek extended SBA-backed loans to \"investors\" in WaterStation, despite the company's \"passive owner model\" being ineligible for such financing. The article reveals that some banks allegedly colluded with WaterStation, leading to federal investigations, civil lawsuits, and significant financial distress for both investors and involved financial institutions."], ["20250803", "One year after the privatization of Sabesp, the article highlights a significant deterioration in service quality, including increased leaks, water shortages, pollution, and rising tariffs, despite record profits for shareholders. Engineer Amauri Pollachi criticizes the current management for prioritizing dividends over public service, leading to reduced technical staff and poor customer satisfaction. The report details specific incidents, such as massive sewage dumping into the Tiet\u00ea River and prolonged water outages, asserting that the public has little to celebrate from the privatization."], ["20250801", "CBIZ positions itself as a comprehensive service provider specifically tailored for the middle market, offering a blend of national resources and local expertise. The firm highlights its integrated services across various domains like accounting, tax, advisory, benefits, and technology, emphasizing that middle-market companies are crucial for innovation and job creation. CBIZ aims to serve as a partner that understands the unique challenges and opportunities faced by businesses in this sector."], ["20250801", "Visa has formally responded to the U.S. Department of Justice's 2024 debit card antitrust lawsuit, denying claims of operating an illegal monopoly in the U.S. debit card market. The company asserts its business practices are procompetitive and justified, rejecting allegations that its agreements prevent competition or pay rivals not to compete. This response follows a failed bid by Visa to have the case dismissed, with the lawsuit alleging that Visa handles over 60% of U.S. debit card transactions and generates more than $7 billion annually in processing fees."], ["20250801", "Argentina will experience new increases in electricity and gas tariffs starting August 1st. The National Electricity Regulatory Entity (ENRE) approved a 2% increase for electricity services in areas covered by EDENOR and EDESUR, along with a 1.64% to 11.15% increase in electricity transportation. Concurrently, the National Gas Regulatory Entity (ENARGAS) approved new tariff schedules for gas transportation and distribution companies, also effective August 1st."], ["20250801", "Stryker significantly raised its full-year guidance after a strong second quarter, driven by robust product demand and a reduced impact from tariffs. The company reported double-digit sales and adjusted earnings per share growth, surpassing Wall Street expectations. While shares initially dipped, they recovered, reflecting the positive financial performance and improved outlook, despite a slightly lower new EPS projection compared to earlier in the year."], ["20250801", "The Farmington solar project, spearheaded by NextEra Energy Resources, has significantly benefited Maine families and communities, revitalizing the local economy and enhancing public services. Bradley Greenleaf, a local senior field technician, highlights the project's positive impact, including substantial landowner payments and increased property taxes that bolstered the town's budget and infrastructure. His personal involvement further underscores the community-centric approach, fostering trust and engagement among residents."], ["20250801", "KBR's Mission Technologies Solutions (MTS) segment reported a 7% revenue increase in Q2 2025, reaching $1.4 billion, and a 6% rise in adjusted EBITDA to $141 million. The growth was driven by the LinQuest acquisition and international expansion, particularly in Australia, despite slowdowns in some other areas. The company expects a 5-8% compound annual growth rate for MTS revenue by FY 2027 and KBR also reported overall Q2 2025 revenue of $2 billion, up 6%, with a strong total company adjusted EBITDA of $242 million."], ["20250801", "Georgia Power is proposing an unprecedented 10,000-megawatt expansion of its generation fleet over approximately five years, largely to serve the growing needs of data centers. The plan involves a significant investment of roughly $15 billion, primarily in new gas-fired units, along with battery storage and some solar additions. While the utility suggests this could lead to lower residential rates due to increased sales to data centers, environmental and consumer advocates express concerns about the reliance on fossil fuels, potential rate instability for existing customers, and a lack of transparency in the plan's cost and ownership structure."], ["20250801", "Chevron Corp. has negotiated new terms with Petroleos de Venezuela, agreeing to hand over a percentage of its oil production to the Venezuelan government following the renewal of its U.S. license to operate in the country. This arrangement allows the Maduro regime to gain revenue through oil rather than cash royalties or taxes. The deal is expected to help sustain and potentially increase Venezuela's oil production, with the U.S. government affirming that the Maduro regime will not profit directly from the sale of this oil."], ["20250801", "Boston Scientific's Agent drug-coated balloon (DCB) has received Medicare reimbursement, with CMS granting a new technology add-on payment (NTAP) for eligible cases starting October 1, 2025. This reimbursement will provide additional payments to hospitals using the Agent DCB for treating coronary in-stent restenosis (ISR). The move is expected to improve patient access to the device, which offers an alternative to traditional therapies for ISR."], ["20250801", "REAlloys Inc., a critical mineral company, has announced the appointment of Brad Wall, former Premier of Saskatchewan, to its Corporate Board of Directors. Wall's extensive experience in public service and economic development will support REAlloys' goal of building a vertically integrated rare earth supply chain independent from China, benefiting Saskatchewan, Canada, and North American national defense interests. REAlloys operates a magnet manufacturing facility in Ohio and owns the Hoidas Lake Rare Earth Elements Project in Saskatchewan."], ["20250801", "Algoma Steel has suspended its dividend and reported a significant drop in profit due to prohibitive U.S. tariffs on Canadian steel, which have severely disrupted its operations. The company is now focusing on increasing domestic demand for its products through opportunities in defense, infrastructure, and clean manufacturing, while also seeking $500 million in federal loan support. Algoma Steel is also transitioning to electric arc furnaces to reduce emissions and costs, aiming for low-cost, low-carbon steel production."], ["20250801", "Magna International reported a significant 21% increase in its second-quarter net income, despite a 3% decline in company revenue to $10.6 billion compared to the previous year. The automotive supplier has also raised its financial outlook for the year, signaling confidence in its performance amidst tariff challenges. The article highlights Magna's ability to navigate the current trade environment by lowering its tariff exposure."], ["20250801", "Canadian auto parts supplier Magna International raised its annual sales forecast and exceeded second-quarter earnings estimates, driven by effective cost-cutting measures. The company's proactive steps, including restructuring and reduced capital spending, helped it navigate challenges such as tariffs, leading to a stronger financial outlook. Peers Aptiv and BorgWarner also recorded optimistic forecasts, signaling a resilient auto parts demand."], ["20250801", "Ford achieved record revenue, but this was overshadowed by increased losses from its Model e EV business, rising 16 percent. Despite the increased losses, the company reported that Model e's revenue more than doubled and material costs for the F-150 Lightning and Mustang Mach-E improved. The financial performance was negatively impacted by recall and tariff costs."], ["20250801", "Ferroglobe PLC, a supplier of silicon metal, reported a weak Q1 2025 performance due to falling prices and reduced volumes. The company expects a rebound driven by new tariffs, a recovery in aluminium and steel demand, and technological advancements like its partnership with Coreshell for EV battery materials. Despite current challenges, Ferroglobe maintains a disciplined financial position with zero net debt and is valued below the market average."], ["20250801", "Stryker has lowered its expected tariff impact for 2025 to $175 million from a previous forecast of $200 million, following reductions in U.S. and China levies. The company also raised its earnings outlook, anticipating organic sales growth of 9.5% to 10% and increased adjusted earnings per share, driven by strong procedural demand and capital equipment sales. Stryker reported a record quarter for Mako robot installations and provided updates on new Mako 4 applications."], ["20250801", "RTX Corp. has been awarded a historic maximum $50 billion umbrella contract by the Defense Logistics Agency to provide systems, spare parts, and services to the Army, DLA, and DoD worldwide over 20 years. This article also details several other defense contracts awarded to various companies by the DLA, Army, Air Force, and Navy, covering a wide range of services and products from logistics and environmental restoration to military aircraft parts and software development. Notable awards include Palantir USG Inc.'s $10 billion contract with the Army and multiple contracts for major aerospace companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin."], ["20250901", "Equinor ASA is investing nearly $1 billion in Orsted A/S's share sale, reinforcing its commitment to the Danish wind developer despite recent challenges from the Trump administration. This move is seen as crucial for Orsted's efforts to stabilize its finances and gain wider investor support for its proposed capital raise. Equinor's continued backing, despite previous losses on its investment, suggests potential for closer industrial and strategic collaboration between the two companies."], ["20250901", "ArcelorMittal South Africa (AMSA) is expected to lay off over 4,000 workers, almost half its workforce, a union announced. The job cuts, initially planned for its Newcastle and Vereeniging plants, will now extend to its key Vanderbijlpark operations. AMSA has been facing losses since 2023 due to weak demand, high utility costs, and competition, and has been in discussions with the government for solutions."], ["20250830", "The Nez Perce Tribe has filed a federal lawsuit challenging the U.S. Forest Service\u2019s approval of Perpetua Resources Corp.\u2019s Stibnite Gold Project in Idaho, a large open-pit mine located in the headwaters of the South Fork Salmon River. The Tribe argues that the mine will cause significant and long-term harm to their treaty-reserved rights, including fishing, hunting, and gathering, and will destroy critical fish and wildlife habitat. Chairman Shannon F. Wheeler stated that the Forest Service ignored the Tribe's concerns and failed to consider alternatives that would mitigate the adverse impacts on their culture and way of life."], ["20250830", "Jim Cramer praised Williams-Sonoma, Inc. CEO Laura Alber for her ability to navigate significant tariff increases and still deliver strong company performance. He highlighted her strategic sourcing expertise and the company's utilization of AI to manage supply chains. Cramer also discussed the broader American furniture industry, expressing skepticism about its revival despite tariffs, due to difficulties in finding skilled workers."], ["20250829", "Colorado's governor and business leaders are urging the Public Utilities Commission (PUC) to quickly approve Xcel Energy's request for 4,500 megawatts of \"renewable\" and hybrid energy generation to capitalize on federal tax credits before they expire, potentially saving developers up to 30% on costs. Concurrently, the PUC has already approved a separate $15 billion \"just transition\" energy plan from Xcel, adding to the total of approximately 10,000 megawatts of new generation and storage capacity sought by the company. The regulatory body faces a dilemma: balancing the need for future energy resources to meet rising demand, driven by data centers and electrification, with concerns about protecting ratepayers from soaring electricity bills."], ["20250829", "Liberty Steel is facing a $2.77 million lawsuit from ArcelorMittal Long Products Canada for unpaid billet purchases, complicating its plans to raise $70 million for capital expenditures at its Peoria plant. Despite the lawsuit, the company is ramping up production, backed by investors like BlackRock, and aims to reach 700,000 tonnes capacity while relocating its headquarters to Peoria, creating 700 jobs. The financial injection and revised pricing strategies are intended to improve Liberty Steel's long-term sustainability."], ["20250829", "Colorado has enacted new tax laws to partially offset the revenue impact of President Donald Trump's tax-and-spending measure, aiming to close an estimated $1.2 billion budget gap. In other state tax news, chemical company EIDP failed to avoid additional Minnesota taxes, and the California Supreme Court addressed a case regarding the definition of intangible assets."], ["20250828", "This article details an evaluation of Kentucky's Read to Succeed Act, which was implemented to improve reading proficiency among elementary students. The evaluation, conducted by ICF in partnership with the Kentucky Department of Education, used mixed methods to assess the act's implementation, outcomes, and impact, revealing positive shifts in teacher beliefs, knowledge, and practices related to evidence-based literacy instruction. The findings have been used to expand professional learning offerings and build support for the initiatives."], ["20250828", "Vita Coco's share price surged by 32% despite facing significant tariffs from US President Donald Trump on its coconut water sources. The company successfully navigated these tariffs, which saw some countries facing up to a 50% import tariff, by strategically reallocating its supply chains. By switching coconut sources between its US and European divisions, Vita Coco avoided further price increases for consumers and maintained strong sales growth."], ["20250828", "Senator Lisa Murkowski recently visited Nova Minerals Ltd.'s Estelle project, where significant gold resources are complemented by stockpiles of high-grade antimony. The project has garnered strategic interest due to the critical role of antimony in military and consumer goods and its supply concentration in countries like China and Russia. Nova Minerals is positioned to become a key contributor to national defense supply chains by potentially supplying antimony from Estelle, a project gaining momentum and support at various governmental levels."], ["20250828", "Blackstone and its data center operating business QTS have received approval for enabling works at the former BritishVolt site in Cambois, Northumberland, bringing them closer to developing a \u00a310 billion UK data center campus. This project, considered one of the largest inward investments in the UK, is expected to create hundreds of long-term jobs and a significant number of indirect and construction jobs. The development is part of a larger trend of increasing data center projects across the UK, driven by the growing demand for power from tech firms, particularly for AI."], ["20250828", "A restructuring of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac under the Trump administration is anticipated to generate substantial private credit opportunities, according to Ellington. This potential change could be highly beneficial for private credit investors, opening up new avenues for billion-dollar investments. The article highlights this as a significant development within the financial sector."], ["20250827", "EnerSys has announced it received a $137 million tax refund, plus accrued interest, for its fiscal 2024 U.S. tax return. This refund is related to Internal Revenue Code Section 45X Advanced Manufacturing Production Credits for batteries produced in the U.S. The company highlights that these credits underscore its commitment to strengthening U.S. manufacturing and providing high-performance energy solutions."], ["20250827", "Vail Resorts is set to begin producing documents this week in a nearly five-year-old federal Fair Labor Standards Act lawsuit. The case, filed by current and former employees, alleges the company failed to pay for all hours worked, provide proper breaks, and reimburse equipment purchases. A federal judge has approved a new timetable for discovery, with notices expected to be sent in January 2026 to eligible ski instructors from 2017 to present, allowing them to opt into the class-action lawsuit."], ["20250827", "Flutter Entertainment is exploring ways to reinstate constitutional protection for skill-based games in India after new legislation forced the closure of its Junglee real-money gaming operations. The company expressed disappointment, citing the lack of consultation and the potential for customers to shift to unregulated markets. Flutter is assessing the financial impact and potential non-cash impairments to its Junglee business, which was projected to generate significant revenue and EBITDA in 2025."], ["20250827", "The Kansas and Missouri Departments of Corrections' IN2WORK Programs recently held their first cross-state ACES Culinary Competition. The event saw participants from both states' correctional facilities compete, highlighting culinary skills developed through the IN2WORK program. This competition fosters talent and provides a platform for inmates to showcase their culinary training."], ["20250827", "J.M. Smucker missed Wall Street estimates for its first-quarter profit due to increased commodity costs and U.S. tariffs. The company reported a quarterly loss of $43.9 million on a GAAP basis and an adjusted profit of $1.90 per share, falling short of analysts' estimates. Despite this, J.M. Smucker raised its annual net sales growth forecast to a range of 3% to 5%."], ["20250827", "Brazil's steel industry is facing significant challenges due to a surge in imported steel, particularly from China, coupled with U.S. tariffs and weak domestic demand. Companies like Gerdau and Usiminas are cutting investments, and ArcelorMittal is considering delaying projects. The government has initiated anti-dumping investigations, but industry leaders stress the need for stronger trade defense measures to ensure the sector's sustainability and prevent the dismantling of the supply chain."], ["20250827", "A judge has issued an injunction requiring a new public hearing for Exxon Mobil Corp.\u2019s proposed tax abatements on a potential $8.6 billion facility in Calhoun County. The injunction follows claims from environmental groups and individuals that Calhoun County ISD did not provide adequate public notice before its initial hearing on April 29, where the tax abatement was unanimously approved. Calhoun County ISD has agreed to file a public notice for a new public hearing."], ["20250827", "Shares of Charlotte-based IperionX Limited gained 15% after the Department of Defense directed the company to use $12.5 million of a $47 million award to accelerate a \"fully integrated U.S. mineral-to-metal titanium supply chain.\" The military seeks to increase domestic production capacity of titanium metal components, applying the funds to expand IperionX's Titanium Manufacturing Campus in Virginia. This initiative aims to reduce U.S. reliance on foreign titanium suppliers, particularly China and Russia, who control a significant portion of the global supply chain."], ["20250827", "The Vanguard Small-Cap Index Fund ETF (NYSEARCA:VB) is gaining momentum as investors shift from mega-cap tech to broader market segments, targeting $285 due to its valuation discount, favorable macro conditions like potential rate cuts, and pro-small-business policies. With a strong performance record and diversification, VB is positioned for upside as small caps benefit from economic tailwinds. Investors are encouraged to view dips as strategic entry points given the ETF's attractive risk-reward profile."], ["20250827", "Seagate Technology Holdings plc (NASDAQ: STX) reported impressive June quarter results, surpassing forecasts due to high demand for cloud computing and record Nearline drive shipments. Benchmark raised its price target for STX from $128 to $165, maintaining a Buy rating. Despite this positive outlook, the company expects comparatively flat results for the September quarter and an increase in its corporate tax rate starting in fiscal year 2026."], ["20250826", "The Trump administration is considering taking stakes in defense contractors like Lockheed Martin to finance munitions acquisitions and exert greater government influence over strategic industries. This move is part of a broader pattern of White House intervention in the private sector, drawing both support and criticism regarding its potential impact on corporate strategy and market agility. Shares of Lockheed Martin and Boeing rose following the Commerce Secretary's comments, while Palantir saw initial volatility."], ["20250826", "President Trump is pursuing a new economic strategy where the U.S. government takes direct equity stakes in major American companies, exemplified by the recent 10% ownership in Intel. This approach aims to strengthen industries and national security, contrasting with traditional government support via loans or tax breaks. Semiconductor manufacturers like SkyWater Technology, GlobalFoundries, and Micron Technology could be future candidates for similar equity-linked deals, though the strategy has drawn criticism regarding potential favoritism and its \"socialistic\" implications."], ["20250826", "Governor Mike Braun announced the sale of the former GM stamping plant property to Elanco Animal Health for $27 million, with the land transitioning to private ownership. This agreement aims to accelerate the creation of an innovation district in downtown Indianapolis, involving Elanco, Purdue University, and the state, to attract innovation, investment, and long-term opportunities. The initiative is expected to bring jobs and economic growth to the area, though some residents express concerns about potential displacement."], ["20250826", "Draganfly Inc. announced its strategic positioning to support Canada's $2 billion military aid package to Ukraine, which includes $220 million for drone and electronic warfare. The company, a pioneer in drone solutions with 25 years of innovation, aims to contribute to this mission. Despite this potential, TipRanks' AI Analyst Spark rates TSE:DPRO as Neutral due to poor financial performance, significant losses, and cash flow issues, although technical analysis shows some positive aspects."], ["20250826", "Taiwan's postal service has suspended small parcel shipments to the U.S. following the Trump administration's revocation of the \"de minimis\" duty exemption for low-value imports. Japan Post has also implemented similar restrictions. This action impacts international shipping and trade between these countries and the United States."], ["20250826", "Dr. Reddy's Laboratories has obtained an interim stay from the Telangana High Court on income tax reassessment proceedings related to its merger with Dr. Reddy's Holding Limited, asserting no tax evasion. Separately, the company expressed optimism about upcoming GST reforms, believing they will address structural challenges in the pharmaceutical sector and enhance India's global competitiveness."], ["20250826", "Critical Metals has secured a 10-year agreement to supply heavy rare earth concentrate from its Greenland project to Ucore Rare Metal's U.S. government-funded facility in Louisiana. This deal aims to boost domestic critical mineral production in the U.S. and reduce reliance on China. The Tanbreez project, expected to cost $290 million and received a letter of interest for a $120 million loan from the U.S. Export-Import Bank, will supply up to 10,000 metric tons annually."], ["20250826", "Nvidia anticipates an $8 billion impact from U.S. chip-export restrictions to China, a figure that will be closely watched in its upcoming second-quarter earnings report. This warning could significantly affect semiconductor ETFs heavily invested in Nvidia, creating volatility and potential shifts in investor sentiment across related chipmakers. Despite policy tensions, Nvidia's data center tailwind remains strong, presenting a complex risk-reward scenario for the sector."], ["20250826", "The Brownwood City Council has approved a negotiated settlement with Atmos Energy Corp., Mid-Tex Division, involving a rate increase that will take effect on October 1, 2025. This settlement, reached after reductions from Atmos's initial request, will result in an average monthly increase of $7.83 (9.27%) for residential customers and $25.73 (6.56%) for commercial users. The Council will hold a second and final vote before the effective date to officially approve the ordinance."], ["20250826", "Daqo New Energy (DQ) reported significant declines in revenue and gross margin for Q2 2025, driven by polysilicon market prices falling below cash cost, resulting in operating and net losses. However, the company maintains a strong balance sheet with no financial debt and is optimistic about future industry recovery due to Chinese regulatory actions against overcapacity and destructive pricing. Management highlighted intentional sales curtailment, ongoing cost reductions, and engagement in the polysilicon futures market to manage volatility, with expectations for policy-driven market stabilization."], ["20250826", "Intel has expressed concerns that the Donald Trump administration's decision to acquire a 10% stake in the company could pose significant risks. The company highlighted potential issues such as additional regulations abroad, restrictions on overseas subsidies, and the dilution of existing shareholders' value due to the discounted purchase price. Despite these concerns, President Trump hailed the agreement as a \"great deal for the United States,\" and Intel's CEO welcomed the government as a shareholder."], ["20250825", "Halozyme Therapeutics (HALO) reported strong Q2 2025 earnings of $326 million (a 41% increase) and raised its full-year guidance, yet its stock fell. Artisan Small Cap Fund, which holds HALO, noted that the drop was due to uncertainty surrounding new draft guidance from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) on drug pricing and potential delays in product launches. The company specializes in a technology platform that converts intravenous drugs into subcutaneous formulations, but hedge funds are also exploring AI stocks for greater upside potential."], ["20250825", "First Solar's stock dropped 7.8% following former President Trump's comments about reduced federal support for solar projects and a weak earnings report from Canadian Solar. Despite this, First Solar reaffirmed its 2025 financial outlook, projecting significant revenue and earnings growth by 2028, largely due to strong U.S. manufacturing growth. While policy uncertainty remains a key risk, the company's strong guidance and competitive advantages in U.S. manufacturing are highlighted as important factors for its investment narrative."], ["20250825", "Dominion Energy's stock fell 2.7% after the Trump administration halted \u00d8rsted's Revolution Wind project off Rhode Island. This action raises concerns that similar policies could jeopardize Dominion Energy's large offshore wind project in Virginia. The market reacted negatively due to potential political hurdles for future renewable energy developments."], ["20250825", "Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc., a major Long Island public company, is considering closing some local offices and moving jobs out of state to reduce costs. The company is seeking tax breaks from Suffolk County and New York State to retain 2,200 jobs, including over 1,500 in Suffolk. They propose a $90.1 million renovation if they receive the sales-tax exemption and property tax savings requested."], ["20250825", "TXNM Energy, the parent company of PNM, and Blackstone Infrastructure have filed their $11.5 billion acquisition plan with state regulators in New Mexico and Texas. This proposed sale, occurring five years after a failed merger attempt with Avangrid, aims to reshape New Mexico's energy sector and promises $105 million in residential rate credits. Despite potential benefits such as significant investments in technology and economic development, the deal faces opposition from groups like New Energy Economy, who argue it poses risks to residents, workers, and the environment."], ["20250825", "Quiver Quantitative reported a $77 million payment to L3HARRIS TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (LHX) from the Department of Defense, specifically the Department of the Navy, on May 21, 2025. This article details LHX's significant government contract awards, congressional stock trading activity in LHX, insider trading, and institutional investor movements, highlighting both additions and reductions in holdings."], ["20250825", "The US government has announced an $8.9 billion investment in Intel's common stock, representing a 9.9% stake, which Morningstar views favorably for investors due to its passive nature. Despite this positive development, Morningstar maintains a $21 fair value estimate and a Very High Uncertainty Rating for Intel, citing ongoing execution risks in its turnaround efforts. The investment replaces previous Chips Act funding plans and includes a secure enclave program where Intel will provide semiconductors to the government."], ["20250825", "The State of Indiana has sold the former General Motors stamping plant site near downtown Indianapolis to Elanco Animal Health for $27 million. Elanco is currently constructing its new global headquarters at the site, which is expected to open in October, moving over 725 employees from Greenfield to Indianapolis. This move is part of the larger OneHealth Innovation District initiative, a partnership with Purdue University and the Indiana Economic Development Corporation, aimed at fostering innovation and economic growth."], ["20250824", "Over 50 senior doctors at Children\u2019s Health Ireland (CHI) are calling for a ban on medications from Israeli-owned Teva Pharmaceuticals, citing Israel's actions in Gaza and accusing Teva of contributing to alleged war crimes. Teva Pharmaceuticals has rejected these accusations, warning that a boycott could endanger patients and harm Ireland's healthcare system, to which the company contributed significantly. This move highlights a broader effort in Ireland to distance itself from Israel, including past resistance to abandoning Israeli technology by national police and the government's alignment with South Africa's case against Israel at the International Court of Justice."], ["20250824", "Nova Minerals Ltd's Estelle Gold and Critical Minerals Project in Alaska is gaining significant attention due to its potential to supply critical minerals, particularly antimony, to the US. Senator Lisa Murkowski's recent visit underscores the bipartisan interest in reducing reliance on foreign supply chains. The project is strategically important for US defense and industrial sectors, with Nova already accumulating surface stockpiles of antimony."], ["20250824", "Korea is exploring a nuclear energy partnership with the United States to mitigate trade risks, with President Lee Jae Myung expected to propose such a collaboration to U.S. President Donald Trump. This initiative follows Korea's prior success in negotiating lower tariffs by offering cooperation in the U.S. shipbuilding industry. Key Korean energy figures are in Washington to discuss nuclear power plant fuel and small modular reactor technologies, focusing on potential joint ventures despite an earlier controversial deal between KHNP and Westinghouse."], ["20250824", "Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) has reached a new 52-week high, generating significant buzz on X (formerly Twitter) among investors regarding the company's strong performance and potential for continued growth. Discussions also highlight a strategic $2 billion investment in U.S. manufacturing in anticipation of potential drug tariffs. The article further details recent congressional, insider, and hedge fund trading activities, as well as positive analyst ratings and price targets for JNJ."], ["20250823", "Grand Canyon University (GCU), the largest Christian university in the U.S., announced that the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has unanimously voted to drop its lawsuit against the school. GCU President Brian Mueller characterized the lawsuit as \"coordinated lawfare\" from the Biden administration, asserting that the university was unjustly targeted. This decision follows other rulings in GCU's favor, including the Department of Education rescinding a $37.7 million fine."], ["20250822", "Johnson & Johnson is expanding its manufacturing presence in Holly Springs, North Carolina, with a 160,000-square-foot plant at a Fujifilm Diosynth Biotechnologies site, creating 120 jobs. This expansion is part of a larger $2 billion commitment over the next 10 years by J&J for U.S. manufacturing. Additionally, J&J is constructing a $2 billion facility in Wilson, expected to employ over 500 people and focus on biologic medicines for oncology, immunology, and neuroscience."], ["20250822", "The Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the Tax Court's decision against Liberty Global Inc., denying its claim for a $240 million foreign tax credit. The dispute centered on whether gain from the sale of stock in a foreign subsidiary, exceeding the company's overall foreign loss balance, should be characterized as foreign-sourced income. The court upheld the Commissioner of Internal Revenue's position that the excess gain was U.S.-sourced, thereby making Liberty Global ineligible for the credit."], ["20250822", "BRP Inc. CEO Jos\u00e9 Boisjoli states that while tariff costs are manageable for the company due to compliance with USMCA, the resulting economic uncertainty is impacting consumer demand. He noted a slowdown in sales, particularly for entry-level products, as lower-income customers are hesitant to purchase new products. Despite this, BRP is proceeding with new product launches and a strategic shift to focus on powersports, expecting Boisjoli to step down as CEO by January 2026."], ["20250822", "The Trump administration announced it has taken a 10% stake in Intel, a move President Trump described as securing the future of the nation's semiconductor industry and a strategic assertion of federal control over private business. This unusual government intervention, valued at $11.1 billion through CHIPS Act grants and a classified program, aims to bolster U.S. leadership in AI amid competition with China, despite Intel's recent struggles against rivals like Nvidia and AMD. U.S. Senator Mark Warner (D-Virginia) acknowledged the importance of American leadership in critical technology."], ["20250822", "Jack Henry & Associates Inc. has agreed to pay $1.6 million to settle a proposed class-action lawsuit challenging excessive fees in its 401(k) plan. The settlement benefits over 8,000 plan participants, allocating $800,000 for claims related to high administrative fees and another $800,000 for issues with the plan's stable value fund. The agreement aims to resolve disputes concerning alleged fiduciary breaches and harm to retirement savers."], ["20250822", "Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang announced the company is discussing a new AI data center chip for China, potentially called \"B30A,\" with the Trump administration. This chip would be less powerful than Nvidia's top models, adhering to U.S. national security restrictions, and follows the recent approval of H20 chips sales to China with a 15% tax. Nvidia is also addressing Chinese authorities' concerns about security backdoors in its chips."], ["20250822", "The U.S. government has taken a 10% stake in Intel through an $8.9 billion investment, with funds coming from CHIPS Act grants and secure chip program awards. This move signifies an expanded role of the Trump administration in the private sector and is expected to be discussed in an upcoming meeting between President Donald Trump and Intel CEO Lip-Bu Tan. Intel shares rose following the announcement of the government's investment and SoftBank's separate $2 billion investment."], ["20250822", "AMD continues to outperform its semiconductor peers, driven by its strong position in the artificial intelligence (AI) chip market despite short-term challenges. A recent deal with the U.S. government allows AMD to sell chips to China in exchange for a 15% revenue cut, providing some certainty for its sales. This agreement, while having two sides of interpretation regarding long-term revenue sharing, highlights the need for flexible trading strategies to manage market neutrality and hedge positions."], ["20250821", "The Louisiana Public Service Commission has approved Entergy's proposal to build three new natural gas power plants to supply electricity to a $10 billion Meta data center. This decision, made in a 4-1 vote, faced strong criticism from consumer protection groups and environmental advocates due to concerns about potential impacts on utility bills, water consumption, and air pollution. Despite public backlash and questions about the rushed approval process, commissioners highlighted the creation of 500 new jobs in a poverty-stricken area of Louisiana as a key benefit."], ["20250821", "Johnson & Johnson is investing $2 billion over 10 years to expand a biopharmaceutical manufacturing facility in North Carolina, creating approximately 120 new jobs. This move aligns with a broader company initiative to onshore biopharmaceutical manufacturing and an earlier pledge of $55 billion for U.S. investments, responding to policies aimed at boosting domestic production. The investment contributes to the debate about reshoring manufacturing, with economists noting challenges like high labor costs but advantages such as abundant energy."], ["20250821", "International Paper announced the closure of its Savannah Mill, Savannah Box Plant, and Riceboro Mill by the end of September 2025, resulting in over 1,100 job losses. The company plans to offer severance packages and outplacement assistance to eligible employees. State and local officials, including Governor Brian Kemp and Savannah Mayor Van Johnson, expressed concern and committed to supporting affected workers and communities."], ["20250821", "Comcast reported strong Q2 2025 results, exceeding EPS and revenue forecasts with innovative strategies for broadband, Xfinity Mobile, and Peacock. The company's new broadband pricing and mobile growth initiatives are showing early positive signs, despite subscriber losses. Comcast is also strategically expanding its theme parks and media segment, including significant investments in NBA content for Peacock and infrastructure, anticipating long-term growth and a substantial cash tax benefit."], ["20250821", "Dycom Industries Inc (DY) reported record Q2 2026 revenue of $1.38 billion, a 14.5% increase year-over-year, alongside record EBITDA and EPS. The company also announced a strong total backlog of $8 billion, with significant growth in its 12-month backlog, and reaffirmed its full-year revenue outlook. Despite challenges like timing variations, tariff fluidity, and competitive pressures, Dycom is confident in its operational efficiencies and future growth, particularly in the fiber-to-the-home and data center markets."], ["20250820", "The Brussels prosecutor's office has launched an investigation into ING Belgium regarding a potential influence peddling case connected to its handling of client Didier Reynders, a former European commissioner and Belgian Liberal deputy prime minister. The probe started after the National Bank presented its inspection report on ING Belgium's practices to authorities. Between 2008 and 2018, Reynders deposited nearly EUR 700,000 in cash, and the bank, despite questioning him in 2018, only filed a statement to Belgian financial intelligence in 2023."], ["20250820", "A divisive plan to mine phosphates in the Negev near Arad is back on the Israeli government's agenda, despite strong opposition from green organizations and local residents, including Bedouins who would face evacuation. The proposed mine by ICL company is criticized for potential severe environmental and health impacts, including radioactive waste and water pollution. Critics argue the project prioritizes corporate profits over public health and environmental concerns, and they accuse the government of fast-tracking the decision amid war."], ["20250820", "The One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA), passed in July 2025, introduces significant tax changes for families, effective in 2025 and 2026. Key updates include an increased Child Tax Credit to $2,200 per child, a permanent $500 Other Dependent Credit, expanded uses for 529 plans, and revisions to the Child and Dependent Care Credit. Additionally, the bill makes the Adoption Tax Credit partially refundable and establishes new Trump Savings Accounts with a federal contribution for eligible newborns."], ["20250820", "Louisiana's Public Service Commission (PSC) has approved Entergy Louisiana's plan to build three new power plants to supply a proposed Meta artificial intelligence data center in Richland Parish. The $10 billion project is expected to create thousands of jobs, but the decision was met with some opposition from activists and one commissioner who raised concerns about the process and lack of competitive bids."], ["20250820", "Governor JB Pritzker announced that Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (NASDAQ: RELL) will expand its operations in La Fox, Illinois, investing over $8.5 million and creating 54 new jobs. The expansion, supported by the REV Illinois program, focuses on developing and producing next-generation battery energy storage systems (BESS) to enhance grid stability and support clean energy. This move reinforces Illinois' leadership in clean energy innovation and advanced manufacturing."], ["20250819", "York County residents are invited to public hearings to provide input on proposed rate increases by York Water for water and wastewater services. The changes could see residential customers paying an average of $10.50 to $16 more per month for water and $7 to $39 more for wastewater, depending on the service area. The Pennsylvania Utility Commission has scheduled both in-person and telephone hearings for August 26th and 27th, with a final decision expected by March 1."], ["20250819", "This article describes a $9.5 million \"junk fee\" settlement reached between the parent company of Booking.com and the state of Texas. The settlement addresses charges related to hidden fees. The specifics of which fees were deemed \"junk fees\" and the exact nature of the agreement are detailed."], ["20250819", "UBS has reissued its Buy rating for Northrop Grumman (NYSE: NOC) and maintained its $690.00 price target. This reiteration comes as the defense contractor continues to perform strongly in the development and testing of the B-21 Raider aircraft program. The B-21 program is anticipated to expand beyond its initial 100-aircraft plan with an additional $4.5 billion in funding, potentially leading to increased production rates and better financial positioning for Northrop Grumman."], ["20250819", "Florida has filed a lawsuit against McGraw Hill LLC and Savvas Learning Company LLC, accusing the textbook publishers of \"systematically overcharging\" school districts for instructional materials. Governor Ron DeSantis and Attorney General James Uthmeier announced the suit, alleging that the companies violated state law by not providing Florida schools with the best prices offered elsewhere and withholding required cost reductions. The state claims there are at least 5,900 instances of overcharges, potentially leading to civil penalties between $37.5 million and $60.5 million."], ["20250819", "Executives from JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley, along with overseas investors, will visit South Korea next month to meet top policymakers and financial executives. The purpose of their visit is to assess \"Korea risks\" firsthand, as the government's increasing intervention in the financial sector raises concerns among investors, despite the K-Value-Up initiative. Recent government measures, including demands for banks to fund a \"bad bank\" and a national growth fund, alongside increased taxes, are seen as potentially eroding bank profitability and capital strength, leading to a decline in shares of major Korean banking groups."], ["20250819", "A federal judge has ruled against Elevance Health in its lawsuit challenging the government's lowering of its Medicare Advantage quality ratings. This decision could cost Elevance $375 million in bonus revenue, with the judge stating that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services correctly followed the law. This marks another setback for the Medicare Advantage industry, which has frequently sued over ratings calculations."], ["20250819", "Booking Holdings Inc., operator of Booking.com, Priceline.com, and Kayak.com, will pay Texas $9.5 million to settle claims of omitting mandatory fees from hotel room prices. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton announced the settlement, highlighting it as the largest recovery by a state related to \"junk fee\" practices against a hotel or online travel agency. Paxton stated that deceiving Texans by hiding fees is both unethical and illegal."], ["20250819", "Medical-device maker Medtronic (MDT.N) has raised its annual profit forecast for fiscal 2026, citing a smaller-than-expected impact from proposed U.S. tariffs. The company now anticipates adjusted profit between $5.60 and $5.66 per share, an increase from its previous forecast, reflecting strong demand for non-urgent surgeries. Medtronic has also reduced its assumed tariff impact to $185 million for the year."], ["20250819", "Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE) has declined to include European Union joint debt in its sovereign bond indexes, a decision that thwarts the EU's efforts to attract more investors and reduce borrowing costs. ICE cited a lack of consensus on the classification of the EU as an issuer. Currently, the EU is treated as a supranational entity by index compilers, which the bloc believes contributes to higher borrowing costs compared to European governments with similar credit ratings."], ["20250819", "Medtronic (NYSE: MDT) boosted its full-year earnings outlook following better-than-expected financials for Q1 fiscal 2025 and a reduced impact from new tariffs. Concurrently, the company also announced the appointment of two new independent directors."], ["20250819", "GE Vernova announced a $41 million expansion plan for its generator manufacturing operations in Schenectady, creating 50 new jobs. This move follows $130 million in previous investments in the Capital Region since 2023 and is part of a larger $720 million nationwide investment to boost manufacturing capacity and meet rising electricity demand. The expansion will focus on increasing production of H65 and H84 generators used in power plants."], ["20250818", "Vasta Platform's recent robust earnings report may be misleading due to significant contributions from unusual items and a tax benefit. The presence of a R$97m gain from unusual items, which are typically non-recurring, and an R$182m tax benefit, suggests that the underlying profit strength might not be as high as statutory numbers indicate. Investors are cautioned to consider these factors as future profitability could decrease if these one-off events are not repeated."], ["20250818", "PFIZER INC. disclosed $3,710,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, focusing on a wide range of issues including vaccine policy, drug pricing, and PBM reform. The article also details recent trading activities of PFE stock by members of Congress and company insiders, significant hedge fund movements, and current analyst ratings and price targets for the stock."], ["20250818", "A natural gas company, The Williams Company, is seeking federal approval to expand its Transco pipeline system, which would involve constructing a 23.3-mile underwater pipeline in Raritan Bay and adjacent waters. This expansion requires an exemption to federal law that would allow for the disturbance, harassment, and potential harm or death of marine wildlife, including the critically endangered North Atlantic right whale, during construction. Environmental groups and local officials oppose the project, arguing against the revival of an expired permit and highlighting the potential environmental risks."], ["20250818", "The Japan Tourism Agency stated that work on the MGM Osaka integrated resort project is proceeding \"vigorously\" and meeting all requirement criteria. The JPY1.27-trillion (US$8.61-billion) project, a collaboration between MGM Resorts International, Orix Corp, and domestic investors, is expected to be completed by summer 2030. This evaluation comes as Japan considers potential new IR sites and a new round of hosting applications."], ["20250818", "Consumers Energy has committed an additional $2 million to help qualifying Michigan customers with past-due summer energy bills, expanding its total assistance for the year to $7 million. This new funding, distributed through The Heat and Warmth Fund (THAW) and The Salvation Army, builds on a $5 million contribution for winter assistance. In 2024, the company helped over 137,000 Michiganders secure nearly $69 million in energy cost aid, illustrating its ongoing commitment to customer support."], ["20250818", "America's Car-Mart CEO Doug Campbell experienced a significant drop in his total compensation in fiscal 2025, falling to $1.55 million from $8.4 million in 2024, primarily due to the absence of stock awards and options. Despite this, his salary increased, and the company reported improved fiscal income of $17.9 million. Other executives, including CFO Vickie Judy and COO Jamie Fischer, saw changes in their compensation reflective of new roles or first-time executive status."], ["20250818", "Array Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ: ARRY) stock surged 8.6%, driven by investor enthusiasm for renewable energy and supportive policy changes, including a 26% jump after revised Treasury Department guidance on clean energy tax credits. The company reported strong Q2 revenue of $362.2M, exceeding analyst expectations, and an upgraded EPS outlook for 2025, further boosted by the strategic acquisition of APA Solar. Despite some mixed financial ratios like a negative EBIT margin, Array shows robust gross margins and a solid price-to-cash flow, indicating cautious optimism among investors."], ["20250818", "Ahead of a crucial Treasury bond auction, the Argentine government is conducting an extraordinary tender to absorb excess cash and combat inflation. The official dollar is trading at $1320, while the blue dollar is at $1330. Earlier, the Treasury's previous bond renewal attempt saw lower-than-expected take-up, prompting this new strategy involving the central bank and short-term bonds for banks."], ["20250818", "A recent update reveals a $106 million payment to NORTHROP GRUMMAN SYSTEMS CORPORATION from the Department of Defense for a delivery order related to CY25 LAIRCM Hardware. This payment is part of over $7.5 billion in award payments received by Northrop Grumman over the last year. The article also details recent congressional stock trading, insider trading activity, and hedge fund movements related to NOC stock."], ["20250818", "Dillard's shareholders have approved the plan to reincorporate the company from Delaware to Texas, effective August 31, 2025. The company stated this move will not affect its headquarters, business operations, or jobs in Little Rock. The decision was driven by reasons including avoiding higher Delaware franchise taxes, potentially reducing frivolous lawsuits, and expanding shareholders' rights, despite some legal experts questioning the assessment."], ["20250817", "RBC Capital has reduced its price target for Algoma Steel (ASTL) to C$8 from C$10, maintaining a Sector Perform rating, after the company reported a Q2 2025 net loss of $110.6 million. This loss contrasts sharply with the prior year's net income and was primarily driven by a 10.5% year-over-year decline in steel revenue and increased costs, exacerbated by $64 million in direct tariff costs on shipments to the US."], ["20250817", "The Continental Area of Santos, SP, will undergo a Rural Sanitation Census between August 18 and September 30 to expand access to potable water and sanitation for residents. The initiative is part of Projeto Brotar, developed by Sabesp in partnership with the Prefecture, and aims to improve the quality of life, reduce waterborne diseases, and strengthen sustainable development in rural areas. Agents will visit homes to apply a comprehensive questionnaire about local infrastructure, including health, transport, education, internet, electricity, water, and sanitation."], ["20250817", "The Federal Trade Commission has dropped its 2023 lawsuit against Grand Canyon Education and Grand Canyon University's president, Brian Mueller, which alleged misrepresentation of doctoral program costs. The FTC cited losses in motions to dismiss and recent wins for GCU, including IRS nonprofit designation and the Department of Education revoking a $37.7 million fine for similar allegations. Despite the federal cases concluding, a class-action lawsuit by former students making similar claims is ongoing."], ["20250815", "AECOM (ACM) is experiencing strong growth propelled by a robust $24.6 billion backlog and favorable public infrastructure spending, particularly in the U.S. due to the IIJA, and internationally. The company's focus on sustainability, innovation, and digital solutions further enhances its competitive edge for securing large projects. However, it faces potential risks from macroeconomic uncertainties, changing trade policies, and project delays related to government contracts."], ["20250815", "Smith & Wesson has secured a second contract with the Montana Highway Patrol (MHP) to supply firearms for their officers. The MHP has chosen Smith & Wesson M&P15 SBRs as their patrol rifle and Gemtech Abyss suppressors, supplementing their existing M&P9 M2.0 handguns. This continues a long-standing partnership between Smith & Wesson and the MHP, celebrating reliability and service."], ["20250815", "Playboy Enterprises is relocating its headquarters from Los Angeles to Miami Beach, with CEO Ben Kohn citing California's \"anti-business\" environment and high operating costs. The move, welcomed by Miami Beach officials, includes plans for a new Playboy Club and content studios in a luxury office building. This decision follows a trend of other major corporations leaving California due to its challenging business climate, despite the state remaining a global economic power."], ["20250815", "Bloomberg reported that the US government is discussing taking a stake in Intel, causing Intel's shares to rise by 7%. Morningstar maintains its $21 fair value estimate and Very High Uncertainty Rating for Intel, believing such an investment would be beneficial for the company's capital needs in building leading-edge fabs. The US government likely aims to ensure onshore chip manufacturing, supporting Intel despite Taiwan Semiconductor's existing investments in US fabs."], ["20250815", "Internal documents obtained by The Washington Post indicate that ICE plans to open up to three new immigrant detention centers in Colorado by the end of the year, significantly increasing the state's detention capacity. This expansion, including proposed sites in Walsenburg, Hudson, and Ignacio, would add 2,560 beds, tripling the current capacity. The move is part of ICE's broader effort to expand detention and deportation efforts, bolstered by recent federal funding, and would make Colorado the sixth-largest state in terms of immigration detention beds nationwide."], ["20250815", "Bank of America has reportedly reversed its debanking practices against conservative religious groups, amending its code of conduct to explicitly prohibit discrimination based on religious viewpoint. This comes after criticism from conservative activists and a move by other major banks to stop such policies. Separately, the article discusses how former President Trump also criticized Bank of America's debanking of private prison companies like GEO Group, a policy influenced by ESG considerations."], ["20250815", "Aveanna Healthcare is intensifying its advocacy efforts and continuing its preferred payer strategy to navigate an uncertain reimbursement environment and recent policy changes. The company expresses disappointment with the proposed 2026 home health payment rule, stressing its potential negative impact on access to care and industry sustainability. Through proactive engagement with state Medicaid programs and grassroots advocacy, Aveanna aims to address challenges like workforce shortages and inadequate reimbursement rates."], ["20250815", "An appeals court has granted Argentina a reprieve in an ongoing legal battle, ruling that the nation does not have to surrender its controlling stake in YPF SA to satisfy a $16 billion judgment. This decision by the 2nd US Circuit Court of Appeals puts a lower court's order on hold, easing pressure on President Javier Milei's government as legislative elections approach. The appeal process is expected to continue for several months."], ["20250815", "The Huntsville City Council has approved financial incentives for Parsons Corporation and Performance Drones Works LLC (PDW) to expand their operations in the city. These expansions are projected to bring over 700 new jobs to Huntsville, with both companies investing significantly and offering high-paying positions. The city's investment in these expansions aims to boost the local economy and create a growing tax base."], ["20250815", "Bumble Inc. CEO Whitney Wolfe Herd indirectly sold over 1.3 million shares of Class A Common Stock for $8.55 million for tax and estate planning. Despite operating with moderate debt, the company maintains strong liquidity and analysts provided mixed ratings following its Q2 2025 earnings report, which showed an EPS miss but a revenue beat."], ["20250815", "Heron Therapeutics, Inc. has adopted a Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, specifically a Section 382 rights plan, to protect its substantial net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs). This plan aims to deter any single investor or group from acquiring 4.99% or more of the company's stock, which could trigger an \"ownership change\" under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and limit the use of these valuable tax assets. The company's NOLs, totaling approximately $1.37 billion as of December 31, 2024, are crucial for offsetting future taxable income and supporting its growth strategy."], ["20250815", "The Trump administration is reportedly considering acquiring a direct equity stake in Intel, a move that would represent a significant shift in U.S. industrial policy. This consideration follows a meeting between Intel's CEO, Lip-Bu Tan, and President Trump, and comes amid Intel's financial struggles and national security concerns surrounding semiconductor production. The potential investment, which caused Intel's stock to surge, aims to bolster U.S. technological independence and competitiveness against global rivals."], ["20250814", "Tapestry Inc.'s annual profit outlook fell short of analysts' expectations due to the significant impact of tariffs, amounting to 60 cents per diluted share or $160 million in extra costs. Despite this, the company saw a 13% revenue increase at Coach and is working to turn around Kate Spade, with management expressing confidence in mitigating tariff impacts over time. The company also projects nearly $7.2 billion in revenue for the current fiscal year, slightly above analysts' estimates, after selling Stuart Weitzman to focus on its core brands."], ["20250814", "Morgan Stanley Investment Management (MSIM) has introduced Tax Optimized Portfolio Solutions (TOPS), a new tool designed to enhance client outcomes through customized tax management. TOPS integrates solutions from MSIM, Eaton Vance, and Parametric Portfolio Associates to address complex portfolio challenges like volatility management, total return enhancement, income generation, and legacy planning, all while optimizing tax efficiency. This tool aims to empower advisors to create highly tailored portfolios that align with individual client financial goals and tax considerations."], ["20250814", "The Delaware Supreme Court ruled that only the named insured can satisfy self-insured retentions (SIRs) in liability policies, rejecting payments made by parent company 3M on behalf of its Aearo entities. This decision stems from a dispute over legal costs from Combat Arms Earplugs lawsuits and has significant implications for insurers and risk managers, emphasizing strict adherence to policy language in complex corporate structures. The ruling advises all parties to review policy details to avoid uncovered costs."], ["20250814", "Deere & Co. saw its shares plunge after revising its 2025 net income forecast downwards due to struggling farmers delaying machinery purchases. Lower grain prices and tariffs have made farmers cautious, impacting sales and causing the company to raise some machine prices and reduce production. The company is actively managing inventory to match retail demand."], ["20250814", "Retractable Technologies (NYSE American: RVP) reported increased net sales for Q2 and H1 2025, reaching $10.4 million and $18.7 million respectively, despite operating losses and significant tariffs from China. To mitigate the impact of the 130% tariff on certain products, the company boosted its U.S. production to 38% from 9% in the previous year and implemented workforce reductions. The company also noted a litigation settlement of $1.9 million and an unrealized net loss on investments."], ["20250814", "A federal judge has ruled that most ERISA claims alleging excessive fees against government contractors Amentum and DynCorp can proceed, but dismissed those concerning improper use of forfeited funds. The lawsuit, brought by former employees, contends that plan fiduciaries failed to offer lower-cost investment options and mishandled forfeitures. The court found that the plans' terms permitted forfeitures to reduce company contributions, aligning with Treasury regulations and federal policy."], ["20250814", "S&P Global Ratings has revised Eastman Chemical Co.'s outlook from stable to negative, while affirming its 'BBB' rating, due to the anticipated impact of tariffs and trade issues leading to weakened product demand. The company expects mid-single-digit percentage declines in the second half of 2025 and foresees its funds from operations to debt ratio dropping to 21% this year. Despite challenges, Eastman's diverse end markets in electronics, healthcare, and water treatment are expected to offer partial mitigation."], ["20250814", "The Trump administration is considering taking a stake in Intel to bolster the struggling chipmaker and support its plans for a new US manufacturing facility. This potential deal could serve as a model for similar government investments in critical US industries, reflecting the administration's push to increase domestic manufacturing of tech products. Discussions followed a meeting between President Trump and Intel CEO Lip-Bu Tan, after which Intel's shares climbed over 7%."], ["20250814", "Infosys has been fined over Rs 66 lakh (97,035 Singapore dollars) by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore for GST payment issues from April to June 2025. Simultaneously, Infosys announced its plan to acquire a 75% stake in Versent Group, a subsidiary of Telstra, for approximately Rs 1,336 crore. This acquisition is part of a strategic collaboration to provide AI-enabled cloud and digital solutions for Australian businesses."], ["20250814", "Nebraska Attorney General Mike Hilgers is celebrating a third victory against California's electric vehicle standards and emissions rules after four major semitruck manufacturers agreed to void the California-led mandates. Hilgers had filed an antitrust lawsuit against these manufacturers for their \"Clean Truck Partnership\" with California, which he argued imposed unlawful regulatory compliance. This win follows previous successes against California's \"Advanced Clean Fleet\" regulations and an EPA lawsuit seeking to repeal EV mandates, marking a \"multi-front war\" against what Hilgers calls a \"destructive ideological agenda.\""], ["20250814", "Clean energy stocks have experienced a significant rebound recently, despite changes in tax credit laws that previously supported the industry. The upcoming week could serve as a crucial test for the sustainability of this rally. Companies like NextEra Energy, Sunrun, SolarEdge, and Enphase could be affected by these new tax credit regulations."], ["20250814", "Century Aluminum is investing $50 million to restart full production at its Mount Holly smelter, creating 100 new jobs with an average wage of $100,000. This move is expected to boost U.S. aluminum production by 10% by 2026 and is attributed to President Trump's Section 232 tariffs. The restart is supported by an extended power contract with Santee Cooper through 2031."], ["20250813", "Several major hotel companies, including Hilton, IHG, Choice, and Wyndham, experienced U.S. RevPAR declines in Q2 2025 due to decreased government spending, reduced international inbound travel, and broader economic uncertainty. While some CEOs remained optimistic, citing factors like the \"One Big Beautiful Bill Act,\" others pointed to continued macroeconomic headwinds. Many industry experts are now forecasting a slight decline in U.S. RevPAR for the full year 2025."], ["20250813", "Venture Global LNG secured a victory in its arbitration case against Shell regarding alleged non-delivery of liquefied natural gas, reaffirming the integrity of its contracts. This win, coupled with exceeding Q2 earnings expectations, a new Department of Energy authorization for increased non-FTA exports, and securing $15.1 billion in financing for its CP2 project, marks a strong period of growth for the company within a newly favorable U.S. LNG policy environment. The CP2 project, set to begin deliveries by the end of 2027, will make Venture Global one of the largest LNG exporters in the U.S."], ["20250813", "The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) has modified a contract with Systems & Technology Research LLC, adding $11.3 million to the Artificial Intelligence Reinforcements program. This modification brings the total contract value to $17.2 million and extends work through February 2028. The article also details numerous other significant defense contracts awarded by the Army, Air Force, and Navy, covering various projects from missile production to aircraft engine repair and software development."], ["20250813", "Novartis Pharmaceuticals has filed a lawsuit against the State of Rhode Island, seeking to block a new state law regulating the federal 340B Drug Pricing Program. The company argues that the law, set to take effect on October 1, 2025, violates federal authority and the Commerce Clause by attempting to regulate contract pharmacy relationships beyond federal statutes. This legal challenge pits the pharmaceutical giant against proponents of the law, who claim it is essential to protect safety-net hospitals and health centers that rely on the program to provide care to vulnerable Rhode Islanders."], ["20250813", "DTE Energy is resisting pressure from former President Trump to postpone the shutdown of its coal-fired power plants. The company is moving forward with its plans to transition away from coal despite the political pushback, highlighting a tension between energy policy and environmental goals."], ["20250813", "AbbVie plans to invest $195 million in a new API facility in North Chicago, anticipated to be operational by 2027. This investment is part of a larger $10 billion commitment aimed at enhancing US innovation and manufacturing capacity, particularly in neuroscience, immunology, and oncology. The move also responds to governmental pressures to lower drug prices and aligns with a broader trend of pharmaceutical companies increasing domestic investments."], ["20250813", "Southland Holdings (SLND) reported mixed financial results for Q2 2025, with revenue down to $215 million but a significant improvement in gross profit margin to 6.2% from -15.9% in the prior year. Despite a net loss of $10.3 million and an 8.21% stock price drop, the company maintains a strong backlog of $2.32 billion and a positive outlook due to infrastructure spending and a focus on high-margin projects. Executives Frank Renda and Keith Bassano emphasized strategic shifts towards profitability and the ongoing demand fueled by federal funding and state initiatives."], ["20250813", "Dominion Energy, Virginia's largest electric utility, has admitted there was no independent review of bids for its planned gas plant in Chesterfield County, despite earlier claims. This change of statement, prompted by the Virginia Attorney General's Division of Consumer Counsel, has raised concerns among environmental and advocacy groups given Dominion's past involvement in a bid-rigging scandal. Critics argue the lack of independent oversight compromises public trust and allows Dominion to bias outcomes toward fossil fuel generation, especially as states like Virginia grapple with increasing energy demands from data centers."], ["20250813", "Applied Materials is seeking a foreign trade zone designation for its Central Texas operations to avoid tariffs and mitigate the impact of higher import taxes. Company officials deem this designation \"a crucial element\" for its U.S. operations, especially amidst President Donald Trump's plans to expand tariffs. This move could inspire other companies to take similar actions to protect their operations."], ["20250813", "PNC Bank, N.A. has been officially listed as a commercial vendor on the Department of Treasury\u2019s Financial Management Quality Service Management Office (FM QSMO) Marketplace. This designation recognizes PNC as a trusted provider for federal agencies seeking compliant financial management solutions. The bank\u2019s specialized group, PNC Federal Solutions, offers services like Integrated Receivables, Integrated Payables, and Fraud Risk Services to help federal agencies modernize their operations."], ["20250812", "The Trump Administration controversially reversed its ban on Nvidia selling H20 chips to China, a decision driven by an agreement for Nvidia to pay 15 percent of its revenue from these sales to the U.S. government. This move, similar to past actions regarding TikTok and Nippon Steel, raises concerns that the administration is leveraging national security for political or financial gain. This trend could undermine the credibility of future national security arguments and make policymakers hesitant to address legitimate threats."], ["20250812", "Despite exceeding revenue and non-GAAP profit expectations, GE HealthCare's Q2 results were met with a negative market reaction due to margin pressure from tariffs and unfavorable product mix. Management highlighted strong demand in the U.S. and EMEA, robust performance in Imaging, and record backlog, while addressing analyst concerns about order growth deceleration, gross margin headwinds, China's outlook, and the Photon Counting CT launch. Looking ahead, analysts will focus on new product launches, tariff mitigation, and improved tender activity in China."], ["20250812", "Cenovus Energy is reportedly in discussions with Canadian Indigenous groups to jointly acquire MEG Energy. The proposed deal involves Indigenous communities taking a C$2-billion stake, backed by government financial support, while Cenovus would buy the remainder. This move comes as MEG Energy faces a hostile takeover bid from Strathcona Resources, prompting questions about competitive fairness if government funding is involved."], ["20250812", "J.B. Hunt Transport Inc. successfully defended its compensation scheme for truck drivers against a revived challenge based on California wage law. The Ninth Circuit affirmed the lower court's decision, stating it found no error in its rulings on pre-trial allegations, evidence, jury instructions, or costs awarded to J.B. Hunt after the jury ruled in the company's favor. The workers had alleged that the company's pay plan was complicated and challenged its legality."], ["20250812", "A U.S. District Judge in Texas has refused to block the Federal Trade Commission's consumer protection and racial discrimination lawsuit against Asbury Automotive Group. The judge ruled that Asbury had not met the high bar for a preliminary injunction, dismissing most of its lawsuit but leaving open arguments on whether the FTC's claims belong in federal court. The FTC accuses Asbury of deceptive practices with hidden fees and charging Black and Latino buyers more than others."], ["20250812", "The Michigan League of Conservation Voters is criticizing Consumers Energy and DTE Energy for over $250,000 in political donations to Michigan legislators, particularly those on energy policy committees. The group highlights that these contributions occur while Michigan families face high rates and poor service from utilities that serve over 80% of the state's electricity customers. Both companies assert compliance with donation laws, stating funds come from investors or voluntary employee PACs, not customer revenue, as the League pushes for a ballot initiative to ban political contributions from regulated utility companies."], ["20250812", "Employer advocacy groups, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and ERISA Industry Committee, have filed an amicus brief urging the U.S. 4th Circuit Court of Appeals to overturn a district court's decision in a case challenging Lockheed Martin's pension risk transfers (PRTs). They argue that the plaintiffs' allegations are \"speculative,\" PRTs are permissible under ERISA, and the ongoing litigation creates a chilling effect on these transactions, ultimately hurting retirees. The brief also seeks clarification on standing requirements for equitable relief claims in PRT cases."], ["20250811", "The estate of Jean Amos, matriarch of the family behind Aflac Inc., and the IRS have settled an $11.7 million tax dispute. The estate no longer owes tax deficiencies related to asset sales during the Covid-19 pandemic. Terms of the settlement were not disclosed, following an initial intention for a trial."], ["20250811", "Culver City is considering the decommissioning of a public art piece titled \"Media in Motion\" located at 10950 Washington Blvd. The artwork, which has been installed for 27 years, needs to be removed because the property owner, Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc., plans to demolish the existing building and construct a new mixed-used development. Due to its specific design, the artwork cannot be relocated, and a public meeting will be held on August 19, 2025, to discuss its deaccessioning."], ["20250811", "Summit Utilities Oklahoma has applied to the state Corporation Commission for a $4.9 million base rate increase, citing capital improvement projects and a need to achieve a 7.77% rate of return. If approved, the average residential customer would see a monthly increase of $2.50. The company serves 79 communities in 36 Oklahoma counties and has invested significantly in its infrastructure and community programs."], ["20250811", "Ally Financial has committed over $150 million in 2025 towards workforce development initiatives to promote economic mobility through education, career opportunities, and job creation. This includes more than $147 million in loans and investments to support job creation and retention, primarily benefiting low- and moderate-income communities, and over $1.6 million in grants to 57 nonprofit organizations in Charlotte and Detroit. The initiatives aim to address the evolving job market by providing skills training, supporting small businesses, and helping underserved individuals find sustainable employment and financial security."], ["20250811", "Recent discussions on X (formerly Twitter) regarding Lockheed Martin (LMT) have been sparked by a class-action lawsuit alleging the company misled investors. The discussions cover concerns about the suit's impact on stock stability and reputation, as well as broader market volatility and strategic moves, reflecting a mix of cautious analysis and forward-looking curiosity. Additionally, the article details congressional and insider trading activity, hedge fund movements, significant government contracts, and analyst ratings for LMT."], ["20250811", "L.B. Foster Company (FSTR) reported a significant miss on Q2 2025 earnings expectations, with an EPS of $0.27 against a forecast of $0.59 and revenue of $143.56 million against $146.79 million. Despite challenges in its rail segment and the exit of its UK automation business, the company saw a 2% growth in net sales year-over-year and a 51.4% increase in adjusted EBITDA. L.B. Foster revised its full-year guidance slightly lower but remains optimistic about increased demand in rail technologies and precast concrete for the latter half of 2025."], ["20250811", "IBM received a $28 million payment from the Department of Homeland Security for architecture and engineering support services. This payment contributes to over $1.16 billion in government contracts awarded to IBM in the last year. The article also details recent IBM stock trading activity by members of Congress, insider trading, and hedge fund movements."], ["20250809", "Clean Energy Fuels (CLNE) stock surged nearly 13% after the company reported better-than-expected second-quarter earnings. The renewable natural gas specialist beat analyst estimates on both revenue and non-GAAP net income, driven by strong demand and beneficial government policies like the clean fuel production tax credit. The company is also expanding its reach by securing new supply arrangements with large municipal transit fleets, indicating a promising outlook for its niche market."], ["20250808", "National Development Council Minister Paul Liu stated that Taiwanese chipmakers who have invested or pledged investment in the US, including TSMC, are expected to be exempt from US President Donald Trump\u2019s semiconductor tariffs. He added that the impact of the tariffs on Taiwan's local chip industry would be limited due to most chips being for domestic assembly plants and a small percentage of exports to the US. Liu also addressed TSMC's investment plans and the government's commitment to safeguarding leading-edge technology in Taiwan."], ["20250808", "Uranium Energy Corp (UEC) announced that its Sweetwater Uranium Complex received federal fast-track approval, designated as a transparency project by the U.S. Federal Permitting Improvement Steering Council. This designation, part of a broader White House initiative, aims to accelerate domestic mineral production and reduce reliance on foreign uranium sources. Sweetwater is set to become the largest dual-feed uranium facility in the U.S., significantly boosting domestic uranium output and contributing to U.S. energy security, which has led to a surge in UEC's stock price."], ["20250808", "A federal district court judge in Minnesota has largely narrowed a putative class action lawsuit against Travelers Insurance regarding its tobacco surcharge in employer-sponsored health plans. While the court dismissed most claims, including those about \"arbitrary deadlines\" and lacking a \"legally compliant reasonable alternative standard,\" it allowed one claim to proceed. Travelers will need to defend against the allegation that it failed to inform participants that personal physician recommendations for tobacco cessation would be accommodated."], ["20250808", "A former Trump administration insider, Sean Spicer, stated that cannabis legalization \"won't happen\" under Trump, despite claims from Scott's Miracle Gro CEO James Hagedorn that Trump would reschedule cannabis. This stance contradicts other industry insiders like Weldon Angelos, who believe Trump will reclassify the plant given his previous actions and donations from multi-state cannabis operators to his PAC. The article highlights the conflicting opinions within the cannabis community and among those close to Trump regarding the future of federal cannabis reform."], ["20250808", "ICU Medical (ICUI) reported strong Q2 2025 financial results, with adjusted EPS of $2.10 exceeding analyst expectations of $1.50 and revenue reaching $548.9 million. The company's stock rose by 2.38% following the announcement, and it revised its full-year guidance upward for adjusted EPS to $6.85-$7.15, and adjusted EBITDA to $380-$390 million, despite ongoing concerns about tariffs. Key drivers of success included record performance in the consumables business and strategic operational improvements, positioning the company for continued growth in infusion therapy."], ["20250808", "Granite Construction (NYSE: GVA) reported a strong Q2 2025 with a 4% revenue increase to $1.126 billion and adjusted EPS of $1.93, exceeding analyst expectations. The company's growth was fueled by strategic acquisitions of Warren Paving and Papich Construction for $710 million, which are expected to add $425 million in annual revenue and enhance EBITDA margins. Granite also achieved record committed and awarded projects (CAP) of $6.1 billion and provided optimistic guidance for 2025 and 2027, anticipating sustained growth from public funding and infrastructure needs."], ["20250808", "Corning Inc. is moving forward with its $139 million investment in Monroe County, with a new Development and Engineering Center of Excellence in Fairport set to open in early 2026. This expansion includes significant upgrades to its Fairport facility, the creation of nearly 270 new jobs, and aims to meet the growing demands of the semiconductor industry. The project is supported by New York State's Excelsior Jobs Tax Credits, along with Monroe County and Greater Rochester Enterprise."], ["20250808", "Small business owners often overlook the tax-saving potential of integrating both qualified and non-qualified retirement plans. While 401(k)s offer benefits, non-qualified plans provide unlimited contribution limits, making them invaluable for high-earning owners and executives and crucial for talent retention. Advisors have a strong opportunity to help small businesses minimize tax burdens and strengthen client relationships by implementing these integrated strategies."], ["20250808", "Phil Huber of Cliffwater discusses the increasing adoption of private market investments by financial advisors, spurred by product innovation, greater accessibility, and a policy shift encouraging their inclusion in retirement plans. He explains the operational challenges that previously deterred advisors and how \"evergreen\" fund structures like interval funds are addressing these issues, offering diversification and return enhancement for high-net-worth investors. Huber also touches on the importance of manager selection, the reasons behind higher private market fees, and the potential of private debt as a beta asset class."], ["20250808", "A Wayne County judge has issued an injunction preventing government contractors in five states from sending hazardous waste to the Wayne Disposal landfill in Michigan. The decision was made after a year of legal challenges from Detroit-area communities concerned about environmental impacts, with the judge citing a \"substantial and compelling\" risk. Republic Services, which operates the landfill, called the court order \"overly broad,\" while local officials praised the ruling as a win for community safety."], ["20250808", "The United States has imposed new tariffs on Swiss gold imports, specifically on one-kilo and 100-ounce gold bars, which could significantly disrupt the global bullion market. This decision contradicts previous industry expectations and places a 39% tariff on Swiss gold, potentially costing an additional $24 billion for the $61.5 billion in gold exported to the U.S. Peter Schiff advises investors to buy smaller gold bars and coins now, anticipating that these tariffs might expand to include smaller gold products in the future."], ["20250808", "Intel CEO Lip-Bu Tan defended his commitment to the U.S. chipmaker after President Trump demanded his resignation over reported investments in Chinese companies. Tan stated his dedication to the U.S. and Intel, asserting he has always operated within ethical standards and is engaging with the administration to address concerns. This comes as former President Trump scrutinized Tan's past investments and leadership at other companies with alleged ties to Chinese entities."], ["20250807", "PowerBank Corporation has started installing its first battery energy storage system (BESS) in Ontario, a 4.99 MW project that signifies its entry into Canada's grid-scale storage market. The project, located in Cramahe, secured a 22-year contract with Ontario's IESO, offering higher-than-average capacity payments and qualifying for a clean technology tax credit. While this project is underway, a second Ontario project faces delays due to permitting and zoning issues, prompting PowerBank to notify IESO of a potential force majeure."], ["20250807", "NatWest Group plc has seen significant share growth, driven by net interest margin expansion, solid loan growth, cost control, and strategic moves like the Evelyn Partners acquisition. The bank is focusing on wealth management to boost fee-based income and reduce reliance on interest rates, aiming for high income and return on tangible equity figures in 2025. While facing risks from potential windfall taxes and interest rate cuts, NatWest's strong capital, attractive valuation, and ongoing privatization efforts present a compelling case for long-term investors attentive to execution and policy developments."], ["20250807", "Live Nation is aggressively lobbying the Trump administration to undermine the Justice Department's antitrust lawsuit against it, which seeks to break up its Ticketmaster merger. The company is using tactics like hiring Trump-aligned consultants, appointing loyalists to its board, making significant donations, and promoting large-scale venue investments to curry favor. This strategy is drawing criticism from consumer advocates, industry groups, and attorneys general who widely support the breakup of Live Nation's alleged monopoly."], ["20250807", "U.S. toy companies like Mattel, Hasbro, and Jakks Pacific are experiencing a slowdown in sales and profits due to tariffs and retailer delays. These companies are responding by raising prices, diversifying supply chains, and exploring onshore production to mitigate costs and trade uncertainties. Despite these challenges, they anticipate a rebound in sales closer to the holiday season."], ["20250807", "A legal dispute between D.R. Horton and Rockwall County over infrastructure costs could significantly impact how the financial burden of new development is shared. The outcome of this case might establish a precedent for funding essential services like roads, schools, and public safety in rapidly developing areas."], ["20250807", "Donald Trump's White House plans to construct a 90,000-sq-ft standalone ballroom capable of hosting 650 people, replacing the existing 200-capacity venue. The $200m project, financed by Trump and unnamed donors, will be led by Clark Construction with McCrery Architects as lead architect and Aecom as lead engineer. Completion is expected before the end of Trump\u2019s second term in January 2029, with modernization also planned for the White House\u2019s East Wing."], ["20250807", "Golden Entertainment, parent company of The STRAT, reported lower Q2 revenues and earnings, with occupancy at the iconic Las Vegas tower resort dropping to 60% in June. While Laughlin properties performed well, The STRAT struggled, especially during weekdays, leading to cost-cutting measures. Executives anticipate an economic improvement by Q4 and a strong 2026, driven by events like the ConAg convention and potential tax cuts for customers."], ["20250807", "Toyota Motor Corp. has significantly lowered its annual operating income forecast, anticipating a $9.5-billion impact from U.S. tariffs. This figure dwarfs estimates from other major automakers and reflects the broader challenges facing the global auto industry due to new U.S. trade policies. Despite the tariff turmoil, Toyota achieved record global sales in the first half of 2025, driven by strong demand for hybrid vehicles."], ["20250807", "The Investment Committee presented their top stock picks to watch for the second half of the year, focusing on Flex LNG, Palo Alto Networks, and Apple. The article includes a short video clip featuring these \"Final Trades\" discussed during the Halftime Report."], ["20250807", "GCI Liberty reported strong financial results for the second quarter of 2025, driven by a 6% increase in revenue and a 26% rise in Adjusted OIBDA. The company saw significant growth in its business segment, particularly from healthcare and education upgrades, while its consumer segment experienced a slight decline due to data subscriber losses related to the Affordable Connectivity Program discontinuation. GCI Liberty also highlighted the completion of its spin-off from Liberty Broadband and the Supreme Court's ruling upholding the Universal Service Fund, which supports its efforts to bridge the digital divide in rural Alaska."], ["20250807", "Community West Bank secured a $1.97 million Affordable Housing Program grant through a partnership with the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco to support Self-Help Enterprises' Rancho Colegio affordable rental community in Visalia. The project will add 80 multifamily units, including 20 for farmworker housing, addressing the critical need for affordable housing in the Central Valley region. This initiative highlights Community West Bank's commitment to community investment and Self-Help Enterprises' efforts to provide accessible housing for low-income families."], ["20250807", "Former President Donald Trump has demanded the immediate resignation of Intel CEO Lip-Bu Tan, citing his alleged ties to China and calling him \"highly conflicted.\" This demand comes amid Trump's broader pressure on the semiconductor industry, including a threat of a 100% tariff on imported chips, and follows concerns raised by Sen. Tom Cotton regarding Tan's investments in Chinese companies with links to the People's Liberation Army. Intel's stock dropped over 2% following the news, further complicating the company's efforts to catch up with competitors in the AI race."], ["20250807", "Imperial Oil's CEO, John Whelan, expressed optimism regarding discussions with the federal government about supporting industry projects, following the passing of Bill C-5 which aims to speed up permitting for nation-building initiatives. The company reported a net income of $949 million in its second quarter, down from $1.13 billion last year, but highlighted the completion of Canada's largest renewable diesel facility at its Strathcona refinery and strong upstream production. Whelan also noted that the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion boosted petroleum product sales."], ["20250807", "NOV Inc. CEO Clay Williams and CFO Rodney Reed discussed the challenges faced by the company due to softer natural gas and oil sales and the impact of Trump administration tariffs. Macroeconomic uncertainty, OPEC-plus quota unwinding, and Middle East conflict have made customers cautious, leading to a decline in the U.S. oil-directed rig count. Tariffs on steel are significantly impacting expenses, with the company expecting costs to rise, although offshore activity and LNG investments offer a compelling opportunity landscape for 2026."], ["20250807", "Sempra reported second-quarter 2025 GAAP earnings of $461 million ($0.71 per diluted share) and adjusted earnings of $583 million ($0.89 per diluted share). The company affirmed its full-year 2025 adjusted EPS guidance range of $4.30 to $4.70 and full-year 2026 EPS guidance range of $4.80 to $5.30, highlighting progress on value creation initiatives and infrastructure projects in California, Texas, and Mexico."], ["20250807", "H&R Block, Inc. (NYSE: HRB) announced new senior leadership appointments, including Jason Lenhart as Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, and Monika Mehrotra as Senior Vice President, Operations & Technology. These leaders are expected to accelerate the company\u2019s transformation and innovation. Additionally, the company highlighted other key leadership additions across customer care, assisted tax products, real estate, investor relations, and corporate communications."], ["20250807", "Donald Trump has demanded the resignation of Intel CEO Lip-Bu Tan, causing Intel's stock to drop over 3%. The move follows Senator Tom Cotton's scrutiny of Tan's investments in Chinese tech firms and potential national security implications. This incident highlights concerns about corporate leadership influences and the role of U.S. taxpayer dollars in supporting Intel under the CHIPS and Science Act."], ["20250807", "Imperial Oil Ltd.'s CEO, John Whelan, expressed optimism regarding ongoing discussions with the federal government about supporting major industry projects, following the passing of Bill C-5 (Building Canada Act). This positive outlook comes as the company reported its second-quarter results, showing a decrease in net income and total revenue compared to the previous year, despite increased petroleum product sales and upstream production. Imperial also highlighted the completion and start of production at its renewable diesel facility, the largest of its kind in Canada."], ["20250806", "Jim Cramer expressed surprise at Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. (NYSE:NCLH)'s performance, declaring it \"really the best\" among cruise lines, despite earlier bearish sentiment and a year-to-date share loss. The company's stock jumped 9% after it reiterated its 2025 EPS forecast of $2.05, surpassing analyst estimates. Cramer's comments highlight a significant turnaround perception for NCLH."], ["20250806", "ECOLAB INC (ECL) recently disclosed $430,000 in lobbying expenditures for Q2 2025, covering issues such as environmental policies, energy efficiency, tax credits, supply chain challenges, and biopharmaceutical manufacturing. The article also details recent congressional and insider trading activity for ECL stock, as well as institutional investor movements, analyst ratings, and price targets, with a median target of $300.0 from 11 analysts."], ["20250806", "Maria Bautista, an Ocala, Florida woman, has been convicted on 13 counts of personal identification fraud related to Las Vegas Sands Corp's failed 2021 ballot campaign to legalize casino gaming in Florida. Bautista submitted 191 fraudulent petitions, 16 of which contained fake signatures, two from deceased individuals, impacting the \"Florida Voters in Charge\" PAC's effort. She faces at least three years in prison for her involvement in the scheme that aimed to expand casino gaming in North Florida."], ["20250806", "Ingredion Inc. in Cedar Rapids is undertaking a $50 million expansion to increase its industrial cornstarch production, utilizing corn sourced entirely from Iowa. This expansion aims to meet the growing demand for plant-derived, starch-based packaging materials that are biodegradable and free of harmful chemicals. The initiative supports Amazon's efforts to reduce packaging waste and promotes sustainable alternatives to plastic and petroleum-based materials."], ["20250806", "Private prison company GEO Group is experiencing \"unprecedented growth opportunities\" thanks to the Trump administration's expanding detention and deportation policies. The company reported increased revenues in the second quarter of 2025 and has secured lucrative contracts for new and reopened immigration detention facilities, alongside transportation and electronic monitoring services. Executives, including George Zoley who has significant Republican donations, expressed optimism, despite accusations of inhumane conditions at their facilities."], ["20250806", "Cummins Inc. reported second-quarter earnings and revenue that surpassed Wall Street expectations, largely driven by strong demand for its power generation systems. Despite these strong results, the company did not reinstate its full-year financial guidance, citing \"continued economic uncertainty\" and a projected sharp decline in the North American truck market due to tariffs, regulation, and a cautious freight outlook. Company officials highlighted the benefit of Cummins' diversified, global business in navigating these challenges, as growth in power systems and distribution offset declines in the engine and components segments."], ["20250806", "GlobalFoundries (GF) announced a deeper collaboration with Apple to advance semiconductor technologies and strengthen U.S. manufacturing. This partnership will accelerate GF's investments at its Malta, New York facility, emphasizing a shared commitment to U.S.-based innovation and production of power-efficient, AI-enabling technologies for mobile computing and intelligent devices. The agreement reinforces the long-standing partnership between GF and Apple, supporting the growth of U.S. semiconductor manufacturing."], ["20250806", "A class-action lawsuit was filed by eight pre-trial detainees in Santa Rita, California, who were forced to work for Aramark without pay, despite not being convicted of any crime. They sought minimum wage and overtime, but their case was rejected by the California Supreme Court which ruled that state law covering prisoner labor did not apply to unconvicted detainees. This legal loophole allows Alameda County and Aramark to profit from their unpaid labor, while convicted prisoners performing similar work receive $2 a day."], ["20250806", "Nikki Haley criticized former President Donald Trump's approach to tariffs, questioning why India faces penalties for purchasing Russian oil while China, an adversary, received a 90-day tariff pause. India's Ministry of External Affairs defended its actions, highlighting that other nations, including the U.S., also trade with Russia. This situation exposes inconsistencies in Trump's foreign policy and could negatively impact bilateral trade and Indo-Pacific cooperation."], ["20250805", "Super Micro Computer Inc. reported disappointing fourth-quarter earnings and revenue, missing analyst estimates and causing its stock to drop over 16%. The company's profit declined partly due to tariffs and it also fell short on adjusted gross margin, citing a lack of working capital. While Supermicro provided strong fiscal 2026 revenue guidance, it faces challenges from increasing commoditization in the AI server market and has experienced market share losses to competitors like Dell and HP due to competitive pricing."], ["20250805", "The ShotSpotter gunshot detection system has been inoperative in several Puerto Rican municipalities since July 15 due to an expired contract. Bureaucratic delays in renewing the contract or signing a provisional agreement are cited as the reason, leading to slower response times for incidents like a recent shooting that left three dead. The Department of Public Safety (DSP) is in the process of seeking fund approval and an RFP for the service."], ["20250805", "Navitas Semiconductor stock (NVTS) fell over 20% after reporting disappointing Q2 earnings. The article argues against buying NVTS shares due to its stretched valuation (P/S ratio of over 18), potential negative impacts from new semiconductor tariffs proposed by Donald Trump, and significant insider selling over the past three months. Analysts also see limited upside, with a consensus target indicating a further 5% decline."], ["20250805", "Nvidia's stock declined by almost 1% due to concerns over potential new tariffs on semiconductor imports, impacting the broader chip sector. Despite this dip, institutional investors like Cathie Wood's ARK ETFs showed continued confidence by purchasing additional Nvidia shares. Analysts at Bank of America maintained a positive outlook with a $220 price target, citing strong demand for Nvidia's AI infrastructure products."], ["20250805", "The article discusses how deregulation is emerging as a significant economic stimulus in 2025, with The Free Markets ETF (FMKT) positioned to benefit. Co-portfolio manager Michael Gayed highlights deregulation's potential to boost profitability, unlock capital, and accelerate innovation across various sectors, even if it doesn't always grab headlines like inflation or interest rates. FMKT utilizes an AI-powered screening model to identify companies that will gain from reduced compliance burdens, viewing deregulation as a \"hidden tax refund\" and a structural, not just tactical, shift."], ["20250805", "Cummins Inc. exceeded second-quarter revenue estimates, driven by robust demand for its power generation systems, particularly for AI-driven data centers. Despite this, the company faces uncertainty regarding tariffs, which are contributing to a projected sharp decline in North America truck demand and an unwillingness to reinstate its full-year guidance. Cummins aims to offset tariff impacts and expects to be near price-cost neutral by the fourth quarter."], ["20250805", "Equity Residential reported stable Q2 2025 earnings despite leadership changes and job market uncertainties in its core markets. The multifamily REIT saw increased funds from operations and same-store revenue, driven by strong demand in urban centers like New York and San Francisco. The company also announced executive transitions and a significant acquisition in suburban Atlanta, while engaging with New York mayoral frontrunner Zohran Mamdani on housing initiatives."], ["20250805", "A proposed electricity rate hike by Con Edison in New York City is facing significant backlash from residents worried about affordability. Critics argue that these rising costs could undermine the state's climate goals by making it difficult for residents, especially those dependent on electricity for essential medical equipment, to afford necessary power, thereby slowing the transition to a greener economy. The utility maintains that the rate increases are essential for fortifying the power grid against extreme weather."], ["20250805", "Healthpeak Properties (NYSE: DOC) has updated the federal income tax considerations section in its prospectus through an SEC filing, replacing previous information from February 5, 2025. This update is part of a post-effective amendment to its registration statement. The healthcare REIT recently reported mixed Q2 2025 earnings, with EPS missing forecasts but revenue slightly exceeding them, leading to analyst downgrades due to weak leasing performance and credit risk concerns."], ["20250805", "Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla stated that major pharmaceutical companies are willing to collaborate with the Trump administration to expand direct-to-consumer (DTC) options for drugs, aiming to lower costs for consumers. This comes amid Presidential demands for drugmakers to reduce prices and address potential tariffs on pharmaceutical imports. Pfizer expects to absorb the impact of these changes while still meeting its financial forecasts."], ["20250804", "Frank Cassidy has been nominated as the Commissioner of the Federal Housing Administration (FHA), bringing extensive experience in real estate finance. Joseph M. Gormley is nominated for the President position at Ginnie Mae, where he has already served as EVP and COO. Both nominations are strongly supported by the Mortgage Bankers Association and other industry groups, who anticipate their leadership will drive modernization and stability in the housing finance system."], ["20250804", "A new U.S. 50% tariff on certain copper goods initially caused high volatility and plummeting copper prices, as President Trump announced it would only apply to semi-finished products, surprising the market. However, experts anticipate the supply chain will eventually normalize and prices will return to parity. Despite short-term market disruption and price drops, analysts maintain a bullish outlook on copper due to fundamental supply deficits and increasing demand."], ["20250804", "Clark Construction and AECOM have been selected to lead a $200 million project to expand the White House with a new 90,000-square-foot state ballroom. The ballroom, designed by McCrery Architects, will match the existing White House's architectural style and will increase the seating capacity for state events. Funding for the project will come from President Donald Trump and other private donors, with construction expected to start in September and be completed before the end of his term."], ["20250804", "NRG Energy Inc. received a $216 million, low-interest loan from the state-run Texas Energy Fund to finance 60% of the costs for a new natural-gas fired power plant in Houston. The 20-year loan has a 3% interest rate, and the plant is expected to begin operations next year. This development was announced by Governor Greg Abbott's office."], ["20250804", "Eastman Chemical Co. will delay the construction of its $1.2 billion molecular recycling facility near Longview, Texas, for two years due to the loss of a $375 million federal grant. The U.S. Department of Energy canceled the grant in May as part of cost-cutting measures. Eastman plans to appeal the decision, though the process is expected to be lengthy and challenging."], ["20250804", "Eastman Chemical Co. is delaying the construction of a $1.2 billion molecular recycling facility near Longview, Texas for two years due to the loss of a $375 million federal grant from the U.S. Department of Energy. The company plans to appeal the funding cancellation, which was part of federal cost-cutting measures. Local officials expressed sadness over the delay, emphasizing the project's potential for job creation, economic growth, and environmental benefits through plastic waste recycling."], ["20250803", "DaVita (DVA) is set to report its earnings tomorrow after market hours. Analysts expect the dialysis provider's revenue to grow by 5.3% year-on-year to $3.36 billion, with adjusted earnings projected at $2.75 per share. The company has a history of exceeding revenue estimates, and recent peer performance shows mixed results within the healthcare sector."], ["20250803", "This article summarizes a bullish thesis on Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) by Gregg Jahnke, highlighting the company's strong capital expenditure plans, repositioning in the aluminum industry, and clean balance sheet. The investment is driven by macroeconomic expectations, potential pro-growth industrial policies, and the undervaluation of STLD's strategic positioning by Wall Street. Despite recent underperformance, the long-term case for STLD in rebuilding U.S. manufacturing is viewed as strong."], ["20250802", "This article provides an overview of Rivian Automotive, Inc. (RIVN) Class A Common Stock, focusing on institutional ownership, insider trading activity, and corporate lobbying efforts. It details recent RIVN trades by members of the U.S. Congress and outlines the company's significant lobbying expenditures on issues like the automotive industry, manufacturing, and taxation. The content also touches upon Rivian's company profile, including its vehicle offerings, market capitalization, and employee count."], ["20250801", "BetRivers has raised its minimum wager to $1 in Illinois, responding to the state's recent tax hike which imposes a fee per mobile bet. This decision, announced during Rush Street Interactive's (RSI) Q2 2025 earnings call, follows similar moves by other major sports betting operators like FanDuel, DraftKings, and BetMGM, who have introduced surcharges or increased minimum bets to offset the new tax structure. Despite the tax challenges, RSI reported strong Q2 results, with revenue up 22% year-over-year and net income at $28.8 million, leading to a significant jump in its stock price."], ["20250801", "Imperial Oil's CEO, John Whelan, expressed encouragement regarding discussions with the federal government about supporting industry projects, despite the company reporting a fall in second-quarter profit. While net income decreased to $949 million from $1.13 billion a year earlier, Imperial Oil completed construction of Canada's largest renewable diesel facility and saw increased petroleum product sales due to the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion. The company also reached its highest second-quarter upstream production in over 30 years."], ["20250801", "Southern California Edison plans to launch a Wildfire Recovery Compensation Program this fall to assist victims of the Eaton Fire, despite investigations into the fire's cause remaining incomplete. The utility expects to be reimbursed for these payments through California's public wildfire insurance program, a fund whose stability is currently under legislative debate. SCE's CEO, Pedro Pizarro, defended the fund as being beneficial for both the community's recovery and the company by potentially limiting legal costs, even as an analyst expressed concerns about the long-term viability of the state's wildfire fund and the incentives for utility investors in California."], ["20250801", "This article by J.P. Morgan explores how firm size affects exposure to trade tensions, concluding that smaller businesses are more vulnerable due to limited trading partners, greater reliance on China, and difficulty passing costs to consumers. The author, Vinny Amaru, suggests that these factors contribute to slower economic growth, while large-cap equities are better positioned to weather ongoing trade challenges. The article recommends favoring U.S. large-cap equities over smaller-cap U.S. stocks in the near term."], ["20250801", "Algoma Steel Inc., one of Canada's largest steel producers, is actively lobbying the federal government on various trade issues, industry competitiveness, and support measures for the steel sector. The company's efforts include discussions on international steel trade, potential new policies impacting Canada\u2019s trade framework, and tariffs. Several consultants from Rubicon Strategy are representing Algoma Steel in these lobbying activities."], ["20250801", "WW Grainger (GWW) reduziu sua previs\u00e3o de lucro anual e n\u00e3o atingiu as estimativas de lucro do segundo trimestre, atribuindo os problemas a obst\u00e1culos tarif\u00e1rios impostos pelo presidente dos EUA, Donald Trump. As tarifas aumentaram os custos de ferramentas e suprimentos industriais importados, impactando as margens de lucro da empresa. As a\u00e7\u00f5es da WW Grainger ca\u00edram 11% nas negocia\u00e7\u00f5es de pr\u00e9-mercado ap\u00f3s o an\u00fancio."], ["20250801", "Procter & Gamble announced plans to raise prices on approximately a quarter of its products across dozens of brands, citing an estimated $1 billion hit to profits from tariffs by the end of the 2026 fiscal year. CEO Jon Moeller stated that these mid-single-digit price increases will begin in August to offset these losses. This move follows similar announcements from other major companies like Nike, Walmart, and Best Buy, driven by the impact of tariffs."], ["20250829", "The U.S. Department of Transportation, under Secretary Sean P. Duffy, is withdrawing $679 million in funding from 12 offshore wind projects, deeming them \"doomed.\" This decision aligns with President Donald Trump's policy to redirect resources towards shipbuilding and traditional energy development, which he considers vital for America's maritime industry. The move impacts various ETFs and companies involved in wind energy, while the broader market also dipped due to higher-than-expected inflation data."], ["20250829", "Bruce Meyer, editor of Rubber News, pens an opinion piece titled \"Tales from the road: How Flubber flubbed up.\" The article discusses how Hasbro's Flubber product encountered problems. While the article is short lacking full details, its headline suggests it delves into the manufacturing or market failures of the product."], ["20250829", "Caterpillar Inc. has revised its estimate for the impact of tariffs on its business, now expecting a hit of up to $1.8 billion this year, an increase from its earlier guidance. The company attributes this increased impact primarily to section 232 tariffs on steel and aluminum. Despite the higher tariff impact, Caterpillar does not foresee a change in its sales and revenue outlook."], ["20250828", "In July, both China's imports and exports of copper pipe & tube declined year-on-year and month-on-month, influenced by the industry's off-season and uncertainties regarding US tariffs. The US government imposed a 50% tariff on imported semi-finished copper products and high-copper-content derivatives starting August 1, prompting a projected further decrease in direct Chinese exports to the US in August. Despite a general reduction in exports due to existing anti-dumping measures and Chinese companies establishing US factories, some industrial alloy tubes continued to be exported under heavy tariffs."], ["20250828", "L3Harris Technologies has expanded its Waco, Texas facility to serve as the central production site for the OA-1K Skyraider II aircraft for the US Air Force and allied countries. The new hangar is equipped with advanced manufacturing technology to facilitate production, testing, and upgrades, with initial aircraft deliveries scheduled for autumn 2025. The Skyraider II is a cost-efficient crewed aircraft designed for precision strikes, close air support, and armed intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance missions."], ["20250826", "The biopharma industry in Massachusetts has experienced job losses and a significant decline in funding, reaching its lowest level since 2017, according to a report by MassBio. Research and development jobs dropped by 1,100 in 2024, with further declines expected in 2025 due to layoffs. The industry faces challenges from proposed federal funding cuts, economic uncertainty, and stalled IPOs and mergers, making investors more cautious."], ["20250822", "President Trump announced that Intel will grant the U.S. government a 10% stake, following a meeting with Intel CEO Lip-Bu Tan. This deal, valued at $8.9 billion, is partially funded by existing CHIPS and Science Act grants and aims to advance national priorities and the domestic semiconductor industry. The move highlights the Trump administration's increasing efforts to influence U.S. businesses."], ["20250820", "Florida Power & Light Company (FPL) and ten stakeholder groups have filed a four-year rate settlement agreement with state regulators, significantly reducing FPL's original revenue request by approximately 30%. This agreement aims to keep residential customer bills below the national average, limiting average annual increases to 2% and ensuring continued investments in grid infrastructure and new generation. The settlement also maintains essential consumer protections and regulatory oversight while providing additional funding for struggling customers."], ["20250819", "Florida Governor Ron DeSantis announced a lawsuit against McGraw Hill and Savvas Learning Company, accusing the textbook publishers of overcharging school districts by millions of dollars. The lawsuit claims the companies violated agreements to offer materials at prices matching reductions elsewhere, leading to over 5,900 instances of alleged price gouging. Attorney General James Uthmeier stated that civil penalties could range from $37.5 million to $60.5 million for the two publishers."], ["20250819", "Florida has filed a lawsuit against textbook publishers McGraw Hill and Savvas Learning Co., alleging they systematically overcharged schools for instructional materials, including over $279,000 billed to Osceola County schools. The lawsuit, joining a 2022 whistleblower complaint, claims the companies failed to reduce textbook prices as required by state law by offering free or reduced-priced materials to some districts while charging others full price. State officials seek to recoup funds and civil penalties that could total up to $60.5 million, with Governor Ron DeSantis and Attorney General James Uthmeier emphasizing that Florida will not tolerate deceitful practices that harm students and taxpayers."], ["20250818", "This article argues that Michigan's energy policy is failing compared to Ohio's, leading to higher electricity costs and more outages for Michigan residents. The author urges Michigan's Public Service Commission to learn from Ohio's recent energy reforms, which aim to boost energy generation, reduce taxes on inventory for energy companies, strengthen consumer transparency, and cut regulations. The piece concludes that adopting Ohio's approach could help Michigan attract talent, jobs, and investment."], ["20250818", "Solar stocks, led by First Solar, rallied after the U.S. Treasury and IRS issued new tax credit guidance that changed how clean-energy projects qualify for subsidies, specifically by eliminating the \"5% safe harbor\" rule for large-scale projects. This policy clarity benefits both individual solar companies and several clean energy ETFs like TAN, ICLN, and QCLN, offering diversified investment opportunities in the renewable energy sector. ETFs are highlighted as a tactical investment option to mitigate single-stock volatility and policy-specific risks."], ["20250817", "South Korea's nuclear power generation is significantly outpacing official targets due to fewer maintenance outages, a new plant, and reactors running efficiently, leading to reduced generation costs and a sharp decline in coal usage. Nuclear power's share in the energy mix increased to 31.7% in 2024 from 25.9% in 2019, while coal's share dropped to 28.1% from 40.4%. This shift has also been influenced by transmission constraints that favor nuclear over coal and declining industrial power demand."], ["20250817", "President Lee Jae Myung has indicated that electricity prices in Korea will inevitably rise if the country is to achieve its greenhouse gas reduction targets, necessitating significant investment in renewable energy infrastructure. This comes as Korea aims to increase renewable energy's share in its power mix to 29.2% by 2038, a goal that requires massive financial outlays. The financial burden on Korea Electric Power Corporation (Kepco) and the potential for public backlash and inflation make this a sensitive issue, especially given past attempts to raise only industrial rates."], ["20250815", "The Texas Supreme Court recently reversed a nearly $100 million judgment against Werner Enterprises in a 2014 crash case, ruling that the trucking company was not liable for an accident initiated by another vehicle. This landmark decision could be a catalyst for tort reform in the trucking industry, offering a roadmap for other carriers to challenge \"jackpot justice\" lawsuits by focusing on causation and potentially collaborating with competitors on policy reform. While the ruling directly impacts Texas, its strategic implications for arguing negligence cases and the importance of investing in technology like dash cameras provide valuable lessons for trucking companies nationwide."], ["20250815", "A Luzerne County Councilman, Harry Haas, has prepared a resolution urging PPL to abandon its plans for a new 12-mile-long 500 kV transmission line through the Sugarloaf Valley and instead consider less disruptive alternatives. The proposed line, part of PPL's $6.8 billion grid expansion, would impact residential areas that were once rural farmland, raising concerns about homes, families, and the environment. Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro has indicated that he will speak with PPL to ensure they work with the community to address these concerns while acknowledging the need for new transmission lines."], ["20250815", "Wells Fargo suggests buying shares of Tapestry, the parent company of Coach, despite a recent sell-off due to tariff warnings. The bank reiterated an overweight rating and raised its price target to $120, citing strong near-term top-line growth and a potential share buyback opportunity. Other analysts, including Barclays and Morgan Stanley, also view the dip as a buying opportunity given the stock's strong performance in 2025."], ["20250813", "A report by the Energy and Policy Institute revealed that Georgia Public Service Commission incumbents Fitz Johnson and Tim Echols received a majority of their campaign funding from entities regulated by the PSC. This raises conflict-of-interest concerns, as the PSC oversees utility rates and operations, and has approved multiple rate increases for Georgia Power. The funding patterns are part of a broader trend in the Southeast where monopoly utilities use political spending to influence regulations and maintain high profit margins."], ["20250812", "PLDT Inc. is preparing for a legal challenge against the Konektadong Pinoy bill if President Ferdinand Marcos Jr. signs it into law, citing concerns about constitutionality, national security, and regulatory imbalance. The bill, which removes legislative franchise requirements for new data transmission players, has also faced criticism from other telcos, while the DICT defends it. PLDT and Globe Telecom are urging the President to veto or further refine the bill."], ["20250811", "Blue Bird Corporation has delivered 25 electric school buses to the Little Rock School District (LRSD) in Arkansas, marking a significant step towards cleaner student transportation. LRSD, the state's third-largest school district, received a $9,875,000 grant through the U.S. EPA\u2019s Clean School Bus Program to fund this purchase. These new buses, capable of traveling up to 130 miles on a single charge and fully recharging in two hours, are expected to reduce operating expenses and contribute to a healthier environment for students and the community."], ["20250811", "Citigroup and UBS Global Research have raised their S&P 500 year-end targets, citing receding policy risks and strong corporate earnings. Citi increased its target to 6,600 from 6,300, while UBS lifted its target to 6,100 from 5,500. These adjustments follow similar upgrades from other major brokerages and reflect renewed investor confidence in the market, particularly driven by Big Tech earnings and expected tax benefits."], ["20250811", "H&R Block, Inc. announced a leadership succession plan where CEO Jeffrey J. Jones II will retire on December 31, 2025, and be succeeded by Curtis Campbell, currently President of Global Consumer Tax and Chief Product Officer, starting January 1, 2026. Jones will remain on the Board until his retirement and serve as a Strategic Advisor through September 2026. Campbell's appointment follows a comprehensive succession planning process and was unanimously supported by the Board, recognizing his extensive tax industry expertise and recent success at TaxAct."], ["20250810", "The Albemarle City Council has approved a resolution for the city's Public Works Department to take over bulk solid waste and recycling collection in 2026, transitioning from a contracted service with Waste Management Inc. This move builds on previous in-house collection efforts and aims to improve service delivery following resident complaints. The city plans to purchase new equipment, hire staff, and issue an RFP for private contractors for cart collection."], ["20250807", "The U.S. plans to implement a 100% tariff on certain chip imports to boost domestic semiconductor production, as announced by President Donald Trump. Key exemptions will be granted to TSMC, Samsung, and European chipmakers, particularly those producing or collaborating on manufacturing within the U.S. or Europe. Apple CEO Tim Cook also announced a significant $100 billion investment aimed at domestic manufacturing collaborations."], ["20250807", "The article discusses the growing role of crypto ETFs in long-term investing, especially after former President Trump's efforts to broaden their availability in retirement plans. While self-directed brokerage options in 401(k)s and IRAs already allow crypto investment, the increasing number of crypto ETFs presents both opportunities and risks, particularly with leveraged funds. The piece emphasizes the importance of understanding different ETF types to align with long-term investment goals versus intraday trading strategies."], ["20250807", "This article details the top-performing leveraged and inverse ETFs for the week of August 3, 2025. It highlights ten ETFs with significant weekly returns, such as JETD gaining 18.87% and FLYD with 17.86%, often driven by market volatility, economic uncertainties, and new tariff announcements. The article attributes these movements to various factors including reduced travel demand, weaker economic data, and concerns over global growth due to trade policies."], ["20250806", "Two major U.S. chemical companies, LyondellBasell and Eastman, have announced delays in significant investments in chemical recycling plants. LyondellBasell is deferring a decision for a second plant in Houston due to a challenging demand environment, while Eastman is delaying its second U.S. methanolysis plant for two years amid an appeal to revoke a federal grant and broader economic slowdown. Both companies indicate a continued commitment to recycling but are adjusting plans based on current market conditions and capital investment climates."], ["20250805", "Seventeen environmental and public health organizations sent a letter to North American truck and engine manufacturers, urging them to honor their commitment to the Clean Truck Partnership (CTP) despite recent congressional actions revoking CARB regulations. Separately, the FMCSA has extended a hours-of-service waiver for truck drivers assisting with wildfire relief in Oregon until August 30. Additionally, 12 semi-finalists were announced for the 2025 \"Transition Trucking: Driving for Excellence\" award, honoring military veterans entering the transportation industry."], ["20250805", "The Department of Defense has awarded $10 million to Elk Creek Resources Corporation (ECRC), a subsidiary of NioCorp Developments Ltd., to develop a domestic mine-to-master alloy scandium supply chain. This investment, made via Title III of the Defense Production Act, aims to reduce U.S. reliance on foreign sources for critical minerals like scandium, which is crucial for advanced aerospace and defense systems. ECRC's Elk Creek Critical Minerals Project seeks to become the first U.S. producer of scandium, niobium, and titanium, supporting the U.S. defense industrial base."], ["20250805", "Delaware residents, particularly homeowners in New Castle County, are facing significantly higher tax bills following property reassessments conducted by Tyler Technologies. This has led to frustration as some major companies have seen their tax bills decrease. State lawmakers are currently exploring several legislative proposals and a special session to provide relief to constituents and address concerns about the reassessment methodology, particularly regarding the disparities between residential and commercial property valuations."], ["20250805", "DuPont, Chemours, and Corteva have agreed to a $2 billion settlement with New Jersey over environmental claims related to \"forever chemicals\" (PFAS). The settlement includes $875 million for contaminant remediation over 25 years and a $1.2 billion remediation fund, with costs split among the companies and still requiring court approval. This agreement addresses contamination at four specific sites in New Jersey and also establishes a $475 million reserve fund for potential future issues."], ["20250804", "Indonesia is strategically leveraging its vast copper reserves to assert economic sovereignty and climb the value chain, rather than merely exporting raw materials. This approach involves prohibiting the export of raw mineral ores, requiring domestic refining, and carefully managing foreign involvement to avoid the dominance seen in its nickel sector. By doing so, Indonesia aims to position itself as a key player in the global mineral landscape, balancing strategic control with commercial viability while navigating complex international relations."], ["20250804", "Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer has replaced clean energy advocate Alessandra Carreon on the state's public services commission with Shaquila Myers, who environmental groups criticize as an \"industry ally.\" Critics allege this move was influenced by DTE Energy due to Carreon's stance on clean energy and rate increases. This decision raises concerns about slowing Michigan's clean energy transition and potentially leading to higher energy bills, intensifying scrutiny on Whitmer's environmental record."], ["20250802", "Ontario Premier Doug Ford has criticized The Campbell's Company for printing Canadian flags on its soup cans and using \"recipe made in Canada\" claims, despite closing its Canadian production plants in 2018. Ford views this as an attempt to deceive consumers into believing they are buying Canadian products, especially amidst ongoing tariff disputes with the U.S. He urged Canadians to buy local whenever possible and expressed a strong stance against trade war tactics."], ["20250801", "Summit County and Xcel Energy have reached a settlement regarding the $155-million Mountain Energy Project, which aims to reduce natural gas use and emissions in several Colorado counties. This agreement, awaiting approval from the Colorado Public Utility Commission, seeks to prevent the full cost from being borne solely by Eastern Mountain Gas System customers. The settlement includes provisions for non-pipeline alternatives, reduced liquefied natural gas tanks, and an electric heating rate pilot program to align with local sustainability goals."], ["20250901", "India is rapidly advancing its semiconductor industry, moving from vision to reality in just four years since the 2021 launch of the India Semiconductor Mission (ISM). With a \u20b976,000 crore Production Linked Incentive (PLI) scheme and significant investments, the country aims to become a global hub for semiconductor innovation and manufacturing. The SEMICON India 2025 event, inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, will showcase India's progress, attracting global leaders and fostering collaborations to strengthen its position in the global semiconductor ecosystem."], ["20250829", "The article discusses the significant growth of Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) and the impact of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBB Act) on expanding HSA eligibility. It highlights new opportunities in exchange plan eligibility, direct primary care, and permanent telemedicine coverage, while also pointing out persistent eligibility gaps for millions of Americans like Medicare beneficiaries and military personnel. The author emphasizes the crucial role of employers in promoting HSAs through contributions and education, advocating for further reforms to maximize their potential as a financial security tool."], ["20250829", "Oil and gas companies are lobbying Prime Minister Mark Carney's government to dilute or roll back Trudeau-era climate policies, including regulations on clean fuels, carbon pricing, and emissions caps. These efforts come as Canada prepares to update its Emissions Reduction Plan, with firms citing competitiveness and U.S. tariffs as reasons for their demands. Environmental groups warn that weakening these policies could jeopardize Canada's net-zero by 2050 goal, especially as the country faces increasing climate change impacts."], ["20250829", "Athene Annuity, a top annuity seller, successfully won a cybersquatting case against a cryptocurrency company. A judge ruled that the crypto company used false contact information to mask its identity. Athene Annuity reported $9.5 billion in annuity sales during the first quarter."], ["20250828", "California plans to delay a cap on fuelmaker profits by five years, a significant win for the oil industry. This policy, signed by Governor Newsom in 2023, was intended to prevent gasoline price spikes for consumers. The delay postpones years of regulatory scrutiny on the state's oil and gas sector."], ["20250828", "The \"One Big Beautiful Bill Act\" (OBBBA) is significantly impacting the propane industry, particularly mergers and acquisitions (M&A). Key provisions like the restoration of 100 percent bonus depreciation and enhanced interest deductibility are making the sector more attractive to investors. These changes are expected to strengthen valuations and encourage consolidation within the industry."], ["20250828", "Canadian Industry Minister Melanie Joly stated that Canada is exploring more robust measures to combat foreign steel dumping. This comes as U.S. tariffs negatively impact the Canadian steel sector, leaving it susceptible to an influx of inexpensive overseas imports. Canada has already implemented 25% tariffs on Chinese steel and recently tightened tariff-rate quotas to limit imports from non-free-trade partners, alongside adding a 25% surtax on steel products containing Chinese-melted steel, except those from the U.S."], ["20250828", "Lotus, the sportscar manufacturer owned by Chinese group Geely, announced it would cut 550 jobs in the UK, representing 42% of its workforce. This restructuring is driven by market uncertainties, including Trump's trade tariffs, and aims to ensure the company's sustainable future. Despite the job cuts, Lotus reaffirmed its commitment to manufacturing vehicles in Hethel, Norfolk, with production set to resume in September after a pause due to inventory and supply chain issues."], ["20250828", "Jack in the Box is celebrating its 10th year of partnership with No Kid Hungry, having raised over $6 million since 2015 to combat childhood hunger. Throughout September, guests who donate $1 to No Kid Hungry will receive a coupon for a free small Curly Fry on their next visit. This initiative supports programs that provide nutritious meals to children and helps strengthen communities."], ["20250827", "The US government's strengthened support for domestic nuclear energy, including enrichment capacity expansion and streamlined reactor licensing, is redirecting capital flows towards North American uranium producers. This policy shift aims to enhance supply security and energy independence, creating structural advantages for companies like Energy Fuels, IsoEnergy, and Global Atomic. The article highlights market fragility due to underinvestment and geopolitical disruptions, further emphasizing the importance of secure and consistent uranium supply from stable jurisdictions."], ["20250827", "Jennifer Gorman, an MPP '26 candidate, spent her summer internship with American Honda Motor Co.'s Hydrogen Solutions Team, focusing on market research, regulatory analysis, and workforce planning for fuel cell technology. Her experience highlighted the importance of including implementers in policy design and showed how corporations proactively engage with policy trends rather than just reacting to regulations. Gorman advises peers to consider careers in the private sector to gain a comprehensive understanding of policy implementation and its impact."], ["20250827", "The article reports that the Trump administration is continuing to support the biofuels industry by boosting mandates, despite its attacks on other clean-energy sources. This stance provides a significant win for biofuel producers and farmers. The piece highlights this as a routine action by President Trump, showcasing a contrast in his energy policy approach."], ["20250826", "This article compares defense giants RTX and Lockheed Martin, analyzing their financial stability, growth drivers, risks, and stock performance. While RTX benefits from diversified commercial and defense segments, Lockheed Martin is highlighted for its stronger financial metrics, higher return on equity, and more attractive valuation despite some leverage concerns. The author ultimately recommends Lockheed Martin as the stronger player due to its focus on defense and favorable valuation."], ["20250825", "Governor Tina Kotek ceremonially signed four bills aimed at improving energy affordability and accountability in Oregon. These bills address preventing residential power shutoffs, increasing energy assistance, holding large industrial users like data centers accountable for electricity costs, and allowing performance-based regulation of utilities. The legislation seeks to alleviate the burden of rising energy costs on Oregonians, who have seen nearly a 50% increase in bills over the past five years, leading to a record number of disconnections."], ["20250825", "Vice President J.D. Vance suggests Russia has softened its stance on the Ukraine conflict, offering \"significant concessions\" to the U.S. He also indicated that sanctions on Russia are still a possibility, to be considered on a case-by-case basis. Talks between Russia and Ukraine, brokered by President Trump, have stalled due to disagreements on the agenda between Putin and Zelenskyy."], ["20250822", "NITI Aayog launched a report titled \u201cRethinking Homestays: Navigating Policy Pathways\u201d in collaboration with IAMAI, offering a strategic roadmap for homestays and BnBs in India's tourism industry. The report advocates for light-touch regulatory frameworks, emphasizing cultural authenticity, livelihood opportunities, and the integration of digital platforms. It highlights the importance of public-private partnerships and provides state-level case studies for scalable governance and development of the homestay sector."], ["20250822", "The Trump administration's EPA has granted exemptions to several oil refineries from biofuel-blending mandates, while deferring a decision on how other oil companies will manage the increased burden. The EPA approved full exemptions for 63 petitions and partial exemptions for 77, denying 28 requests and categorizing seven as ineligible. This action pertains to waiver requests from small refineries for blending quotas dating back to 2016."], ["20250822", "The Canadian Steel Producers Association is expressing dismay over the expanded list of U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum products, which now includes 407 additional items. President and CEO Catherine Cobden called the situation \"crushing\" and far greater in scope than anticipated, urging the Canadian federal government to intervene. The new tariffs, which apply to a wide range of goods from wind turbines to automotive parts and even cosmetics packaging, are causing frustration and layoffs for Canadian manufacturers and unraveling decades of integrated economies."], ["20250822", "The Trump administration has granted exemptions to 38 small oil refineries from biofuel-blending mandates, while delaying a decision on how larger oil companies will compensate for this. This move impacts the biofuel industry and farmers, who rely on the demand for their crops. The EPA's decision highlights the ongoing tension between the oil and agriculture sectors within the federal biofuel program."], ["20250822", "State lawmakers, including Sen. Lynda Schlegel Culver and Reps. Dane Watro and Jamie Walsh, are hosting a town hall on September 16th to discuss the controversial Sugarloaf PPL 500kV Transmission Line project. The event aims to inform residents about the 12-mile, high-voltage line, which has faced significant local opposition, and provide a forum for concerns, with PPL planning to invest $6.8 billion to expand transmission capacity. The project, expected to begin construction next year, involves expanding an existing right-of-way and installing poles up to 240 feet high to support increased demand, particularly from data centers."], ["20250822", "The U.S. Commerce Department has expanded steel tariffs to include hundreds of steel derivatives, a move expected to benefit domestic manufacturers, particularly in the Pittsburgh region. This expansion adds a 50% tariff to parts made with imported steel or aluminum, closing a loophole that manufacturers like Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. said was harming their business and national security. Cleveland-Cliffs CEO Lourenco Goncalves thanked President Trump and Commerce Secretary Lutnick, stating these protections would support continued investment in their Butler Works and other plants."], ["20250822", "The Invesco Washington Newsletter for Q3 2025 highlights key legislative and regulatory developments, including the passage of new crypto regulations (GENIUS Act and CLARITY Act) and increased congressional scrutiny of trade policy following \"Liberation Day.\" It also details the \"One Big Beautiful Bill Act\" (OBBBA), outlining significant individual and corporate tax modifications, and provides a global view of trade and political developments."], ["20250821", "A Lonoke County judge has approved a payment in lieu of taxes (PILOT) agreement for a $600 million solar project spanning Lonoke and Pulaski counties. This development, led by Invenergy, is expected to generate over $55 million for the two counties over 50 years. While construction is set to begin in 2026, the mayor of Keo is calling for a community benefits agreement to support local infrastructure and community projects."], ["20250820", "ING Belgium is under investigation by the Belgian public prosecutor's office as part of an ongoing probe into alleged money laundering by former European Union commissioner Didier Reynders, who denies the charge. The investigation focuses on an ING Belgium bank account of Reynders that reportedly had large sums of liquid cash deposited between 2008 and 2018. ING stated it could not provide details due to privacy and legal obligations but affirmed its commitment to fighting financial crime and cooperating with external stakeholders."], ["20250820", "The Zacks Building Products - Concrete & Aggregates industry is expected to perform stably in 2025, driven by strong infrastructure spending from acts like the IIJA and growing industrial demand from data centers and new energy projects. While residential construction faces headwinds, industry leaders like Vulcan Materials (VMC) and Martin Marietta (MLM) are leveraging disciplined pricing and cost management to maintain performance. The article highlights their growth potential, supported by public sector investment and strategic operational efficiencies, despite challenges such as fluctuating input prices and labor shortages."], ["20250819", "Cannabis ETFs are experiencing a rally due to news of the Trump administration's openness to reclassifying marijuana as a less dangerous drug (Schedule III). This reclassification would ease restrictions, facilitate tax deductions, and aid struggling cannabis companies facing significant debt. Several cannabis ETFs, including those from AdvisorShares and Amplify, offer diversified exposure to this evolving market."], ["20250819", "Port Washington officials have unanimously approved an $8 billion AI data center by Vantage Data Centers, despite significant resident concerns. Residents voiced worries about the project's massive energy and water consumption, the need for new transmission lines, potential environmental impacts on Lake Michigan, and the use of tax incremental financing. Vantage claims the project will utilize clean energy, fund new clean energy projects, and create thousands of construction jobs and 300 long-term positions, but skepticism remains among the community."], ["20250819", "A district court denied an injunction sought by business groups to block the enforcement of California Senate Bills 253 and 261, which mandate disclosure of greenhouse gas emissions and climate-related risks. The court found that the disclosure requirements are reasonably related to substantial government interests and that the business groups are unlikely to succeed on their First Amendment challenge. Consequently, companies subject to these laws should continue to prepare for their implementation, with SB 261's reporting deadline set for January 1, 2026, and SB 253's compliance later in 2026."], ["20250819", "A new analysis by Global Witness reveals that over 170,000 oil and gas wells in California, representing 70.6% of the state's total, are located in fire hazard zones, with more than half in areas of \"high\" or \"very high\" risk. These wells pose a significant threat to public health and safety, especially as climate change intensifies wildfires in California. Companies like California Resources Corporation and Chevron operate a majority of these wells, many of which remain unplugged, further exacerbating the risk to over 1.6 million people living nearby."], ["20250819", "The Cochin Bench of the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal (ITAT) has ruled in favor of Asianet Satellite Communications Ltd., allowing the deduction of interest paid on delayed statutory payments as a business expenditure. The ITAT determined that such interest, including for TDS, service tax, and entertainment tax, is compensatory rather than a penalty, citing Supreme Court and Kerala High Court precedents. This decision overturned previous disallowances by the Assessing Officer and the Commissioner of Income Tax (Appeals)."], ["20250819", "Consumers Energy has announced a $2 million program to help customers in need with past-due summer bills, partnering with The Heat and Warmth Fund (THAW) and The Salvation Army. This follows a previous $5 million contribution for winter bills. Eligibility is based on household income and whether customers are in a past-due or shut-off situation."], ["20250819", "Workers at Blue Bird Corp. in Fort Valley, Ga., members of USW Local 697, have secured a union contract that includes significant wage increases, expanded benefits, and improved job security. This achievement came after a historic organizing victory in 2023 and has transformed the lives of over 1,500 employees, demonstrating the positive impact of unionization on workers and their community. The contract also builds on federal funding from the Biden administration that supports Blue Bird's expansion in electric vehicle production."], ["20250818", "Consumers Energy has announced it will provide $2 million in assistance to electric and natural gas customers struggling with past due summer energy bills. This income-based program is distributed through The Salvation Army and The Heat and Warmth Fund, requiring applicants to have overdue bills, service shut-offs, or a balance at a former address. Customers can apply online or by phone, and previous winter assistance funds totaling $5 million are still available."], ["20250818", "A ballot committee called Michiganders for Money out of Politics (MMOP) is campaigning to prohibit DTE Energy, Consumers Energy, and other corporations from making political donations in Michigan. The group, supported by Voters Not Politicians, is holding town halls and collecting signatures for a November 2026 ballot initiative. This effort seeks to address concerns over utilities' influence, frequent power outages, and high electricity rates, with the ballot measure aiming to ban political contributions from regulated monopolies and enhance reporting requirements for dark money nonprofits."], ["20250818", "A proposed $5 billion data center by Weyerhaeuser NR Company in Twiggs County, Georgia, is generating mixed reactions as it moves toward a public hearing. While some county officials anticipate a significant boost to the tax base, residents express concerns about water usage, environmental impact, and a perceived lack of transparency. The project, involving the rezoning of 291.5 acres, highlights broader trends of data center development on agricultural land in Georgia, often raising questions about community benefits versus environmental and social costs."], ["20250818", "Airlines for America (A4A) has announced that former New Hampshire Governor Chris Sununu will assume the role of President and CEO on September 9, succeeding Nick Calio. Sununu expressed his honor in joining the organization during a critical time for the aviation industry, emphasizing his commitment to modernizing air traffic control infrastructure. United Airlines CEO Scott Kirby and American Airlines CEO Robert Isom commended Sununu's leadership qualities and his suitability to advance the industry's objectives."], ["20250815", "New York is facing a renewed push to approve two natural gas pipelines, Williams\u2019 Northeast Supply Enhancement (NESE) and Constitution, which had previously been denied state permits. This resurgence follows a reported \"gas-for-wind\" compromise between Governor Kathy Hochul and the Trump administration, where federal opposition to an offshore wind farm was dropped in exchange for potential pipeline approval. The situation has sparked alarm among environmental groups and local politicians, who argue that greenlighting these pipelines compromises New York's clean-energy goals and perpetuates reliance on fossil fuels."], ["20250815", "Ameren is donating an additional $4 million in energy assistance to community action agencies in Missouri and Illinois to help residential customers pay their bills, following a summer of extreme heat. This contribution builds on the $1 million previously provided for tornado victims and brings Ameren's total energy assistance effort for 2025 to over $75 million, alongside LIHEAP programs. The company emphasizes its commitment to supporting communities facing economic hardships and encourages customers to seek assistance."], ["20250814", "The Washington Department of Ecology is soliciting public comments on agreed orders with Cosmo Specialty Fibers and Weyerhaeuser regarding the cleanup of the Cosmopolis mill site. Both companies are required to conduct a remedial investigation, feasibility study, and draft a cleanup action plan under the Model Toxics Control Act. This follows significant penalties issued to Cosmo Specialty Fibers for environmental violations and the presence of over 800,000 gallons of corrosive chemicals at the currently closed mill."], ["20250814", "GE Appliances is investing over $3 billion to expand its U.S. operations, including the Roper plant in LaFayette, Georgia, as part of a strategy to shift production from China and Mexico. This investment aims to increase domestic manufacturing, modernize plants, and add over 1,000 jobs across several states. The move aligns with a broader effort to manufacture closer to customers and grow U.S. production, with a significant amount of the company's manufacturing already based in the United States."], ["20250814", "Southern California Edison (SCE) is considering suing nine public agencies for their potential role in the catastrophic Eaton fire, which damaged much of Altadena. While SCE faces lawsuits from victims claiming its electrical equipment caused the blaze, the utility maintains that multiple factors contributed to the fire's spread and is preserving its legal options by sending cross-complaint notices. SCE has also announced a wildfire recovery compensation program for victims, despite internal investigations suggesting a reenergized dormant tower as a possible cause and concerns that damages could deplete California's wildfire relief fund."], ["20250813", "Former U.S. President Donald Trump announced a 100% tariff on semiconductors, but with exemptions for companies investing in American manufacturing. This policy, described as a \"carrot and stick\" approach, caused initial surges in stock prices for companies like TSMC, Apple, and Nvidia, as they have significant U.S. investments. While major players like TSMC and Samsung anticipate exemption due to their existing commitments, the policy's complete details, including effective dates and country-of-origin definitions, are still pending, leaving a degree of uncertainty."], ["20250813", "Canada's Clean Fuel Regulation program saw a significant 417% increase in registered renewable natural gas (RNG) volume from 2023 to 2024, largely driven by new market incentives and substantial procurement requirements from Canadian utilities. This surge highlights the effectiveness of clean fuel programs in incentivizing RNG production, particularly from on-farm anaerobic digesters. The Canadian market benefits from blending requirements for heating fuel, providing a long-term demand driver for RNG, unlike the transportation market which can become saturated."], ["20250812", "A new Labor government policy expanding the First Home Guarantee scheme to allow all first-home buyers to purchase with a 5% deposit poses an \"existential threat\" to Australia's Lenders Mortgage Insurance (LMI) providers and could reduce competition in the mortgage finance industry. The policy effectively eliminates the need for LMI for first-home buyers, impacting major providers like Helia and QBE, and raising concerns among smaller lenders and brokers about their ability to serve low-deposit customers and maintain choice in the market. Industry experts warn that the policy's unintended consequences could further concentrate low-deposit loan volumes with major banks capable of self-insuring."], ["20250812", "Cannabis Multi-State Operators (MSOs) experienced modest gains or declines on Monday after a significant rally. The rally was fueled by former President Donald Trump's comments suggesting an interest in reclassifying cannabis as a less dangerous drug. This indicates a potential cooling period for MSOs following speculative market movements."], ["20250811", "Nebraska has achieved a victory against California's electric truck mandate, with a joint stipulation dismissing a lawsuit against truck manufacturers. The manufacturers and Nebraska's Attorney General, along with trade associations, agreed the \"Clean Truck Partnership\" is void. This outcome means truck availability and costs will be determined by market forces rather than California's regulations, according to Nebraska officials."], ["20250811", "The Florida Department of Environmental Protection has issued draft permits for Mosaic Fertilizer to drill two exploratory wells in Polk County. These wells could potentially be used for injecting wastewater underground, although the current permits only authorize exploration, not injection. Public meetings are scheduled for September 9-10 in Bartow to gather comments on these draft permits."], ["20250811", "A recent U.S. Treasury auction showed weak demand for government bonds, with analysts calling it \"soft\" due to higher-than-expected yields and the lowest bid-to-cover ratio of the year. This signals growing investor reluctance to finance the U.S. federal government's increasing debt, forcing Uncle Sam to offer higher interest rates. The lack of foreign buyers and the Federal Reserve's continued intervention highlight a potentially unsustainable situation, with implications for future borrowing costs and inflation."], ["20250811", "The U.S. government has reached an unusual agreement with Nvidia and AMD, securing a 15% cut of their revenues from chip sales to China in exchange for export licenses. This deal follows the Trump administration's earlier halt on advanced chip sales to China due to national security concerns. While President Trump confirmed the terms, the agreement has sparked controversy among lawmakers and experts regarding its legality and potential implications for national security and the future of export controls."], ["20250811", "Several solar tracker manufacturers are now offering 100% domestic content solutions, sourcing all components within the U.S., a trend that began with Nextracker in December 2024. Companies like OMCO Solar, Terrasmart, and ARRAY Technologies have announced fully domestic offerings, while GameChange Solar and FTC Solar are promoting module-agnostic safe harbor strategies to address upcoming changes in \"construction start\" regulations for tax credit eligibility. This push is driven by the desire to meet domestic content thresholds for tax credits and streamline supply chains."], ["20250811", "A federal judge has ordered the U.S. Department of Justice to justify its sudden dismissal of a tax fraud case against Andrew Wiederhorn, founder of Fat Brands. The dismissal, which came after new reporting raised concerns about political interference and the firing of the lead prosecutor, has been questioned due to its timing and the involvement of Wiederhorn's politically connected legal team. Judge R. Gary Klausner stated the court needs to know the reasons for the dismissal before approving it."], ["20250811", "The Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF) market is experiencing strong demand, particularly from defense contractors and those in cybersecurity, driven by increased Department of Defense spending. However, the market faces evolving security requirements, with a heightened focus on TEMPEST security to prevent electronic data leakage. This necessitates specialized design expertise and changes in SCIF construction to meet advanced standards while also creating attractive work environments to draw in security professionals."], ["20250811", "This article highlights two major chip equipment stocks, KLA Corp (KLAC) and Lam Research (LRCX), from the \"Best Stocks in the Market\" list, which are nearing new highs. It discusses the impact of new tariffs on overseas chips by the Trump administration, presenting both challenges and opportunities for U.S.-based semiconductor companies. The authors also provide analysis on the current state of the semiconductor sector and offer risk management insights for KLAC and LRCX, with a more favorable view on LRCX's chart."], ["20250811", "Frank Cardoza, a Senior Assistant Corporate Counsel at J.B. Hunt Transport Services Inc., is featured in the \"Forty Under 40\" list. Cardoza, the first in his family to graduate from law school, college, or high school, initially practiced law focusing on high-net-worth divorce cases and pro bono work before joining J.B. Hunt in 2020. He provides legal advice for dedicated and final mile segments and aspires to move into a management role, overseeing other attorneys."], ["20250811", "Progress Rail, a Caterpillar Inc. subsidiary, is expanding its operations into Kansas City with a multi-million dollar investment. This expansion will convert an 80,000-square-foot facility to re-manufacture railcar wheelsets and bearings, creating 85 new full-time jobs. The project highlights a public-private partnership and aims to strengthen Kansas City's position as a national logistics hub."], ["20250810", "The Santiago Court of Appeals has ruled against Enel Distribuci\u00f3n Chile S.A., ordering the company to fully deduct an overbilled amount from a residential client's electricity account. The court found Enel's actions \"illegal and arbitrary\" and \"contumacious\" for not fully complying with an instruction from the Superintendence of Electricity and Fuels (SEC) to refactor invoices. This decision upholds the client's property rights against the company's non-compliance with regulatory authority."], ["20250808", "KeyBank's CEO, Chris Gorman, visited Seattle and expressed the bank's continued commitment to renewable energy projects and affordable housing, despite recent changes to clean energy tax credits. The article highlights KeyBank's focus on these areas amid policy shifts, indicating growth opportunities."], ["20250808", "This Zacks Analyst Blog highlights Archer Aviation, Heico, and General Dynamics, anticipating strong Q2 earnings for these defense stocks. The article attributes this positive outlook to escalating geopolitical tensions, increased defense spending by global governments including the U.S., and military assistance to countries like Ukraine and Israel. It also notes the benefit to companies with commercial aerospace exposure from growing global air travel."], ["20250807", "Residents of Summit County are speaking out against a recent settlement between local officials and Xcel Energy regarding the company's $155 million Mountain Energy Project. Critics argue that the settlement, which seeks to ensure customer protections and promote heat pump rates, does not adequately address the community's desire for a rapid transition away from natural gas toward renewable energy. Concerns include the continued reliance on natural gas infrastructure, potential safety issues with gas storage tanks, and the belief that the agreement benefits Xcel Energy more than the constituents."], ["20250805", "Dominion Energy is encouraging its customers to apply for energy assistance programs, such as the federally funded Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP), to help manage high energy bills during the summer. This initiative comes as summer temperatures can lead to increased energy consumption for cooling. Last year, over 66,000 Dominion Energy customers received approximately $18 million through LIHEAP and other utility bill assistance programs."], ["20250805", "Enphase Energy announced a new safe harbor agreement with a solar and battery financing company to preserve eligibility for both the base investment tax credit (ITC) and domestic content bonus credit for future solar projects. This agreement covers U.S.-manufactured IQ8HC\u2122 Microinverters and helps solar companies secure current tax credit qualifications while mitigating risks from potential policy changes. The strategic move aims to support the continued delivery of affordable clean energy solutions to American homeowners."], ["20250802", "A public hearing is scheduled for Tuesday, August 5th, in Lonoke County to discuss a proposed 5,600-acre, 300-megawatt solar project near Keo. The project aims to finance the construction of a solar generation facility and battery storage through a $700 million taxable industrial development revenue bond. Keo Mayor Stephanie White supports the project, hoping it will bring economic benefits, boost agritourism, and encourage agrivoltaics in the region."], ["20250802", "Entergy Arkansas plans to build the Jefferson County Power Station, a 754-megawatt natural gas plant, which will replace the existing White Bluff coal-fired plant. The project will utilize the new Generating Arkansas Jobs Act of 2025, allowing for incremental billing of customers during construction to finance the plant more quickly. This initiative aims to address Arkansas's energy crisis, meet growing demand, and attract large industrial projects like data centers, with an estimated economic benefit of $2.9 billion during construction."], ["20250801", "The FDIC has proposed significant adjustments to Part 363 of its regulations, which govern audit and reporting requirements for insured depository institutions. This proposal aims to raise asset-based thresholds for audits and internal controls, intending to reduce the regulatory burden on community banks. The increased thresholds, which will also be indexed to inflation, are expected to provide relief to hundreds of banks, particularly smaller institutions facing challenges with audit committee composition."], ["20250801", "President Trump's new tariff rates on dozens of trading partners, set to go into effect on August 7, are causing significant concern and complexity for the trucking and logistics industries. Companies like C.H. Robinson and Uber Freight are working with clients to navigate these changes, which include a baseline 10% tariff and other specific levies. The industry anticipates increased costs for U.S. consumers, potential shifts in sourcing strategies, and impacts on freight volumes and fleet maintenance due to rising prices of imported parts and materials."], ["20250801", "Indian company Syngene International has purchased and plans to reopen the former Emergent BioSolutions plant in Baltimore, aiming to restart production lines by the end of the year. This move aligns with former President Trump's push for more domestic drug manufacturing, though Syngene's decision predates his current political office. The plant will produce advanced life-saving therapies and cures, creating jobs and serving as a resource for local biotech startups, despite economists' skepticism about other manufacturers following suit due to tariff uncertainties."], ["20250801", "Regulatory cases involving HB 6 are determining how much FirstEnergy\u2019s Ohio utilities should pay for alleged violations, with opponents seeking over half a billion dollars while the utilities argue for a much smaller amount. These cases delve into corporate separation laws, the use of customer funds, and the impact of the HB 6 corruption scandal on ratepayers. The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio (PUCO) is examining evidence amid criticism for its piecemeal approach to the scandal."], ["20250829", "The annual Reliance Industries Ltd. shareholder meeting in India is focusing on the company's dealings with Russian oil, amid increased U.S. tariffs on India due to its discounted Russian crude purchases. Despite saving over $500 million, Reliance faces a dilemma between maintaining long-term agreements with Rosneft and risking further U.S. sanctions. Chairman Mukesh Ambani is expected to downplay the oil topic at the meeting, moving discussions towards digital services, AI, and clean energy, though oil and gas remain core to the company's revenue."], ["20250829", "The U.S. is increasing its naval presence in the Southern Caribbean near Venezuela, deploying seven warships and a nuclear submarine. This action is aimed at countering threats from Latin American drug cartels. The move is escalating tensions in the region."], ["20250828", "Potomac Edison residential customers in Maryland will receive Legislative Energy Relief Refund bill credits, starting in September 2025, as part of the Next Generation Energy Act. These credits, funded by utilities and electricity suppliers under Maryland's renewable energy laws, aim to ease the burden of rising electricity costs. Eligible customers will automatically receive two credits, with the amount varying based on their average electricity usage."], ["20250827", "A pair of recent court decisions in San Diego has brought renewed attention to California\u2019s Proposition 218, a 1996 ballot initiative that limits the ability of local governments to raise taxes, particularly property-related fees. This proposition significantly impacts water rates by requiring fees to reflect the cost of service and making it difficult to implement tiered rates for conservation or provide subsidies for low-income users. The recent rulings, which ordered significant refunds, indicate a high bar for water providers to justify their rate structures, potentially leading to flat rates and creating an uncertain future for water affordability and conservation efforts in California."], ["20250825", "This report challenges the common narrative that institutional investors are a primary cause of the U.S. housing affordability crisis, arguing that their market share is minimal (less than 1% nationally). The authors contend that the rise of institutional investors is a reaction to government regulatory failures, such as building restrictions leading to housing shortages and inflationary policies. The proposed solution is to increase housing construction rather than restrict institutional investors."], ["20250825", "Locksley Resources (ASX:LKY) has partnered with Rice University to develop a low-energy, benign solvent process for antimony extraction, addressing the critical mineral supply chain issues in the US, particularly for defense needs. This collaboration aims to establish domestic antimony processing capabilities, which are currently dominated by China and non-existent at a commercial scale in the US. LKY also plans to drill for both antimony and rare earths on its US project next quarter, positioning itself to support US critical mineral demands through both exploration and advanced processing technologies."], ["20250823", "The US government has acquired a 10% stake in Intel Corp through a US$10 billion support package, marking a significant intervention in corporate America. This deal, which converts federal grants into equity at a discounted share price, aims to provide a critical lifeline to the struggling chipmaker. The government's stake could increase to 15% if Intel's foundry business underperforms."], ["20250820", "A federal court in California recently denied a motion for a preliminary injunction against California's SB-253 and SB-261, meaning these greenhouse gas emissions reporting and climate-related financial risk disclosure laws remain in effect. Companies doing business in California with revenues exceeding $1 billion (for SB-253) or $500 million (for SB-261) must prepare for compliance, given that the laws were found to be reasonably related to substantial government interests despite ongoing litigation and pending implementing regulations. The court's decision emphasizes the state's intent to provide reliable investor information and reduce greenhouse gas emissions."], ["20250812", "The Baker City Council is moving to amend its development rules to allow drive-thrus in the downtown central-commercial zone, specifically to enable a new pharmacy to open in the former Pioneer Bank building. This change is considered urgent by council members due to the city having only one existing pharmacy following recent closures. The city needs to notify the Oregon Department of Land Conservation and Development and plans a public hearing to finalize the ordinance change."], ["20250812", "The article identifies the 12 best copper stocks according to hedge funds, amidst expectations of significant price spikes due to proposed 50% US tariffs on copper imports and growing demand from the renewable energy sector. It highlights how copper production companies, particularly those selling on CME pricing, stand to benefit from these tariffs, with prices in the US potentially reaching $15,000 per metric ton. The list is compiled based on hedge fund holdings, strong fundamentals, and production capacity, with Taseko Mines Ltd., MAC Copper Ltd., and Ero Copper Corp. detailed as top picks."], ["20250812", "Amid US Treasury volatility and a credit downgrade, two bond funds, DoubleLine Total Return Bond I (DBLTX) and American Funds Strategic Bond F-1 (ANBEX), have demonstrated resilience due to their broader diversification and lower exposure to Treasuries. These funds offer strategies that prioritize higher income and unique management approaches to navigate market shifts effectively. Their performance stands out compared to peers with heavy Treasury weightings."], ["20250811", "President Donald Trump is reportedly considering reclassifying cannabis as a less dangerous drug, potentially fulfilling a campaign promise. This move would shift marijuana from a Schedule I to a Schedule III drug, reducing penalties and offering tax breaks to cannabis companies. While Trump has shown inconsistent stances on cannabis in the past, his current consideration aligns with broad public support for legalization."], ["20250811", "WisdomTree views stablecoins as a significant growth opportunity, with its head of digital assets, Will Peck, highlighting their evolution beyond niche crypto use. The firm offers USDW, a U.S. dollar stablecoin for transactions, and WTGXX, a tokenized money market fund, both designed to serve the expanding tokenized finance ecosystem. The recent GENIUS Act for stablecoin regulation is seen as a key development, embedding the dollar into next-generation financial infrastructure and potentially making stablecoin issuers major purchasers of U.S. government debt."], ["20250807", "The FirstEnergy Foundation has awarded a $50,000 grant to Interfaith Neighbors, a nonprofit in Asbury Park, New Jersey. This funding will support programs focused on job training, early education, food security, and urban farming to help revitalize the community. The grant is one of the largest made by the FirstEnergy Foundation in New Jersey this year, highlighting FirstEnergy's commitment to supporting communities within its service areas."], ["20250807", "The FirstEnergy Foundation donated $10,000 to the Tygart Valley United Way to assist Marion County residents affected by severe flash flooding earlier this summer. This grant aims to provide essential items, aid in securing permanent housing, and replace critical household goods for flood victims. The donation reflects FirstEnergy's commitment to community care and helping Mon Power customers recover from the devastating June floods."], ["20250805", "The article discusses how Australia's Labor party, after past climate policy setbacks and recent electoral victories, now has an opportunity to adopt a more aggressive stance on climate change. It highlights the shifting political landscape, with stronger public support for emissions cuts, and the need for Labor to withstand media pressure, particularly from News Corp, as it prepares to set ambitious 2035 emissions reduction targets."]]}